Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Celebrity Fashion Beauty Royals Celebrity Side Hustles Patti Labelle on Her Second Life as a Celebrity Cook Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Celebrity Side Hustles Patti Labelle on Her Second Life as a Celebrity Cook “I just make good stuff and now everything is doing well.” by Kenzie BryantMarch 3, 2017 5:25 pm Email Facebook Twitter Patti LaBelle attends the Grand Tasting presented by Food & Wine at Pier 94, New York City, October 18, 2015. By Neilson Barnard/Getty Images. Welcome to Celebrity Side Hustles, where our most beloved stars explain how their passion projects led to second careers. Like many of our living legends, Patti Labelle’s career is full of second or third or fourth acts. In the past three years, she’s appeared on American Horror Story and Empire, and done the requisite turns on reality-television competitions, including a Dancing with the Stars stint and one on The Voice. All this on top of weekly performances and working on an album, Bel Hommage, which comes out this May. Amid all the upkeep of Patti Labelle, legendary singer, Patti Labelle, celebrity chef, has emerged fully formed, too. Labelle has been cooking. Oh, how she’s been cooking. She had a show on the Cooking Channel called Patti Labelle’s Place, which welcomed Carla Hall, 50 Cent, and Whoopi Goldberg into its kitchen. She’s published a handful of cookbooks, including a dessert-focused one that’s coming out in April. She’s disseminated her favorite desserts at Walmart, through a line called Patti’s Good Life, so every Thanksgiving table can include a piece of Patti. Her life as a crossover artist is mostly an accident, she insists. “Every time that someone had Patti’s desserts, they’d say, ‘Girl, you should write a cookbook, or you should do a show, you should, you should, you should,’” Labelle, known far and wide as Ms. Patti, told Vanity Fair on a recent phone call. “So it was something that I think was meant to be. I didn’t force it. Neither did I force any of the recipes. I just make good stuff, and now everything is doing well.’” As is Walmart’s wont, the chain was crucial in getting Labelle’s creations onto every kitchen table in America. She just dropped a banana-pudding recipe early this year, and there are a couple different fruit cobblers and cakes. The crown jewel of the bunch is the sweet-potato pie that sells for $3.98. As she tells it, back in fall 2015 when the pies first landed at the big-box store, they were selling just fine. Then a YouTube personality by the name of James Wright made a video that’s better seen than described: It got over 5 million views. Walmart’s bakeries were picked clean, and the desserts even showed up on the resale market. Two years later, you can still buy Patti’s Good Life sweet-potato pies and cobblers on eBay. It’ll cost you $10 to $25 more than the in-store price, but eBay delivers them; Walmart doesn’t. Patti doesn’t come to you; you go to Patti. Labelle was nothing but appreciative of his ringing endorsement and the sales bump that followed. “You know he was such a blessing,” she said, noting that she and Wright have kept in touch; they went on a couple talk shows together, and he’s been to her Philadelphia home for Thanksgiving. But Ms. Patti knows you can’t manufacture these kinds of moments. Ms. Patti understands that viral marketing is best kept a onetime gig. “He’s tried the peach cobbler and everything, but I said, ‘Don’t make a move. Don’t do anything like that because people will think she asked him again,’ ” she said. “He’s had them all, he loves them, but I said, ‘You better not get online or whatever y’all do.’ ” Labelle’s first cookbook, LaBelle Cuisine: Recipes to Sing About, came out nearly 20 years ago, but the singer’s kitchen lore stretches all the way back to Labelle, her original 60s girl group. She made dinner for Elton John when he still went by Reggie Dwight and was the pianist for Bluesology, Labelle’s backup band when they were touring in the U.K. She said they played cards pretty often, and of course she would always win and take the band’s money, so she had to cook for Elton/Reg. He went home with her tupperware once, and she remembers “there was always something about Ms. Patti getting her tupperware back. Eventually, he gave me a diamond ring, and I called it quits.” That seems fair. Then there was the time she cooked for Mick Jagger and the Rolling Stones. “They were going to Philadelphia at the Spectrum and they wanted me to make some food for them, so I said, ‘What do you want?’ They said, ‘Anything you think is good, we’ll eat it.’ So I just decided to make everything that I know is great. They had brisket, short ribs, fresh corn off the cob, cabbage, salted chicken.” She had two requests: first was that “when they send their big truck to pick up their food, put ‘Patti Labelle made this.’ You know they have catering food, and I didn’t want my food to get mixed in with the caterers.” And second that they “share it with [their tourmates] Living Colour.” The best story of them all was her week at Paisley Park with Prince, when they were recording Be Yourself. As she remembered it: When I recorded with him, I think I might have been there for a week, and he made the week feel like Christmas. He had his studio there that they design clothes for him in Paisley Park, and he had me go up, and they made me three outfits. He gave a little party for me at a disco and we danced, did the disco bunny hop. He took me to his house to cook for him, and he was shooting pool as I was cooking, and when everything was done, I said, ‘Dinner's ready!’ He said, ‘Oh, I just want a roll.’ In Labelle’s world, whom she’s cooking for—be it Oprah or Prince or Wright or any Walmart shopper at attention—is just as important as the food. And this second career emerged around the same time she was diagnosed as a diabetic (or she likes to call herself a “diva-betic”). “When people ask me about certain things, like why am I doing this dessert book or making this banana pudding, it’s because I love to see people’s faces after they taste my great desserts,” she said. “And I’m making these for them. You know Patti Labelle is not eating all the things that she sells at Walmart, but of course I have to taste everything to make sure it’s right. It’s been in my blood, and I think that’s the way it’s going to end up.” Full ScreenPhotos: 1/12The Best 2017 Oscar After-Party Transformations EMMA STONE IN GIVENCHY HAUTE COUTURE AND GIVENCHY Emma Stone went from her gold whimsical gown to a very cool, youthful polka-dotted blazer (replete with blue A.C.L.U. pin).Photo: From Getty Images. RUTH NEGGA IN VALENTINO AND OSCAR DE LA RENTA Negga stunned on the Oscar red carpet in a red gown (with accompanying red headband); for the party, she switched into a short patterned look.Photo: From Getty Images. ALICIA VIKANDER IN LOUIS VUITTON (BOTH) Vikander’s two dresses have a similar, textured quality. The first, a dark blue; the second, a turquoise number with a slit.Photo: From Getty Images. DAKOTA JOHNSON IN GUCCI (BOTH) Johnson’s Oscars dress was a bit of a departure for the actress, moody and almost artsy. Her party dress? Still a bit quirky, but with a less staid feel.Photo: From Getty Images. KARLIE KLOSS IN MARCHESA AND NAEEM KHAN The supermodel went from white (reminiscent of the white Tom Ford dress Gwyneth Paltrow wore several years ago) to a red, sultry look.Photo: From Getty Images. HAILEE STEINFELD IN RALPH & RUSSO (BOTH) Steinfeld’s two dresses look like they could be cousins of one another—both sparkly and shimmery and elegant.Photo: From Getty Images. ISABELLE HUPPERT IN ARMANI Huppert’s two dresses—both, fittingly, sophisticated and fierce at once—have a very similar energy.Photo: From Getty Images. PreviousNext EMMA STONE IN GIVENCHY HAUTE COUTURE AND GIVENCHY Emma Stone went from her gold whimsical gown to a very cool, youthful polka-dotted blazer (replete with blue A.C.L.U. pin). From Getty Images. RUTH NEGGA IN VALENTINO AND OSCAR DE LA RENTA Negga stunned on the Oscar red carpet in a red gown (with accompanying red headband); for the party, she switched into a short patterned look. From Getty Images. ALICIA VIKANDER IN LOUIS VUITTON (BOTH) Vikander’s two dresses have a similar, textured quality. The first, a dark blue; the second, a turquoise number with a slit. From Getty Images. DAKOTA JOHNSON IN GUCCI (BOTH) Johnson’s Oscars dress was a bit of a departure for the actress, moody and almost artsy. Her party dress? Still a bit quirky, but with a less staid feel. From Getty Images. VIOLA DAVIS IN ARMANI PRIVÉ AND BRANDON MAXWELL Both of Davis’s looks were extremely sharp and showcased her penchant for bold colors: a bright, stunning red dress and then a white pantsuit for the party. Both from Getty Images. SCARLETT JOHANSSON IN ALAÏA (BOTH) The actress switched from a floral, springtime-y look to a dark, elegant and chic one. From Getty Images. NAOMIE HARRIS IN CALVIN KLEIN Harris’s Oscar dress was modern and chic (and those yellow shoes!). For the after-party, she went with a Grecian-y white gown. From Getty Images. JESSICA BIEL IN KAUFMANFRANCO AND RALPH LAUREN Biel shifted from a full-body gold, skintight look to a very geometric, cape-like look (same slicked-back hair, though!). From Getty Images. HALLE BERRY IN VERSACE (BOTH) Berry’s Oscar gown was floor length, but for the after-party she went with a shining minidress. From Getty Images. KARLIE KLOSS IN MARCHESA AND NAEEM KHAN The supermodel went from white (reminiscent of the white Tom Ford dress Gwyneth Paltrow wore several years ago) to a red, sultry look. From Getty Images. HAILEE STEINFELD IN RALPH & RUSSO (BOTH) Steinfeld’s two dresses look like they could be cousins of one another—both sparkly and shimmery and elegant. From Getty Images. ISABELLE HUPPERT IN ARMANI Huppert’s two dresses—both, fittingly, sophisticated and fierce at once—have a very similar energy. From Getty Images. Share Email Facebook Twitter Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATEDSEEK Whoopi Goldberg Says She Doesn’t Laugh EnoughBY VANITY FAIR Taraji and Terrence’s White Hot Holiday Special Recap: Joy to the World!BY PHOEBE ROBINSON SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse What Happened To Target's E-Commerce Business? Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 03, 2017 3:52pm   Comments Share: Related TGT Rate Hike Seems Far More Likely After Yellen's Friday Speech, Rising Above 80% Target's Earnings Stumble Prompts Vetr Upgrade Wal-Mart Vs. Target: Which Is The Better Investment? (Seeking Alpha) E-commerce has taken the retail world by storm to the extent that it has pushed the brick-and-mortar operations of many traditional retailers to the brink. To survive the online onslaught, some retailers with a physical presence have ventured into the e-commerce space, though not many could replicate the same degree of success of pureplays like Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN). Big box retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) and Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) have made a really hard push into the digital space and have tasted varied degree of success. Dissection Of Target's Digital Operation Target's digital sales accounted for 3.4 percent the total sales in 2015, up from 2.6 percent in 2014 and 2 percent in 2013. Digital channel sales rose 30 percent year-over-year in 2015, contributing to 0.8 percentage points to comps sales growth of 2.1 percent. The company's recently released fourth-quarter results showed that fourth-quarter digital comparable sales jumped 34 percent, contributing 1.8 percentage points of comparable store sales growth. This helped to the mitigate the 3.3 percent drop in store channel comparable store sales. Digital sales accounted for 6.8 percent of the total sales. Related Link: How Store Counts Of America's Biggest Retailers Changed Since 2007 Target's Lackluster Q4 Show Target's fourth-quarter adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations fell to $1.46 from $2.31 on a 4.3 percent drop in sales. Looking ahead, the company forecast a low-to-mid single digit decline in comps for the first quarter and low-single-digit comp decline for 2017. The fourth-quarter results and the forward guidance were disappointing. "Our fourth quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly-changing consumer behavior, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores," said Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target. Though one could say the digital sales performance was better than Wal-Mart's and Amazon's, it was just not strong enough to compensate for the rotten state of affairs at its brick-and-mortar stores. This elicited some sour comments from industry experts. Rahul Sharma from Retail Guru sees Target's digital attempts as lame. Target 'fessing up to new retail 'era' just lame. Model looks as challenged as Macy's on nearly 50% higher multiple $TGT $M — Rahul Sharma (@Retail_Guru) February 28, 2017 Sharma highlighted Target's plight in another tweet, suggesting that it is strangled between Wal-Mart and Amazon and is not finding its mojo either in food or non-food sales. Amazon's U.S. sales rose 22 percent in the recent fourth quarter. $TGT caught in headlights between $WMT & $AMZN. Not enough food to keep store traffic up, not enough non-food wow to compensate — Rahul Sharma (@Retail_Guru) February 28, 2017 Wal-Mart Reaping Benefits Of Online Push Meanwhile, rival Wal-Mart reported U.S. e-commerce sales growth of 29 percent, with gross merchandise volumes up 36.1 percent. In comparison, Wal-Mart's overall revenues rose a mere 1 percent. The strong e-commerce performance was the result of the company's thrust into the digital arena, with its recent acquisition of Jet.com and its push into online groceries. Boosted by its strong e-commerce showing, the company reported U.S. same-store sales gain of 1.8 percent, the strongest performance since July 2012. Earnings per share came in ahead of estimates, though revenues were a bit light. Target has a tall order before it if it has to meaningfully grow its online sales to counter its weak store sales. This would mean huge investments in technology and marketing, which could prove a near-term negative for the stock. Will investor be sympathetic to its cause? Image Credit: By Mjs92984 (Own work) [CC BY-SA 4.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0)], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: e-commerce Jet.comEarnings News Guidance Movers Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + TGT) Virtual Assistants, Voice Technology: Winners And Losers How Wal-Mart Can Beat Amazon: Copy What Amazon Does Best TD Ameritrade's Investor Movement Index (IMX) For February 2017 Rate Hike Seems Far More Likely After Yellen's Friday Speech, Rising Above 80% Logitech Is Ready To Show It Is Bigger Than Just Computer Mouses Industry Valuation Metrics Go Out The Window For These 3 Stocks View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on TGT Trending Recent 1 UNG, RH: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 KFY, THO: Keep an Eye on These 5 Stocks for March 6, 2017 3 SNAP, TWTR: Snap Says It May Never Become Profitable; Here's W... 4 BDE, DAVE: Earnings Scheduled For March 6, 2017 5 SNY, EXEL: Icahn's (Potential) Move Into Biotech 6 GPRO, CR: Benzinga's Top Upgrades,... 7 XRX, TRCO: Barron's Picks... 1 XLV: The 2 Sides Of The Affordable Care Act Debate, Explained 2 SSNLF, AAPL: Virtual Assistants, Voice Technology: Winners And Losers 3 FB, SNAP: The Bearish First Wave Of Ratings, Price Targets For Snap... 4 Jacob Wohl, The Teenage-Hedge Fund Manager, Has Been Order... 5 DKS: Dick's Sporting Goods Poised For Market Share Gain... 6 SAF Platform Automates Alternative Investment Processes 7 AAPL: Market Share Isn't Everything; Samsung's... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Exclusive: CBMG CEO Talks Stem-Cell Therapies, Cancer Treatments, Financials & The Chinese Market Deutsche Bank Undertakes Preparatory Work for a Potential capital increase and further strategic measures
Game played at school may curb bad habits News Maryland Harford County The Aegis Rezoning sought again for two Old Philadelphia Road properties in Aberdeen Pomeroy rezoning AEGIS FILE PHOTO / Baltimore Sun The owners of the Pomeroy Property off Route 7 in Aberdeen are again asking the city to rezone the site for industrial development so a prospective purchaser can build a 500,000 square foot warehouse and distribution center. The owners of the Pomeroy Property off Route 7 in Aberdeen are again asking the city to rezone the site for industrial development so a prospective purchaser can build a 500,000 square foot warehouse and distribution center. (AEGIS FILE PHOTO / Baltimore Sun) Erika ButlerContact ReporterThe Aegis Aberdeen to again consider rezoning Pomeroy properties Privacy Policy After withdrawing their request in 2015, the owners and potential developer of a combined 39 acres off Old Philadelphia Road behind Walmart were back before the Aberdeen City Council earlier this week seeking to have the property rezoned so it can be used for a future warehouse and distribution center. The requested zoning change represents the reality that Harford County, and Aberdeen in particular, never received the full economic boost predicted from the from military base realignment, or BRAC, that occurred a dozen years ago, representatives of the prospective developer told the council during a rezoning hearing Monday night. The two parcels - one 4.92 acres and the other 33.59 - were zoned B-3-Highway Commercial District during the city's comprehensive zoning in 2009, a "mistake" that couldn't be seen back then, John Gessner, a lawyer for MIA Acquisitions LLC, a company controlled by Columbia-based Manekin LLC, which has a contract to buy the site, known locally as the Pomeroy property for the current owners. MIA Acquisitions wants the property rezoned to M-1-Light Industrial District so it can build a 500,000-square-foot warehouse distribution center, Gessner said during the hearing. Construction to begin in Perryman on 2.5 million square feet of warehouse space ALLAN VOUGHT Construction is set to begin on the first phase of what could ultimately be 2.5 million square feet of additional warehouse and distribution space in Perryman. A groundbreaking ceremony was held for the project, called Eastgate, on Tuesday afternoon, with Harford County Executive Barry Glassman,... Construction is set to begin on the first phase of what could ultimately be 2.5 million square feet of additional warehouse and distribution space in Perryman. A groundbreaking ceremony was held for the project, called Eastgate, on Tuesday afternoon, with Harford County Executive Barry Glassman,... (ALLAN VOUGHT) The 2-1/2-hour hearing was one of the last orders of business at Monday's City Council meeting and didn't begin until about 9:15 p.m. The council had to suspend its rules to extend the council meeting beyond its 11 p.m. deadline. Council members agreed to continue the hearing until 11:30; it was over at 11:21. As it was, the council did not take any action on the rezoning request. After 10 days, during which supporting evidence for or against the rezoning can be submitted, the council will begin its deliberations on the request, with the possibility of a closed session to meet with the city attorney for legal advice, Mayor Patrick McGrady explained. The request will be on the city's agenda for the March 13 work session and city council meeting, he said. Richard Alter, president and CEO of Manekin LLC, testified that except for Walmart on an adjacent property, most of the other development in the vicinity has been warehouses and distribution centers, including Saks Fifth Avenue, Sephora, Pier 1, C&S Wholesalers, Ferrell Fuel, Clorox and Rite Aid. "The dominant feature surrounding the site is warehouse," Alter said. Key Harford road projects will never be funded, if scoring system stays DAVID ANDERSON Two badly needed road projects in Harford County, which have already been on the state's books for years, could lose any chance of getting funded, if a new scoring system to prioritize road projects remains in place, according to state and local officials. "It's already a pretty political and burdensome... Two badly needed road projects in Harford County, which have already been on the state's books for years, could lose any chance of getting funded, if a new scoring system to prioritize road projects remains in place, according to state and local officials. "It's already a pretty political and burdensome... (DAVID ANDERSON) Two witnesses Gessner questioned during the hearing said that when the properties were rezoned in 2009 to B-3, it was done under the belief that BRAC was going to bring thousands of office jobs to the area and the site would be used for office buildings or retail commercial or a combination. "BRAC anticipated extremely significant amounts of growth with Fort Monmouth's relocation," Alter said, referring to the move of most of the operations from the New Jersey based to Aberdeen. As many as 27,000 new jobs were expected to be created in the area, 80 percent of them in Harford, and with that the need for an estimated 2 million square feet of new office space. In the Aberdeen area, 47 percent of the available office space is vacant, he said, compared to 18 percent of the retail space and 6 percent of the industrial space. "That did not happen," Edward Steere, a land use planner with Lipman Frizzell & Mitchell LLC who worked for Harford County Planning and Zoning for 11 years, said of the so-called BRAC effect. "Some speculative development that came along with it is still speculative." Aberdeen council disagrees with request to rezone Old Philadelphia Road properties BRYNA ZUMER The Aberdeen City Council is leaning against letting two older properties off Old Philadelphia Road, behind Walmart, be rezoned for industrial use. The Pomeroy family had asked the council to allow the sites to be used for industry, arguing a mistake had been made when rezoning the parcels in 2009.... The Aberdeen City Council is leaning against letting two older properties off Old Philadelphia Road, behind Walmart, be rezoned for industrial use. The Pomeroy family had asked the council to allow the sites to be used for industry, arguing a mistake had been made when rezoning the parcels in 2009.... (BRYNA ZUMER) The market for office space is saturated, Steere said, and many buildings sit vacant. It wasn't possible to know in 2009 that the market would trend away from office space, he said, and city officials based their decision to rezone the properties "on reliable indicators; everybody was on board with the idea they would have that growth at that time." The mistake, he said, was made with no foreknowledge of the change that was coming. The retail market, Alter testified, is trending toward online shopping and away from in-store shopping, and the Pomeroy sites, between Walmart and railroad tracks, are not appropriate for any kind of retail shopping center. Putting retail on the site "ignores what's happened in world retail today," Alter said. "E-commerce has exponentially changed retail." Developing a warehouse on the site would generate significant property tax revenues for the city of Aberdeen, Alter said. In the first year, it would bring in $207,400 in revenue, more than $1 million by the fifth year and more than $2 million by the 10th year. A distribution center would generate considerably less traffic than an office building, Mark Keeley, a traffic consultant with Traffic Concepts Inc., told city council members. Properties near Aberdeen's Walmart could see future industrial development BRYNA ZUMER Properties along Aberdeen's Old Philadelphia Road could be turned into industrial development sites, city Planning and Community Development Director Phyllis Grover said Monday. The owners of two parcels across from Walmart, known as the Pomeroy properties, are asking the city to rezone the sites... Properties along Aberdeen's Old Philadelphia Road could be turned into industrial development sites, city Planning and Community Development Director Phyllis Grover said Monday. The owners of two parcels across from Walmart, known as the Pomeroy properties, are asking the city to rezone the sites... (BRYNA ZUMER) Based on industry traffic standards, a distribution center would create 1.68 trips per 1,000 square feet, or 840 trips per day to the site for a 500,000-square-foot warehouse, Keeley testified, while an office building would generate 11.42 trips per 1,000 square feet, which extrapolates to 5,710 trips. "The point is, a distribution center generates very few trips compared to retail shopping or an office building," he said. The property, which was farmed until about a year ago, "will remain fallow" if the B-3 zoning is maintained, according to the owners. No one spoke against the rezoning during Monday's hearing. One person, Peter Dacey, a former Aberdeen city manager, told the city council he supports the rezoning. Dacey has become friends with the Pomeroys, whom he met four years ago. He said approving the rezoning would complete a vision city leaders had 50 years ago, when the properties in the area in question had yet to be annexed by the city. "This is the last piece of a plan foreseen years ago in helping Aberdeen become the vibrant community it is now and will be in the future," Dacey said. "This opportunity will complete a vision that began 50 years ago by people sitting in your seats." Caption Ash Wednesday in Bel Air The faithful attend a morning Mass for Ash Wednesday at Saint Margaret Parish in Bel Air. (David Anderson / BSMG) The faithful attend a morning Mass for Ash Wednesday at Saint Margaret Parish in Bel Air. (David Anderson / BSMG) Caption Bel Air's Brent Lorin wins state wrestling title Bel Air sophomore wins 3-2 for second straight title. (Randy McRoberts/BSMG) Bel Air sophomore wins 3-2 for second straight title. (Randy McRoberts/BSMG) Copyright © 2017, The Aegis, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Aberdeen mayor says city needs to move quickly on Middleton Road extension Aberdeen council delays vote on new 75-room hotel off Beards Hill Road BRAC brings boost, but less than expected, for many in Harford Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 43°
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content National Real Estate Investor Search: Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Tablet App RSS Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Finance & Investment CMBS Distressed Investment Lending Net Lease REITs Viewpoints Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Hotel Medical Office Self Storage Seniors Housing Single-Family Housing Student Housing Real Estate Services Brokerage Development Leasing Property Management Rankings Technology Viewpoints Webinars Whitepapers NREI Wire Advertisement Home > Retail > Retailers Had a Dismal Christmas, Now Face Ryan's Import Tax Retailers Had a Dismal Christmas, Now Face Ryan's Import Tax Mar 3, 2017 Bloomberg | Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement (Bloomberg) — U.S. retailers are coming off one of the worst Christmas-shopping seasons in recent memory, and now they have to deal with Paul Ryan. The Republican House Speaker is pushing a corporate tax overhaul that would make imports more expensive, according to the retail industry. If that comes to pass, it would drastically cut into the already-thin profit margins of chains like Best Buy Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. that sell loads of foreign-made goods. “That’s all they need,” said Ken Perkins, president of researcher Retail Metrics Inc. “Things are already difficult.” That’s putting it mildly. Retailers are getting hammered on multiple fronts. States have been passing minimum-wage increases that are putting pressure on labor costs. Amazon.com Inc. and other web players continue to take market share, leading to dramatic declines in visits to many malls. Shoppers also have shifted spending toward their homes and experiences while becoming better bargain hunters. The fourth quarter, which for retailers runs from November through January, was the third time in four years that the industry’s earnings declined for that period, according to Retail Metrics. Not even the highest consumer confidence in more than a decade, rising incomes and a surging stock market could save retailers’ Christmas. Cut Prices J.C. Penney Co. and Macy’s Inc. announced massive store-closure plans, which will ripple throughout the industry because their locations anchor shopping malls. Target Corp.’s stock fell the most since the depths of the recession in 2008 after the company said it would cut prices to win more customers. Even L Brands Inc., often considered one of the better-performing U.S. retailers, isn’t immune as its flagship business, Victoria’s Secret, struggles. Ryan’s tax plan, which includes the border-adjustment provision that has the retail industry so worried, is just a blueprint. President Donald Trump hasn’t said whether he supports the idea. Within the White House, there is division -- with a contingent led by top strategist Steve Bannon in favor, and National Economic Council director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin opposed -- according to a senior administration official. Several Republican senators have raised doubts too and are working on alternatives. There has been a lot of debate among corporations about how the border-adjustment tax, or BAT, would work. Supporters, which include net exporters such as General Electric Co., say a rise in the value of the dollar would offset the increased costs of imported goods. Opponents, which range from retail to autos to shoemakers like Nike Inc., counter that a move in the dollar is more economic theory than a given. And this kind of levy would end up getting passed down to consumers in the form of higher prices. ‘Different Concept’ “A lot of the retailers don’t want to bet on an economic theory that may or may not play out,” said Scot Ciccarelli, an analyst for RBC Capital Markets. “It would be a really big hit to some companies.” While House Republicans unveiled the plan last summer, it was largely ignored because Democrat Hillary Clinton was favored to win the White House. But after Trump’s victory, the tax was suddenly on the table. Ciccarelli knew little about the idea when he was first asked about it shortly after the election. He then spent a week holed up in his office doing research. “I was asking people, ‘Am I understanding this right?’ because it was a different concept,” Ciccarelli said. “You aren’t taxing a profit. You’re effectively taxing a sale amount on an import. Well, that’s a game-changer.” Ciccarelli published his first report on the subject Dec. 6 with the title “Border-Adjusted Tax Changes Could Materially Impact Retail Earnings,” and it received a lot of attention. Soon clients were making investment decisions based on a chain’s potential exposure to it, he said. The prospect has weighed on retail stocks. Since the Nov. 8 election, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index has surged about 12 percent, tripling the advance of the SPDR S&P Retail ETF. Even within the retail industry the impact could vary greatly, according to RBC. It would depend largely on how many imported goods a chain sells and its ability to push back on suppliers. There’s also a provision in Ryan’s plan to start taxing interest payments and offer a new deduction for capital expenditures. This could help retailers that are still opening a lot of stores. RBC projected Ryan’s tax plan would boost the net income of CarMax Inc., the largest U.S. seller of used autos, by 59 percent. Home Depot Inc. and Lowe’s Cos. would experience modest increases because they import less than other chains and, given their market dominance, would have more power to push back on potential price increases from suppliers. Amazon could get a boost, too. The online giant sells a lot of imported goods, but it could use profits from its web-services unit to eat price increases and undercut competitors. Meanwhile, net profit at Wal-Mart, Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc. and Costco Wholesale Corp. would drop by 45 percent or more. And Best Buy would see an estimated decline of 300 percent, potentially swinging it from a net profit of $1 billion to a loss of $2 billion, according to RBC. Nervous Questions “It’s a huge gamble, and it’s bad for American families,” Best Buy Chief Executive Officer Hubert Joly said on a call with reporters this week. “It would destroy jobs.” And the concern isn’t dying down. At an event this week in Washington’s Watergate Hotel hosted by the American Apparel & Footwear Association, executives talked about the BAT’s potential impact and the difficulty they’ve had winning over members of Congress. Panelists later were peppered with nervous questions about the industry’s lobbying efforts and how companies could prepare if this becomes a reality. “We’re not opposed to tax reform -- we’re opposed to being the scapegoat and having our rights traded away without a seat at the table,” said Rick Helfenbein, the trade group’s CEO. The industry has gone through the five steps of mourning and now “we reached the anger stage.”   --With assistance from Joseph Ciolli.To contact the reporters on this story: Matt Townsend in New York at mtownsend9@bloomberg.net ;Lindsey Rupp in New York at lrupp2@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Nick Turner at nturner7@bloomberg.net © 2017 Bloomberg L.P Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles H&M's Now the Filling in the Classic Retailer Sandwich: Gadfly Developer of $50 Million Zaha Hadid N.Y. Penthouse Now Explores Tiny Homes Real Estate Seen Hurt by Brexit Unease of Wait Now, Invest Later Blackstone’s Baratta Says Now Is Most Treacherous Time Ever Charles Schwab Now Planning for 5,000 Employees in DFW Hub Advertisement The Latest in Retail Gordmans Stores Is Said to Prepare for Bankruptcy Filing Retailers Had a Dismal Christmas, Now Face Ryan's Import Tax BCBG Max Azria Files for Bankruptcy as Retail Glitz Fades First look: Here's what's in store for West Oaks Mall Retail Real Estate Investors Hunt for Yields in Secondary Markets More Advertisement Recent Comments Dear sir/Ma we offer financial instrument such as BG/SBLC/MTN/MT's specifically for lease for such business... Posted 1 sec ago by Mr ibrahim Dear sir/Ma we offer financial instrument such as BG/SBLC/MTN/MT's specifically for lease for such business... Posted 1 min 40 sec ago by Mr ibrahim Dear Sir/Madam, I write to introduce our financial services to you. I am a direct mandate to a provider... Posted 2 min 2 sec ago by Mr ibrahim Dear sir/Ma we offer financial instrument such as BG/SBLC/MTN/MT's specifically for lease for such business... Posted 2 min 43 sec ago by Mr ibrahim Dear sir/Ma we offer financial instrument such as BG/SBLC/MTN/MT's specifically for lease for such business... Posted 3 min 49 sec ago by Mr ibrahim Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Advertisement Nreionline.com Finance & Investment Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Real Estate Services NREI Wire Site Features Subscribe RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site National Real Estate Investor Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Search Nreionline.com Search: PISCES National Real Estate Investor Related Sites WealthManagement.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered. Suburbs Skokie Review Police: Skokie woman hit officer in face after altercation at Walmart Marie Roberge Skokie Police Department / Handout Marie Roberge Marie Roberge (Skokie Police Department / Handout) Genevieve BookwalterContact ReporterPioneer Press A Skokie woman allegedly "battered" a Walmart employee and hit a Skokie police officer in the face Thursday after a Walmart worker declined to cash her check, Skokie police said Friday. Marie Roberge, 40, of Skokie, was arrested after allegedly hitting the worker and then fleeing into a business next to the Walmart at 3626 Touhy Ave., according to a police press release. Roberge is charged with misdemeanor battery and felony aggravated battery to a police officer, the release said. Police found Roberge in the adjacent business and tried to arrest her, according to the release. During the arrest, she allegedly struck a police officer in the face and hit a Walmart loss prevention agent. Waukegan cops arrest man accused of hitting officer with car at Walmart A Waukegan man wanted for shoplifting and knocking down a Round Lake Beach police officer with the door of a vehicle last weekend was taken into custody Tuesday, police said. An arrest warrant with a $500,000 bond had been issued for Cedric Brown, 43, of the 1000 block of Pacific Avenue in Waukegan,... A Waukegan man wanted for shoplifting and knocking down a Round Lake Beach police officer with the door of a vehicle last weekend was taken into custody Tuesday, police said. An arrest warrant with a $500,000 bond had been issued for Cedric Brown, 43, of the 1000 block of Pacific Avenue in Waukegan,...Read the story The officer was taken to a hospital for treatment and released, the release said. The two Walmart employees were treated on the scene by the Skokie Fire Department. A bond hearing was scheduled for Friday. gbookwalter@chicagotribune.com Twitter @GenevieveBook Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Crime Suburban Chicago arrest photos Reaction to the new travel ban Chance the Rapper donates $1 million to CPS 2017 Chicago Polar Plunge Sports Breaking Trending RedEye Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 57°
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Hailo’s goodbye: Popular taxi app becomes Mytaxi Spotify model is proving its worth as paid subscribers soar Fitness and health tools driving wearable market to record levels Eir taking ComReg to High Court over fault repair demands The future of retail: Mobile-first is the only way to save our shops Yahoo breach cost CEO Marissa Mayer millions in bonuses The five-minute CIO: Mike Hanrahan, co-founder, Jet.com A single typo brought Amazon Web Services to a grinding halt Interxion to ‘power on’ €28m data centre in west Dublin 5 factors to consider when choosing a data centre provider Microsoft and Intel part of new 30-member Ethereum blockchain alliance China preparing to launch blockchain-based cryptocurrency EU demands that Irish mobile operators respect roaming abolition Leaders’ Insights: Justin Conry, Three Ireland Soon EU roaming charges are going, going … nope, staying put It’s payback time: 5G, IoT and the real drama at Mobile World Congress 2017 Dublin’s iMobMedia in mobile ads deal at Mobile World Congress Deutsche Telekom names Anam as global A2P SMS filtering partner Start-up of the week: Future Ticketing Weekend takeaway: For the entrepreneurs who shine Autism App wins top prize at 2017 BT Young Scientist Business Bootcamp Which of these 31 start-ups has what it takes to impress Google? Bringing blockchain to the world of food traceability Dylan Collins’s TotallyAwesome raises $2m to power kid-safe digital ads in Asia ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One UL leading new €4.9m study into cleaner carbon fibre future What do you know about Komodo dragons? Physicists develop ‘supersolid’ that flows like a liquid, endlessly Delivering a ‘double whammy’ against ovarian cancer Evidence of ancient mega-flood found on surface of Mars NUIG engineering centre to be named after pioneer Alice Perry IoT global round-up: Cloud teaching, Qualcomm and bears Researchers code entire movie and operating system into DNA New ‘magical’ super-fast computer concept uses DNA molecules to grow Molecular magnet breakthrough could lead to 1m GB hard drives Druid is the magic connecting Europe’s internet of things vision Boston Dynamics moves from feet to wheels with jumping Handle bot How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS As level of unemployment falls in Ireland, look to career development Trump signs laws to boost numbers of women and girls in STEM How much money would make you quit your job? How to beat stress and find your happy place at work NUI Galway joins Phablabs 4.0 to turn spotlight on photonics for STEM Top tech companies still have a massive gender gap 5 things you shouldn’t lie about in a job interview How to write a killer LinkedIn summary 5 mistakes you’re making with your job search When push comes to shove, emojis in push notifications are a win-win How to encourage your employees to have a healthy work-life balance Under 30 and underpaid: How to beat the pay trap On the Vodafone enterprise product team, no two days are the same From aviation to Intel: Rebooting your career as a tech graduate What is it like to work at the cutting edge of cancer research? How can we solve the talent gap in the tech industry? ‘My favourite thing about agile is the marriage of IT and business’ Making a big career change from music to tech 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Career Zoo workshops will introduce tech jobseekers to the industry Eir to recruit 50 apprentices for rural broadband expansion Mobile Technologies Inc to create 150 jobs in Drogheda office Dyson to double UK workforce to 7,000 with mega robot R&D campus CSO reveals unemployment in Ireland has hit a nine-year low What job would you have had in the 1920s? ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Facebook encourages users to go ‘as Gaeilge’ for SnaG Twitter creates its version of a mute button in latest anti-abuse move Check out these amazing images from Sony photo award shortlist YouTube is entering the TV business and has Netflix in its sights YouTube confirms users watch 1bn hours of video a day The secret duo that hold the Oscar winners in their hands iPhone move from Lightning to USB-C cable would cause a storm Sony unveils interactive projector and four new Xperia smartphones ZTE reveals the first 5G-ready smartphone at MWC 2017 Huawei guns for Apple with new P10 and P10 Plus smartphones Microsoft reveals Skype Lite, a free, low connectivity app for India Private message app Signal reveals new video call tool Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse When is Stranger Things back? Netflix finally reveals all Sinking of Titanic to be recreated as a realistic VR experience Purple Rain forecast for Grammys as Prince streaming rumours grow WhatsApp testing feature that lets you recall and edit sent messages From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 ALL At Aon, diversity isn’t just for International Women’s Day Identifying lean and high-potential start-ups with Ash Maurya Resist applying technology for technology’s sake Could robots replace humans in the future? How Teen-Turn directly connects young women to STEM careers Enda Kenny lays out Brexit plans with Action Plan for Jobs 2017 ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT ENTERPRISE The five-minute CIO: Mike Hanrahan, co-founder, Jet.com by John Kennedy 2 days ago398 Shares Mike Hanrahan, CTO and co-founder of Jet.com. Image: David Solodukho “The talent pool in Dublin is incredible,” said Mike Hanrahan, the Wexford native who co-founded e-commerce giant Jet.com. Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com for $3bn, making it the largest US e-commerce company acquisition in history. Jet.com is a gold sponsor for the upcoming Career Zoo event in The Convention Centre, Dublin on Saturday, 11 March. Mike Hanrahan oversaw the building of the Jet.com platform, which, within 10 months of launch in 2014, had a revenue run-rate of $1bn. The company has grown from 30 people in 2015 to 2,000 today. It has more than 8,000 suppliers, its own distribution centres and 20m stock items. What roads led to Jet.com? My background is in chartered accountancy. I worked at PwC in Waterford and then London in the mid-1990s, and that’s where I met Marc Lore, our CEO. Marc went back to the US and had a couple of successful start-ups, including a company called Diapers.com. When Marc got back in touch with me, I was working in various banks, building systems, and he asked me would I like to work with him again. We jumped at the opportunity and decided that a move to the US would be an exciting adventure. I always liked working with Marc. He is a super-smart guy, a very inspirational leader, and so we went to the US and I worked again with him at Quidsi. I took a few years off because we had four kids under the age of five. Marc got in contact again and told me he was thinking of starting a big e-commerce company to take advantage of what we thought was a big disparity in e-commerce, relative to what you might see in Europe or Japan. Very few US consumers did their weekly shop online; people were using Amazon to engage in e-commerce but were typically buying one item here and there, not thinking of the weekly grocery shop. As a consequence, shipping costs for a single unit were very high – 16-20pc of order values went into fulfilment. In the UK, there are very different price dynamics as people buy big baskets of stuff when shopping online and, as a result, fulfilment costs come down to 5pc. That’s a big disparity. There was almost 10pc that we felt we could take out of the value chain in terms of cost. That was the genesis of the idea. We were obsessed with how we could build a website that could encourage people to buy bigger baskets and really help them to pull costs out of e-commerce so they could shop in a sustainable way. What are the main points of your IT strategy? From a technical perspective, if you speak to any CTO and ask them to describe their dream job, Marc gave me mine. He sat me down, explained the amount of capital he was raising, when we were going to come out of the gate, how many visitors we would hit on day one and how he planned to grow the hell out of this thing. His plan was for it to become a $20bn-dollar-a-year business by 2020. The technical requirement was fantastic. It was a complete greenfield set-up with no legacy systems, and we hadn’t written a line of code. The challenge was to build a massively scalable e-commerce platform as good as anything Amazon or Wal-Mart had. We had to make sure we were building it at scale and for the cloud, and thinking of all the engineering challenges. We made the decision to do it all right at the start. Let’s not try and build a minimal viable product, let’s do it right. There is nothing sweeter to the ears than when you hear that kind of technical requirement. Marc himself is very cognisant of the power of technology and, as CEO, he was a fantastic champion of technology in the sense that he really gave us the latitude to take a lot of technological risks to get where we needed to be. We ended up with 300pc the traffic we expected on day one, which was better than our best case and the systems scaled fantastically. We didn’t have a single glitch from a technology standpoint and so it all came together quite nicely. How complex is the infrastructure? Are you taking steps to simplify it? We have an unusual platform in a lot of senses. It is an event-driven platform that has the properties we need to do what we want to, in terms of scaling and the cloud. We use event sourcing as a system of record, which was unusual and scaled for us. It is extremely flexible and can be scalable if done right. We have a very strong focus on microservices. We have more than 1,000 microservices in our production environment right now. Each piece of code is nicely encapsulated in small services, nice properties for scaling and decoupling the system. We get fantastic utilisation out of our machines because they are cheaper to run. We were native to the public cloud. We took a big bet on Microsoft Azure and that worked out perfectly for us. Our systems run 100pc in the public cloud and to do that effectively really requires a deep understanding of the nuance of the underlying fabric. It came with a lot of challenges but when we came out the other side, we were in a fanatic position with the foundations of a massively scalable business that would work. Do you have a large in-house IT team? Since the Wal-Mart takeover, I am responsible for some of the technologies in the greater Wal-Mart world as well. But within the context of Jet.com, I have around 200 people reporting to me right now but we are looking to double the team over the next 12 months – 180 people between Dublin and Hoboken. I also work with 300 people on the west coast in the Wal-Mart context. Jet.com has been in Dublin for the last year. We have close to 20 people on site here and we’ve had fantastic success here so far. Some of the thinking around Dublin was: ‘How do we have a team that is not based on the east coast of the US, who can help diversify our engineering and hiring, and help with doing some of the risky releases we do overnight that happen at 4am east coast time, which is 9am Dublin time?’. Dublin really works from that perspective. We also wanted a team on the ground contributing to the larger platform, a team that would take ownership of significant projects at Jet.com. The reason we did it this way was to attract the calibre of staff who want to feel they have a seat at the table of the greater Jet.com technology group. We were very mindful from day one to make Dublin an equal partner to Hoboken, and that they would get the meaty projects and fun stuff to do, and not just view themselves as an ops team. What do you think of the talent pool in Dublin? The talent pool in Dublin is incredible. Every major tech company in the US has a presence in Dublin, from Microsoft to Google and Twitter. We typically attract talent from all over Europe as well as Ireland. I split my time between the east and west coast of the US. Jet.com is small enough in the greater Wal-Mart picture that we have plenty of flexibility, in terms of the numbers of people we hire. We have fantastic offices on Merrion Square to grow the team very quickly. We are all systems go. What other projects do you have lined up for the year, and what will they contribute to the business? We are only getting started on what we are trying to achieve here. Amazon is obviously massive and Jet.com is a minnow by comparison, so we have many engineering challenges that we are going to have to focus on in the coming years. Jet distributes its data across a number of data centers and geographies so a strong understanding of distributed systems theory is important for our platform engineers. We are doing a lot in the States around personalisation, taking huge data sets from machine learning and figuring out how we leverage for a better customer experience and apply that across different problem spaces. Machine learning will be applied to search along with personalisation and recommendations. Another big engineering challenge will be around how we match products. It sounds simple on paper but is, in fact, one of the biggest problems in e-commerce. We accurately match 70m products and, at any one point in time, 25m of those are for sale on our site. There will be a lot of engineering work and data science work trying to improve matching algorithms. If you really want to leverage and get value out of data sets, you have to get really good at handling petabytes of data in ways that make sense. In-Depth: Five-Minute CIO Related: e-commerce, Cloud, engineering, software Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Enterprise The five-minute CIO: Chris Donnelly, BWG Group 24 Feb 2017139 Shares Hiring Now Be part of a globally successful team A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Think for impact with Liberty IT. Delivering global software solutions Enterprise The five-minute CIO: Helen Dixon, Data Protection Commissioner 17 Feb 2017394 Shares Enterprise The five-minute CIO: PK Agarwal, Northeastern University-Silicon Valley 10 Feb 20178 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Jobs Microsoft reveals major 600-job expansion for Dublin 17 Feb 2017645 Shares Companies The most dangerous wall is a closed mind 6 Feb 201761 Shares Companies Clouds form as Oracle snaps up DNS provider Dyn 21 Nov 201633 Shares Latest News UL leading new €4.9m study into cleaner carbon fibre future 33 minutes ago What do you know about Komodo dragons? 1 hour ago Hailo’s goodbye: Popular taxi app becomes Mytaxi 2 hours ago Start-up of the week: Future Ticketing 2 hours ago As level of unemployment falls in Ireland, look to career development 2 days ago Physicists develop ‘supersolid’ that flows like a liquid, endlessly 2 days ago The five-minute CIO: Mike Hanrahan, co-founder, Jet.com 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: For the entrepreneurs who shine 2 days ago Facebook encourages users to go ‘as Gaeilge’ for SnaG 2 days ago IoT global round-up: Cloud teaching, Qualcomm and bears 2 days ago A single typo brought Amazon Web Services to a grinding halt 2 days ago Autism App wins top prize at 2017 BT Young Scientist Business Bootcamp 2 days ago Spotify model is proving its worth as paid subscribers soar 2 days ago Delivering a ‘double whammy’ against ovarian cancer 2 days ago Which of these 31 start-ups has what it takes to impress Google? 2 days ago 5 things you shouldn’t lie about in a job interview 2 days ago Researchers code entire movie and operating system into DNA 2 days ago Fitness and health tools driving wearable market to record levels 2 days ago Bringing blockchain to the world of food traceability 2 days ago Evidence of ancient mega-flood found on surface of Mars 3 days ago Career Zoo workshops will introduce tech jobseekers to the industry 3 days ago Dylan Collins’s TotallyAwesome raises $2m to power kid-safe digital ads in Asia 3 days ago Eir taking ComReg to High Court over fault repair demands 3 days ago Interxion to ‘power on’ €28m data centre in west Dublin 3 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Will Target CEO Brian Cornell Be Fired? By Douglas A. McIntyre February 28, 2017 11:55 am EST Print Email Tweet CEO Brian Cornell has been turning around Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT) since mid-2014. He was brought on board to fix a company reeling from a massive data breach that affected over 70 million customers under predecessor Gregg Steinhafel. The turnaround is in tatters, particularly based on Target’s most recent earnings. As a result of poor fourth-quarter figures and an equally weak forecast, Target shares have dropped the most they have in 45 years, since the company went public. The drop was as much as 14% to $57. Over $5 billion in market cap has disappeared in one day. Target appears to suffer from the same trouble as a number of other retailers. However, the problem is one its larger rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) has navigated away from. Wal-Mart recently traded just below its 52-week high. Modestly positive same-store sales and the belief that its e-commerce plan has sharply improved have created a positive image on Wall Street. Target reported: Target Corporation today announced its fourth quarter and full-year 2016 results. The Company reported GAAP earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations of $1.46 in fourth quarter and $4.58 for full-year 2016, compared with $2.31 and $5.25 in 2015, respectively. Also: Target’s 2017 guidance reflects the impact of the Company’s transition to a new financial model, which will be covered in the Company’s meeting with the financial community later today. In first quarter 2017, Target expects a low-to-mid single digit decline in comparable sales, and both GAAP EPS from continuing operations and Adjusted EPS of $0.80 to $1.00. For full-year 2017, Target expects a low-single digit decline in comparable sales, and both GAAP EPS from continuing operations and Adjusted EPS of $3.80 to $4.20. One thing that retailers with deteriorating results have discovered is that significant improvement is nearly impossible. One solution Macy’s and J.C. Penney have opted for is closing stores. Target has just over 1,770 stores, and the count has been at approximately that level for four years. If there is a logical time for Cornell to shutter locations, it is now. Cornell was introduced to the financial community as a highly skilled operator. When he was appointed, Roxanne S. Austin, interim nonexecutive chair of the board, said: As we seek to aggressively move Target forward and establish the company as a top omnichannel retailer, we focused on identifying an extraordinary leader who could bring vision, focus and a wealth of experience to Target’s transformation. If anything, Target has dropped out of the top omnichannel retailer tier. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « Where the Snap IPO Can Go From Here Why Valeant Missed the Mark Despite an Earnings Beat » Read more: Retail, CEO Performance, Corporate Governance, Corporate Performance, Target (NYSE:TGT), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Employer in Every State The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Iconic Job in Every State The Richest Town in Every State 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America The Bull Market Turns 8 Years Old: Shocking News Headlines Then Versus Now Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club JPMorgan, Intel Sink DJIA on Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Douglas Dynamics Overcomes a Weak Winter Apple Stock Nears $140: Still a Buy? 4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,964.99 France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,968.75 U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,359.58 Why Is Nokia (NOK) Up 9.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Computer Sciences (CSC) Up 11% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Why Is Sirius XM (SIRI) Up 7.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Snap slumps 12 percent, closes at lowest since IPO Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns VW CEO sees no immediate trouble from PSA-Opel deal Australia's Economy Avoids Recession China Shares Edge Up on Tech Gains Nikkei Closes Lower, Small Caps Buck Trend Republicans Just Made It Easier For Companies To Exploit Workers Donald Trump Will Decide Whether You Get Overtime Pay White House Lifts Several Sentences From Exxon Mobil Press Release Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Is Acting More Like Amazon, but That May Not Help Its Shareholders The world's largest retailer has been making the right strategic moves, but the stock has still been a laggard. Here's why that will continue. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Mar 3, 2017 at 9:39AM Give Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) some credit. After years of being asleep at the retail wheel, under the leadership of CEO Doug McMilllon, the company is finally responding to the biggest threat it faces: Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). Over the past year or so, Wal-Mart made several decisions to make itself more competitive as retail shopping patterns shift. The company raised its minimum wage to $10/hour and revamped its training and promotion process in an attempt to improve store performance. The decision seemed to be a result of management's realization that operating a bare-bones business to keep prices down and squeeze out profits is no longer a viable long-term strategy. Wal-Mart's customer satisfaction scores have long lagged the industry, a sharp contrast to those of Amazon and rival Costco Wholesale, which rank at the top of the retail sector. Image source: Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart also took the bold step of acquiring the start-up e-commerce business Jet.com for $3.3 billion last summer. Some critics derided the move, saying Wal-Mart overpaid for a company that was barely a year old, while others called it an "acqui-hire," implying that Wal-Mart bought the company just to bring founder Marc Lore on board. But Wal-Mart has deep pockets, and it needs to ramp up its e-commerce business as fast as possible. Already the move seems be having a positive effect, as Wal-Mart's e-commerce growth accelerated to 29% in the fourth quarter, up from just single digits earlier in the year. Strategically, the company is also becoming more aggressive as it unveiled free two-day shipping for orders over $35, a move that prompted Amazon to follow suit, lowering its free-shipping minimum to match Wal-Mart.  Since it purchased Jet, Wal-Mart has made some smaller e-commerce acquisitions and aggressively expanded its online grocery pickup program. The company also sharply scaled back new store opening this year in order to invest in its current store base and improve e-commerce operations. Why it may not pay off for shareholders The strategic shift is clear. Like Amazon, Wal-Mart is showing it's willing to sacrifice profits to build its business for the long-term. Profits shrunk this year due to the wage hike, and they are expected to remain flat. Management has projected them to grow modestly next year. However, while becoming more like Amazon by embracing e-commerce, sacrificing short-term profits, and improving the customer experience is the right thing to do for the business, it may not do much to push Wal-Mart's stock higher. That's because investors perceive the two stocks differently. Amazon Founder Jeff Bezos told investors he was building a company for the long-term from its inception. Though his business has put up scant profits throughout its history, investors have made it one of the most valuable companies on the market. Amazon has continued to hold a triple-digit earnings valuation as it has consistently delivered strong revenue growth, and developed valuable competitive advantages in areas like e-commerce and cloud computing that are expected to translate into profits over the years to come. Wal-Mart, on the other hand, is valued as a traditional retailer. It carries a P/E ratio of 15, which seems fair for its growth prospects and competitive position. Wal-Mart's shareholders own the stock because it has been a reliable dividend payer, not for its growth prospects. Amazon has earned the right to be treated as an exception. Wal-Mart has not. Even as the company transitions to challenge Amazon more directly, the stock is unlikely to move higher unless the company can demonstrate strong revenue or profit growth, which seem likely to be modest over the coming years even with the aggressive moves recently.  Making Wal-Mart's situation even more challenging is the near certainty that Amazon will continue to expand and enhance its operations. Wal-Mart may be paddling faster, but the water's only rising. Amazon is constantly building new fulfillment centers to speed up deliveries, and the Wall Street Journal said the company had plans to open up as many as 2,000 grocery stores across the country over the next ten years. Amazon denied that story, but the company did unveil its new Amazon Go convenience store, with technology that precludes cashiers, in December. Warren Buffett acknowledged Wal-Mart's challenges in a recent CNBC interview explaining why he sold nearly all of his stake in the company. Buffett called retailing "too tough," adding about Amazon, "That is a tough, tough, tough competitive force. Now Walmart is pushing forward online themselves. They have got all kinds of strengths, but I just decided that I'd look for a little easier game." Investors may want to consider Buffett's wisdom. The upshot for Wal-Mart shareholders seems to be that the company will continue to make needed improvements, but it will likely be years before the stock sees a significant response to those efforts. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Mar 3, 2017 at 9:39AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $846.61 down $-3.27 (-0.38%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.88 down $0.15 (-0.21%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $166.73 down $-3.53 (-2.07%) Read More Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Wal-Mart Tried to Take on Amazon Prime and Failed Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Wal-Mart Is Acting More Like Amazon, but That May Not Help Its Shareholders @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $COST
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Staples to take over as SpartanNash CEO Mar 06, 2017 Kroger’s ID sales fall in Q4, ending 13-year streak Mar 02, 2017 Publix comps up 2.2% in Q4 Mar 01, 2017 Dollar Tree beats estimates on margin expansion Mar 01, 2017 Muted outlook for Kroger in Q4 Feb 27, 2017 Featured Gallery: Uncle Giuseppe’s highlights fresh Mar 03, 2017 How to entice Millennial meat eaters Mar 03, 2017 Hy-Vee transitions to fair trade tuna Mar 02, 2017 Viewpoint: Top 5 grocery trends for 2017 Mar 02, 2017 Top Retailers>Kroger Is Kroger a victim of its own success? Observers react to a rare slip; competitors make up ground Jon Springer | Mar 02, 2017 As Kroger Co. was pummeling the industry over the past decade, officials frequently emphasized that its results were never about low prices alone but about low prices in combination with other elements of the shopping experience ranging from freshness to selection to formats to checkout speed. This all-encompassing, consumer-centric approach was something of an exclusive recipe at Kroger, which not only delivered comparable-store sales results more consistently than anyone, but often, beat them decisively. On Thursday, while reviewing a rare quarter in which ID sales not only fell but were worse than several competitors who’d reported their results over a similar period, Kroger officials made a familiar acknowledgement: Competitors had improved, and it wasn’t only about price. “There is no doubt several competitors are improving and running better stores,” Rodney McMullen, Kroger’s CEO, said in response to an analyst’s question during the retailer’s conference call reviewing its fourth quarter financial results. “That is really clear when you go into their stores, and it's much broader than just Walmart.” Walmart, riding the benefits of recent price and service initiatives, was among several of Kroger’s competitors — Publix Super Markets, Ahold Delhaize and Sprouts Farmers Markets were others — that posted comparable-store gains during this reporting period, while Kroger saw its non-fuel identical-stores decline by 0.7%. It marked the first quarter of comp declines for Kroger since the third quarter of fiscal 2003, 13 years ago, and the second straight quarter during which Walmart’s U.S. comps beat Kroger. That hadn’t happened since 2009.  Chris Mandeville, an analyst following Kroger for Jefferies, acknowledged these retailers to an extent have “gone to school” on Kroger and are realizing the benefits. “It seems like Kroger has provided the roadmap to success, and you’re just now seeing other conventionals and mass merchandisers elevate their game, either in-store, or by sharpening their pencils on price,” Mandeville said. “But after so many years of price investment, leveraging their industry leading data analytics to identify sales trends early and drive sales, it could really be that Kroger is just seeing its returns diminish somewhat,” he added. “And others that are in the earlier age of the cycle are realizing a greater lift.” “I hate to say it but they’re kind of a victim of their own success,” added Diana Sheehan, director of insights at Kantar Retail. “A year ago they were significantly outperforming the competitors that are now outperforming them. That’s in part because as you have a killer quarter it’s hard to rebound and surpass that. But you saw Walmart address the issues its shoppers had with customer service. You’ve seen Aldi doing a pretty good job in fresh. It’s really an interesting dynamic. I don’t think Kroger needs to reinvent itself, but they need to look around and find out where is the next place they need to innovate.” Kroger said a combination of factors played into results — chiefly, the effects of deflation, but officials also cited competition and internal factors. For example, the brisk pace of store renovations and relocations took 35 stores out of the base of at least one-year-old stores that are measured to calculate comps, resulting in a 70-basis point hit. Kroger did about twice as many store renovation projects in 2016 than it did two years ago, McMullen said. Price competition was a concern “in some pockets,” McMullen acknowledged, but also said that was normal. He added that comp sales among Kroger’s loyal households gained slightly during the quarter, “so it's really the customer that’s very loyal to us is where we're seeing [effects of competition]. That would be [shoppers] more driven by value or on a budget, than mainstream customers that really value the experience and the freshness of our product and other aspects.”  Burt P. Flickinger III, managing director of Strategic Resource Group, New York, maintained that Kroger remained well positioned to regain its stride but did not have the benefit of industry events like the Haggen bankruptcy providing opportunity for share gain during the period. “They’re facing more All-Pro, A-level competition than they used to,” Flickinger told SN. “And less B, C, D, E and F.” TAGS: Marketing 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Sponsored Content The Next Wave of Private LabelFeb 22, 2017 Checking Out AutismFeb 08, 2017 The 2017 Top 75 — Sales OverviewJan 20, 2017 2016 SN Top 75 U.S. and Canadian Food Retailers and WholesalersJan 14, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Receives $14.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Hudbay Minerals Inc (hbm) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.01 on March 31st Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th ITV plc (ITV) Receives Buy Rating from Shore Capital International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Shore Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) to Hold Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Position Decreased by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Posted by William Strong on Mar 3rd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet MUFG Americas Holdings Corp cut its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 0.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 127,011 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 685 shares during the period. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $8,779,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Piershale Financial Group Inc. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Vantage Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Vantage Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,118 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $153,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the last quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.5% in the third quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC now owns 2,549 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $184,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 3,646 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the third quarter. Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC now owns 2,576 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $186,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 70.76 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $68.37 and a 200 day moving average price of $70.06. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 1-year low of $62.72 and a 1-year high of $75.19. The firm has a market capitalization of $216.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.16 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.49 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.88%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 43.48%. “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Position Decreased by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp” was posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/03/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-position-decreased-by-mufg-americas-holdings-corp.html. A number of analysts recently weighed in on WMT shares. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, November 19th. Piper Jaffray Companies restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 price target on the stock. MKM Partners set a $72.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $74.60. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 12,617,391 shares of company stock worth $900,745,763. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Sells 236 Shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Next » G4S (GFSZY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Report: The Likelihood of a Tax Audit Reaches New Low 8 of the Richest Women in History 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 10 Best Savings Account Promotions Available Now How to Choose a High-Yield Savings Account 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Here’s How Often CD Rates Change Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News How to Choose the Best Bonds for Your Financial Plan Valuation Grows to $33 Billion as Snap Inc. Begins Trading on NYSE 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News How Your Retirement Age Impacts Your Social Security Benefits 20 Unsettling Things You Need to Know About Social Security 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference How to Avoid Overdraft Fees 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News 5 VIP Private Banking Services You Never Knew Existed How to Stop a Bank Levy 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips The Top 10 Most Exclusive Black Cards You Don’t Know About How Credit Card Balance Transfers Work 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Saving Money > Saving Money Tips > 8 Healthy Eats You Can Get for Less at Whole Foods 8 Healthy Eats You Can Get for Less at Whole FoodsItems such as salmon, spices and produce cost less at Whole Foods vs. Walmart. By Fred Decker | March 3, 2017 Read More Whole Foods Market has a well-deserved reputation for being a premium retailer with a strong focus on natural, organic and sustainable foods. It also has a reputation for high prices, which is only partly deserved. If your grocery list skews toward healthful foods, Whole Foods can actually be a lower-cost option than mainstream supermarkets despite its commitment to higher quality. A recent comparison turned up value pricing on a number of healthy options across several product lines. The best bargains will vary depending on the time of year — watch for local produce in season, for example — but these examples will tell you where to look in your own local store to get a better deal at Whole Foods. tab62 / Shutterstock.com 1. Wild-Caught Sockeye Salmon For a versatile mealtime option, salmon can be appropriate for just about any cooking method imaginable. Its flesh is rich, mellow and flavorful, and it's high in heart-healthy omega-3 fatty acids. Wild-caught sockeye is a "best buy" or "good alternative" according to Seafood Watch, making it an ethical choice as well as a healthy one. Whole Foods price: $21.99/2 lbs., or $11/lb. (frozen fillet portions) Walmart Supercenter price: $10.90/12 oz., or $14.53/lb. (frozen fillet portions) Also See: How You Can Save Hundreds on Groceries Elena Veselova / Shutterstock.com 2. Organic Spring Mix Having your own garden filled with tender baby lettuces would be ideal for salad-lovers, but it's not always a practical option. For the rest of us, store-bought spring mix is the best alternative. The organic 365 store brand spring mix at Whole Foods Market worked out to be cheaper than the comparable Walmart brand by about 20 cents per pound. Whole Foods price: $1.99/4 oz., or $7.96/lb. Walmart Supercenter price: $2.56/5 oz., or $8.19/lb. Brent Hofacker / Shutterstock.com 3. Organic Steel-Cut Oats Your local Whole Foods market can be a cost-effective place to pick up healthy whole grains, especially if you go to the bulk section. Consider the market's steel-cut oats, for example. Not only are they an unusually virtuous breakfast — they can lower your bad cholesterol and blood pressure, moderate your blood sugars and improve your digestion — you can also prepare them risotto-style for dinner. Whole Foods price: $1.69/lb. Walmart Supercenter price: $2.88/24 oz., or $1.92/lb. HalynaBahlyk / Shutterstock.com 4. Organic Raisins One of the simplest ways to improve your diet is replacing unhealthy snacks with better ones. Raisins are a perfect example; you can eat them all on their own or use them as a sweetening ingredient in your own homemade granola bars or energy bars. Get these from the bulk section as well. Whole Foods price: $3.99/lb. Walmart Supercenter price: $2.79/10 oz., or $4.46/lb. Read: The Best Generic Brands to Save Money tarapong srichaiyos / Shutterstock.com 5. Bulk Spices Some spices are used sparingly and others in relatively large amounts. That's why purchasing in bulk, according to how much you need, makes more sense than buying them in standard-sized jars. Consider turmeric for example, currently a hot commodity because of its virtues as a natural anti-inflammatory. Whether you want a tablespoon for your favorite curry or a pound for your month's smoothies, this is where to get it. Whole Foods price: $14.99/lb. Walmart Supercenter price: $2.48/0.95 oz. jar, or $41.76/lb. Ahanov Michael / Shutterstock.com 6. Frozen Strawberries The most perishable of produce items are always difficult for retailers. Consider strawberries, for example. Durable varieties bred for long-haul shipping tend to have less flavor, but the tastiest ones tend to have poor shelf life. Frozen strawberries solve that problem neatly, preserving ripe and flavorful berries at their peak. Before you make your next smoothie, head to the frozen section at Whole Foods and prepare for a pleasant surprise. Whole Foods price: $1.99/lb. Walmart Supercenter price: $2.14/lb. Snowbelle / Shutterstock.com 7. Organic Frozen Peas The closest vegetable equivalent of frozen strawberries might be frozen baby peas. Fresh peas begin to lose their sweetness almost as soon as they're picked, so you'll seldom see them at the supermarket produce section. Buying them frozen is the best way to enjoy that fresh, early-summer flavor throughout the year. Whole Foods price: $2.39/lb. Walmart Supercenter price: $1.88/12 oz., or $2.51/lb. Flickr.com / Mike Mozart 8. Kind Bars No matter how dedicated you are to making your own food from healthy ingredients, there will be times you need a little something to get you through to the next meal. When those moments roll around, a Kind bar is a pretty healthful way to keep your appetite in check. They're less expensive if you pick them up at your nearest Whole Foods. Whole Foods price: $3.99 for five bars, or 80 cents per bar Walmart Supercenter price: $4.98 for four bars, or $1.25 per bar Up Next: Organic Foods That Aren't Worth Organic Prices Disclaimer: The price comparisons cited in this article were carried out at a Whole Foods Market and a Walmart Supercenter in Indianapolis, IN, between February 2 and 7, 2017. Your price might differ over time or with your geographic location. x Open a New Account Check Out the Next Article 7 Simple Ways to Save $2,000 for Your Summer Vacation Pay for your summer getaway with cash — here's how. Related Articles Whole Foods vs. Aldi — Which Store Is Better for Your Money? 8 Benefits of Walking That Will Save You Money What Stores Have the Best Deals for Your Holiday Dinner 50 Ways to Save Money on Your Thanksgiving Dinner People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research Target: Five Reasons Not to Own the Stock For starters, the best-case scenario seems to be a return to modest same-store-sales growth. March 2, 2017 6:59 a.m. ET Target (TGT: NYSE) By Credit Suisse ($58.77, Feb. 28, 2017) Reset events in retail can often represent buying opportunities, but we believe it’s tough to make this call on Target. While the 2017 outlook looks conservative enough and the stock seems washed out, we see no positive catalyst. The industry is entering a price war, Target’s (ticker: TGT) high-cost remodel program is unlikely to yield a reasonable return, digital... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business MWC 2017     Nintendo Switch Is On Sale Online Posted: Mar 3 2017, 1:20pm CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     As of midnight Eastern, the new $299.99 Nintendo Switch is on sale at online stores. Updated. The new Nintendo Switch has launched. While select retailers host midnight launches at their stores, the Nintendo Switch is also on sale now online. At midnight Eastern we have spotted the Nintendo Switch on sale for $299 at walmart.com.  Don't Miss: Today's Electronics Bargains at Woot.com Updates: 14:15am ET: Our internal tracking shows that Amazon.com has been selling the $299.99 Nintendo Swift Neon in the past hour for a couple of minutes. Right now it is sold out again. 14:00am ET: Walmart is back this afternoon selling the Switch online at Walmart.com, like they did in the early morning. As always buyers can use zoolert or NowInstock to get notified when the Switch is available online. Find the details below. There is no other way to score a Swift online as the inventories sell out in less than a minute. 12:30am ET: ToysRUs stores will have the Nintendo Switch in stock on Sunday. 11:30am ET:  ToysRUs and Jet.com have started to sell the Nintendo Switch online. As always buyers can use zoolert or NowInstock to get notified when the Switch is available online. Find the details below. 10:15am ET: Best Buy started to sell the $299.99 Nintendo Switch online at Bestbuy.com. 10:00am ET: The Nintendo Switch is available today at all Amazon Books stores. The Dedham, MA, store opens at 10am ET. Amazon said on Twitter this morning that there will be limited supply. Find all Amazon Books stores locations on amazon.com. 8:23am ET: Walmart.com has again sold the Nintendo Switch online. Right now keeping an eye on walmart.com is the best option to buy a Nintendo Switch online. As always buyers can use zoolert or NowInstock to get notified when the Switch is available online. Find the details below. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch are settling in at $400 to $450 on amazon.com. 4:30am ET: Walmart has offered both Nintendo Switch consoles again online at walmart.com between 4am and 4:30am ET. Inventories sold out in minutes. 3:30am ET: Amazon Tweets that the Nintendo Switch is available on Amazon Prime Now in select cities: LA, San Diego, Virginia Beach, Portland, and Las Vegas. If the Switch will be also on sale on amazon.com today is not clear yet. We caught a snapshot of the Nintendo Switch on Amazon Prime Now in San Diego: Amazon has sold the Switch through Amazon Prime Now earlier in Nashville, Austin, Dallas, Houston, and San Antonio. We assume that Amazon will make the Switch available through Prime Now in other cities throughout Friday morning. Getting the Nintendo Switch with Amazon Prime Now is instant gratification as Amazon delivers the new console to you in 2 hours after ordering for free. 1:15am ET: The Nintendo Switch Bundles at GameStop.com are on sale now online, selling out fast. 12:10am ET: The Nintendo Switch sale online at walmart.com lasted for 5 minutes. At this point it is not clear if Walmart will have more Switch inventory online on Friday. We expect Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Target and ToysRUs to release the Nintendo Switch online at midnight Pacific. Best Buy and Target have marked their Switch listings with coming soon. GameStop is listing several Nintendo Switch bundles, that are likely to be available online starting early Friday morning. Where to Buy the Nintendo Switch Online Amazon  Best Buy  GameStop  Target  ToysRUs The initial online pre-order of the Nintendo Switch has sold out and launch day is the best option to get a Switch in stores or online. Nintendo lists six official stores that sell the Nintendo Switch including Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, ToysRUs and Target. Other stores have also listed the Switch including NewEgg, Fry's, BHPPhotoVideo and Nintendo's own store. We expect the Switch to be sold out after Friday and go down a similar route as other successful Nintendo consoles before. The Wii was a hard to find console and the surprise NES Classic hit is still very hard to find, months after its release. The Nintendo Switch is expected to sell out on launch day and will be hard to find for weeks or even months after launch. Resellers are already preparing to snag up as many Switch consoles to resell them on eBay. Resellers have not yet settled on a profit margin as it is not clear yet how hard the Switch will be to find on launch day. The listings prices are all over the place, ranging from $400 to $1,000. We already received a Nintendo Switch on Thursday that we are giving away. Enter the I4U News Nintendo Switch Giveaway now to get a chance to win a free Nintendo Switch. Nintendo said to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March. The 2 million are for the global market. We believe the number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out will be very difficult for an extended time. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in stock online To track online inventory and get alerts, shoppers can use zoolert and NowInStock. Both inventory tracker have already setup the Nintendo Switch trackers. We also recommend to use the Chrome browser extension Page Monitor Pro to monitor Nintendo Switch product pages in the hours ahead of the release. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in stock in stores Once the Switch is released, consumers can use BrickSeek to try to find a Switch in stock at Walmart Stores and Target Stores. The Target DPCI for the Nintendo Switch console with neon blue and neon red Joy-Con is 207-29-1001. The DPCI for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 207-29-1000. The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. We will provide continues updates about the availability of the Nintendo Switch. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nokia opens pre-orders for Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 14 hours ago, 11:43am CST Latest Live Images of Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked 15 hours ago, 11:11am CST Netflix Plans to Launch New Interactive Storytelling Technology to Allow Viewers Decide Fate of TV Dramas 20 hours ago, 6:07am CST Facebook Kicks off "Small Test" for Messenger Reactions 21 hours ago, 5:32am CST Amazon Tipped to be Working on a Alexa device that Connects Users 21 hours ago, 5:17am CST NOAA Goes-16 Satellite Sends First Images of Lightning from Space 2 hours ago Mars May Have Been Wetter Than Previously Thought 4 hours ago First Photos of Lin Manuel Miranda on the Set of Mary Poppins 5 hours ago You Feel Lonely Because of Spending Too Much Time on Social Media 5 hours ago iHeartRadio Music Awards: All You Need to Know 5 hours ago Will Gray Goo Cause The End of Civilization? 8 hours ago California’s San Joaquin Valley is Sinking at an Alarming Rate 13 hours ago, 12:46pm CST What is ASMR? Explanations, Examples, and The Science Behind the 13 hours ago, 12:38pm CST iPhone 8 to enter mass production this September 15 hours ago, 11:32am CST Nintendo Switch Goes Through An iFixit Teardown 15 hours ago, 11:22am CST Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Switch is On Sale Online Bees Learn to Play Football   Porsche Panamera Sport Turismo Debuts at Geneva Motor Show 2017 NES Classic in Stock Updates on Nintendo Switch Launch Day Technology News Nokia opens pre-orders for Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 14 hours ago, 11:43am CST Latest Live Images of Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked 15 hours ago, 11:11am CST Netflix Plans to Launch New Interactive Storytelling Technology to Allow Viewers Decide Fate of TV Dramas 20 hours ago, 6:07am CST Facebook Kicks off "Small Test" for Messenger Reactions 21 hours ago, 5:32am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News NOAA Goes-16 Satellite Sends First Images of Lightning from Space 2 hours ago Mars May Have Been Wetter Than Previously Thought 4 hours ago First Photos of Lin Manuel Miranda on the Set of Mary Poppins 5 hours ago You Feel Lonely Because of Spending Too Much Time on Social Media 5 hours ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Latest ... Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending ... Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates Geneva Motor Show 2017 MWC 2017 E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Tuesday, Mar 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Wal-Mart launching new comparison test in price war REUTERS Published on Feb. 28, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print A worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge BENTONVILLE, Ark. — Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is running a new price-comparison test in at least 1,200 U.S. stores and squeezing packaged goods suppliers in a bid to close a pricing gap with German-based discount grocery chain Aldi and other U.S. rivals like Kroger Co., according to four sources familiar with the moves. Wal-Mart launched a price test across 11 Midwest and Southeastern states such as Iowa, Illinois, and Florida, focusing on price competition in the grocery business that accounts for 56 percent of the company’s revenue, said vendor sources with direct knowledge of the matter who did not wish to be identified for fear of disrupting business relations with Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart’s tests are aimed at finding the right price point across a range of products that will attract more shoppers, and then adjusting prices as needed. Spot checks by Reuters on a basket of grocery items sold by competing Aldi and Wal-Mart stores in five Iowa and Illinois cities showed Wal-Mart’s bid to lower prices is already taking hold.  Wal-Mart consistently offered lower prices versus Aldi, an improvement over recent analyst estimates that Wal-Mart’s prices have been as much as 20 percent higher than Aldi on many grocery staples. The competition at these stores is intense, with both selling a dozen large eggs for less than a dollar. Related Items Wal-Mart Stores , Prices , aldi , kroger co. Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Chicago News Synagogue hate crime suspect an educated, suburban accountant Chicago News Monday marks 8 days without a fatal shooting in Chicago Chicago Trump’s revised travel ban still inspires protests in Chicago Chicago Chance the Rapper’s charity includes two Rahm Emanuel allies Business Man admits faking Heisman Trophy as part of $10M scam Books Please, date my husband, Chicago author with cancer writes Chicago News Kapos: Oakley visits Orr as team deals with surrounding violence Nation/World Supreme Court won’t rule on transgender bathroom rights case Chicago Man cleared of double murder takes cops, prosecutors to trial Chicago Gangs reap guns from trains in violent Chicago neighborhoods 56° News Trending Chicago Public Schools Crime Life on a Ledge News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Opinion Home Lifestyles Home Autos Obits Education Crime Business Chicago Transportation Sponsored Content News Chicago News 03/02/2017, 08:09pm Woman charged with fighting officer, Wal-Mart employees in Skokie Marie E. Roberge | Skokie police Sun-Times Wire email Sign-Up for our News & Politics Newsletter  Sign-Up A woman has been charged for fighting with two Wal-Mart employees and striking a police officer Thursday afternoon in north suburban Skokie. About 4:30 p.m., officers responded to Wal-Mart, 3626 Touhy Ave., for a call of a disturbance inside the store, according to Skokie police. Marie E. Roberge got into a physical altercation with a Wal-Mart employee when the store refused to cash her check, police said. Roberge then fought the employee, left the store and went inside a PNC Bank on the same block, police said. When officers entered the bank, a struggle ensued between Roberge, the officer and a Wal-Mart Loss Prevention Agent, police said. Roberge punched the officer in the face and also struck the agent. The officer was transported to a hospital for minor injuries and later released, police said. The store employees were treated on the scene by the Skokie Fire Department and released. Roberge was taken into custody and charged with two misdemeanor counts of battery and one felony count of aggravated battery to a police officer, police said. Roberge, 40, of Skokie, will remain in custody and appear in bond court Friday, police said. Charges are pending against a woman for fighting with two employees of Wal-Mart and striking a police officer on Thursday in north suburban Skokie. |Network Video Productions # Crime Marie E. Roberge Skokie Previously from Chicago News Gangs reap guns from trains in violent Chicago neighborhoods – Chicago Sun-Times Man cleared of double murder takes cops, prosecutors to trial – Chicago Sun-Times Please, date my husband, Chicago author with cancer writes – Chicago Sun-Times Synagogue hate crime suspect an educated, suburban accountant Stories from around the web you may like Currently Trending dear abby Dear Abby: Guy won't like me once he sees me chicago news Synagogue hate crime suspect an educated, suburban accountant chicago Gangs reap guns from trains in violent Chicago neighborhoods chicago Man cleared of double murder takes cops, prosecutors to trial – Chicago Sun-Times chicago news 9 children found living in squalor in Englewood home hospitalized CAPTION Post to Cancel
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project Changes to Arkansas Works would lower income, require work, cut around 60,000 from benefit access U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project UCA program to host startup pitch contests and events for K-12 Video / Podcasts U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics AEDC’s Mike Preston: Trump a factor in full project pipeline, wary of bills affecting Arkansas’ image Sen. Cotton: ‘I expect to be very active’ in Obamacare replacement White House amenable to medical marijuana laws, but states should ‘abide by’ federal law on recreational use Sen. Cotton: In ‘second quarter’ of Russian investigation, which is expanding Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail American Trucking Association praises DOT report on hours of service restriction Big rig orders in North America increase 28% in February WorkHound announces $500,000 investment to grow company The Supply Side: Walmart.com revamp could include limited marketplace access Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Liquor stores owners bruised by second vote on grocery store wine bill, prepare for one last fight Latest NewsTalk PoliticsTourism by Wesley Brown (wesbrocomm@gmail.com) 4 days ago 430 views  Tags: wine sales 0 SHARES Share Tweet One day after a bruising, rules-bending fight on the House floor, opponents of legislation that would allow Arkansas stores to sell a wider selection of wines are ramping up for one last attempt to halt the legislation before it becomes law. On Wednesday, the Arkansas House approved an amended Senate Bill 284 and re-referred it back to the Senate State Agencies and Governmental Affairs Committee. The circuitous route to the Senate panel began last week after the House Rules Committee advanced a bill to the full body that included a six-page amendment. Opponents of SB284, who were celebrating on Monday after the bill was defeated, are now angrily striking out at lawmakers after the legislation was brought back up two days later and the sponsors found a few extra votes to get it approved. That left dozens of angry liquor store owners saying the legislative process had let them down. Many are now circulating letters and emails warning that many of them will go out of business once Wal-Mart and other grocery store operators are allowed to sell two of its three main products, which include beer, wine and liquor. Tom Smith, owner of Spirits Liquor in Little Rock, said he didn’t understand the process and now believes some lawmakers were beholden to Wal-Mart and other lobbyists behind the drafting of SB284. “It seems now if you lose, you get a second chance as long as you can get someone on the losing side to make a motion to reconsider,” Smith said. “We heard a lot of anecdotal evidence of Wal-Mart ‘paid’ pressure over the last couple of days to get these lawmakers to switch their vote.” The original bill by Sen. Bart Hester, R-Cave Springs, would have enabled grocery stores to obtain permits to sell wines of all types in local grocery stores. Grocery store chains operating in Arkansas, such as Walmart U.S., Kroger’s, Edwards Food Giant and Brookshire’s, now can only sell Arkansas and other small farm wines that produce less than 250,000 gallons of wine a year. That earlier Senate bill also spelled out potential revenue the state would generate from increased wine sales. For example, a grocery store seeking a wine permit would pay $1,000 for building space of less than 35,001 square feet. Larger stores with space over 75,000 square feet would pay $5,000 for wine permits. That version also allowed fees from the wine permits to be equally divided between the “Arkansas Wine Grant” program and the Tourism Development Trust Fund, which would be designated to the Department of Parks and Tourism to promote the state’s wine industry. The newly negotiated amended bill adds eight additional provisions to the engrossed bill. Those new provisions include allowing liquor store owners to sell consumable and edible products that complement alcoholic beverages, giving incentives to Arkansas-bonded wineries operating in state more than five years, preventing dry counties from getting into the wine business, and adding language that grocery stores with a wine permit cannot derive more than 20% of their gross sales from the sale of alcoholic beverages. On Monday, legislators debated how best to allow the liquor industry to participate in a free market environment. Rep. Sarah Capp, R-Ozark, said the bill would allow more individual choice and warned that if legislators do not pass the bill, voters would initiate more liberal alcohol laws as they did with the Medical Marijuana Amendment, and as Oklahoma voters did allowing beer and wine in grocery stores. “The times are changing, and we have to adapt to the market,” Capp said. “Any business that assumes that this is going to continue long-term has a flaw in their business plan.” Despite strong backing from Wal-Mart and a coalition of small winery owners and state-line liquor stores, Hester’s bill fell three votes short of passing the House, 48-34, with 12 voting present and six not voting. Rep. Greg Leding, D-Fayetteville, who voted no, served notice that he would move to reconsider the vote. On Wednesday, with dozens of liquor store owners in the House gallery carrying “Vote No on SB284” signs and wearing similar T-shirts, the House reconsidered after a floor motion by Leding was approved to bring it up again. After making the motion, Leding said he wanted to allow everyone in the House to get an opportunity to vote on the issue. “This probably isn’t the most important issue that a lot of us have come down here to deal with, we come here to address hunger, education and that kind of thing, but it is an important issue,” said the Fayetteville lawmaker. “We’ve got small business owners across the state invested in this …, and we want everyone down here to get a chance to vote on this.” But Republican lawmakers Jana Della Rosa of Rogers and Jim Hendren of Gravette cautioned fellow House members from setting the precedent of bringing defeated measures back to the floor. “I want you to think very carefully about this one. We’ve already had our debate on this …, so I would ask that you not vote for this,” Della Rosa said. “The purpose for a motion of reconsideration … is not meant to be used as a second chance so that the first time around you can whip the vote, and then in the meantime you can turn around and lean on people and come back and do it again.” Still, Leding’s motion was approved by 48-34, with six members not voting and 12 present. Immediately afterward, the bill was approved by a vote of 53-34. Eight members did not participate and four voted present. On Thursday, Smith and some of the other liquor store owners said there may be “some sympathies” in the Senate to now defeat SB284 after the unusual events in the House. Meanwhile, opponents of another contentious bill that was defeated in the House on Wednesday are hoping they don’t suffer the same fate as the liquor store owners. Students and administrators from Crowley Ridge Technical Institute were at the Capitol on Thursday, saying they had heard that lawmakers were going to run HB1543 again. That bill was defeated by a vote of 49-21, with 30 members not voting on the legislation. Like Leding, Rep. Danny Watson, R-Hope, served notice after the vote he would bring the legislation back at a later date. Watson also voted no on the measure that is a part of Gov. Asa Hutchinson’s efficiency efforts to streamline state government. Comments comments Previous post Gov. Beebe says Arkansas leaders can heal political divides, work together and avoid ‘petty jealousies’ Next post Former Senator Jon Woods, others indicted on money laundering, fraud charges Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Frank D. Scott, Jr. How regulatory relief can be good for the economy Angela Grayson ‘The Slants’ and a challenge to trademark law Cal Rose Investing in medical marijuana is a high risk, high reward venture Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Latest Popular Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative 8 hours ago FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance 8 hours ago More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers 10 hours ago Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project 10 hours ago American Trucking Association praises DOT report on hours of service restriction 11 hours ago Legislative panel votes to ban marijuana smoking, edibles 2,547 views Denver company enters Northwest Arkansas apartment market with $53.3 million deal 2,081 views After heated debate, House panel Ok’s merger of Forrest City technical school into local community college 1,844 views Rep. Leding, others file bill to expand Arkansas civil rights to include sexual orientation, gender identity 1,788 views Report suggests USA Truck could again face a takeover attempt (Updated) 1,085 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 07, 4:16 AM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Nintendo Switch Buyer’s Guide: Where To Get A Console At Release With No Pre-Order By Christopher Groux On 03/02/17 AT 4:28 PM Close Nintendo Switch launch madness is upon us, and we want to make sure you get a console as soon as it releases. Even if you failed to find a pre-order, here’s how you can get lucky in the hours, days and weeks ahead. Wal-Mart: Of course Wal-Mart is doing something big for the Switch launch. At midnight tonight, its 24-hour Supercenters will begin selling neon and gray versions of the console in limited quantities. We’d expect the standard practice of tickets in line as well. To find your nearest Supercenter, just use the Wal-Mart store locator here and type in your zip code. If its hours are listed as 24 hours, those are the first places to look if you want one Friday. Beyond launch, simply use the store locator link above to get the telephone numbers of nearby stores. Call regularly over the next few days and weeks to learn when the next batch of shipments will arrive. GameStop: In similar fashion, 3,000 GameStops are participating in midnight launches too. Just go to the events page here and type in your zip code to see the list of options. Doors will open at 9.p.m. local time, so get there early. That’s especially true if you want bonus credit for trading in a Wii U, 3DS or any game. After launch, use the standard store locator here by typing in your zip code. Best Buy: Best Buy has a few hundred midnight launch locations as well, but they seem somewhat rare compared to Wal-Mart and GameStop’s offerings. Check out the events page for a full store locator. New details about the upcoming “Legend of Zelda” game have been released by Nintendo. Photo: YouTube/Nintendo The locator will also show your store’s hours for the rest of the week. If your store isn’t open at midnight, you may want to be there at 10 a.m. when the vast majority of stores open. Keep calling and asking about stock numbers regularly without being rude. Target: If you’d rather not stay up till midnight, Target will start selling the switch at 8 a.m. local time instead. As recapped earlier this week, each store is anticipated to get 35 to 70 consoles that will be sold via tickets in line. Use the store locator here if you want to know who to call. Some Of Those Stores You Wouldn’t Expect: It’s easy to think about the big box stores above when buying a major product, but there are plenty of other outlets that may get a few Switches even if they don’t focus on games. Think about the Kmarts and Sears’ of the world. Not many gaming enthusiasts will think to go there at launch, so you may luck out. There are probably other local chains in the same ilk no matter where you are. If you need some store locators. Try here and here. Just call the listed numbers and see what happens. eBay: If you simply couldn’t snag one from any of the avenues above, there’s always eBay. However, you should be aware that you’ll likely be paying a hefty fee from a scalper to get your console. At the time of writing, if we search Nintendo Switch, console pre-orders are being sold from $450 to $750. Those prices are only going to go up in the fervor of launch. In this particular case, we’d recommend eBay as a last resort for those who must have the console in its first few days. After all, if eBay is your poison, you’ll have to wait for shipment too. Nintendo Switch arrives March 3 for $299. Click here for even more midnight launch details. Are you hoping to get a Nintendo Switch without a pre-order? What’s your chosen method for getting the most coveted gaming goods? Tell us in the comments section! Related Stories ‘Ultra Street Fighter II’ Switch Release Date Is May 26 ‘The Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild’ Switch Vs. Wii U: Which Should You Buy? Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Business Markets Dip On Wiretap Accusations, Geopolitical Worries Tensions in Asia and President Donald Trump's accusation that his predecessor, Barack Obama, wiretapped him, prompted a dip in the stock market on Monday. Technology Pokémon Go Fatality: 67-Year-Old Dies While Playing Game Singapore resident Liang Weiming, a Level 28 Pokémon trainer having a Pokédex containing 200 Pokémon died seconds after he caught a Lapras in the game. World Malaysia Slams North Korea Over Temporary Travel Ban Early Monday, Pyongyang barred Malaysians from leaving the country in order to ensure the safety of its own diplomats and citizens in Malaysia. National Lexington Mosque Receives Bomb Threat Letter A mosque in Lexington, Kentucky, is beefing up security measures after it received a handwritten letter Saturday from England. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire destroys home near Ridgefield Arrest made in child abduction at hospital Vancouver students march for immigrants, minorities Vancouver Public Schools inclement weather waiver granted Vancouver mom appears in court for drug case House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Man, 27, arrested in Washougal homicide investigation Triple-murder suspect Brent Luyster pleads not guilty Rain, snow mix delays schools, create slick roads Off Beat: Railway not just a place to make a living, but a place to live House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Southwest Washington lawmakers are determined to prove to their counterparts in Oregon that they are ready to revive conversations about… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Community notebook: Free tennis gear giveaway at VTC on Saturday, March 11 Local MMA fighter seeks to keep his star rising Gonzaga reaches 20th straight WCC final Buscher steps down as Skyview girls basketball coach Trail Blazers-Timberwolves game postponed by slick court Weekly high school sports schedule, March 6-11 A tweak here and there could improve RPI Closeness means more than a trophy to Union Stanford rallies past OSU to win Pac-12 tournament Clark draws Whatcom in NWAC Tournament opener Closeness means more than a trophy to Union The Titans don't play for hardware. They play for each other. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories GM eliminating shift at plant; 1,100 jobs affected Organization hosts event to help new entrepreneurs Third Parkrose Hardware open for business Self-storage facility proposed near Vancouver Mall Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier Losses for banks pull U.S. stocks further from record highs Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone maker Trump cheers Exxon plan to spend $20 billion on Gulf Coast projects Make yourself at home in new office Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Vic LeGall is the quintessential Northwest outdoors enthusiast. He owned his own sailboat by age 12 and has enjoyed a… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle Chrissy Teigen reveals postpartum depression battle Vancouver man’s heart condition keeps him from ‘Ninja’ dream   Simone Biles to go for gold on ‘Dancing With Stars’ U.S. poet laureate says use your voice Brain cheers texting and driving ‘Zodiac’ still terrifying, relevant ‘Moonlight’ stars head from Oscars to school Battle Ground woman walks across Spain, twice, and finds her pace Don’t let giving give you a hassle Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle BANGKOK — Tossing coins in a fountain for luck is a popular superstition, but a similar belief brought misery to… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Time to Talk About Bridge Pitts: Newspapers have always had value as watchdogs Letter: Speak out against tyranny Letter: Continue to allow snow tires Letter: Work for liberty and justice for all Letter: Keep the air clean Letter: Beware progressive ideology In Our View: Oil Terminal Just a Bad Idea Jayne: Sky isn’t falling, it’s just dirtier under President Trump Ambrose: Trump moves forward Editorial Cartoons March 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has A Story: Snaking through canyon an adventure to remember Spotlight on youth Battle Ground schools get grant for new program An old club gets new life in Vancouver Volunteer Opportunities Nonprofit will award more than $1 million in scholarships this year Stonier brings family flag for Day of Remembrance VolunTEENS clean up community center Student youth group volunteers with St. Vincent de Paul High-schoolers head to court for mock trial tournament Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Man in Hazel Dell Wal-Mart shooting sentenced Shaun Michael Sprague, who opened fire inside the Hazel Dell Wal-Mart, makes a first appearance Oct. 6, 2016, in Clark County Superior. Sprague was sentenced Thursday to a total of 16 months in the Clark County Jail. (Amanda Cowan/The Columbian) By Jessica Prokop, Columbian Courts Reporter Published: March 2, 2017, 1:00 PM A   A A man who said he was experiencing a mental health crisis when he opened fire inside the Hazel Dell Wal-Mart in October has not been barred from owning firearms in the future. Shaun Michael Sprague, 35, of Sheridan, Wyo., was sentenced Thursday in Clark County Superior Court to a total of 16 months in jail. He pleaded guilty to aiming or discharging a firearm, reckless endangerment and third-degree malicious mischief. Sprague additionally pleaded guilty to third-degree domestic violence malicious mischief in connection with a residential fire in Hazel Dell. Both incidents were charged under one case. All of his convictions are gross misdemeanors and don’t prohibit him from owning a firearm after he serves his time and two years’ probation. Judge Bernard Veljacic expressed concern over Sprague retaining his right to possess a firearm — given his “severe mental health issues, (he) was off his medication and consuming street drugs” at the time of the shooting, he said. “It bothers me,” Veljacic said. “He hasn’t shown himself trustworthy.” Still, Veljacic said there wasn’t much he could do based on the charges before him. And he recognized that Sprague is serving more time than he would if convicted of second-degree assault, a felony. “I don’t have to like it, but I’ll follow the law,” he said. Although Deputy Prosecutor Aaron Bartlett mirrored the judge’s concern, he said after the hearing that there was no evidence to support felony charges in the shooting. No one inside the Wal-Mart saw Sprague point his firearm at anyone or shoot in the direction of people. And there is no felony charge in Washington state for simply discharging a firearm, when it doesn’t cause a person to fear being shot, he said. “Operating a firearm in such a reckless manner in a public establishment certainly seems like a felony offense. However, it’s not classified as such under the law until the Legislature specifically determines that type of conduct is a felony offense,” Bartlett said in a phone interview. “When the prosecutor’s office is faced with such conduct we can only charge with what the law allows, not what we want the law to be,” he added. Shots fired Clark County sheriff’s deputies arrested Sprague shortly before 7 a.m. Oct. 4 inside the Wal-Mart at 9000 N.E. Highway 99 after a store manager called 911 to report an active shooter. The store had been open for about an hour. Employees and shoppers either evacuated or sheltered in place, according to the sheriff’s office. No one was injured. Sprague had a revolver in his possession and fired shots near the Subway restaurant inside the store near the front entrance, according to an affidavit of probable cause. Jake Bodle, who was opening the Subway restaurant, said Sprague entered the store and asked for a sandwich. He told Sprague the restaurant wasn’t open yet but that he would make him a sandwich when he was done setting up for the day, the affidavit states. Bodle was standing at the front counter when he saw Sprague point a gun toward merchandise in the store. Sprague fired six shots and then placed the revolver on a nearby table, court records said. Bodle ran to the restaurant’s back room and saw Sprague fire two more shots before placing the gun on the table again, according to court documents. While talking with authorities, Sprague said he went into the Wal-Mart because he was cold and wet. He said he took “speed” — a term for amphetamines — a couple days prior and planned to kill himself but changed his mind, the affidavit states. The day before, Sprague set a kitchen fire in the home he was staying at in the 3000 block of Northeast 75th Street. He dipped a pair of fuzzy dice in gasoline, lit them on fire and placed them inside a kitchen cabinet, according to a separate probable cause affidavit. A roommate told officers he went to bed about 11 p.m. Oct. 2 and woke to the sound of the smoke detector and the smell of smoke. He found the fire downstairs and extinguished it. He also smelled rotten eggs, he said, and discovered the gas line had been disconnected to the water heater in the garage, the affidavit said. Sprague initially faced first-degree arson in the residential fire but that charge was amended as part of a plea deal. He pleaded guilty as charged in the Wal-Mart shooting. “I’m not real good with words,” Sprague said during sentencing. He acknowledged that he struggles with mental health issues. Bartlett said he and Sprague’s attorney, Gerry Wear, reached the plea agreement in part because the defense wanted to sever the two incidents. The prosecution was concerned about potential weaknesses in the arson case, he said. All of the named victims in both incidents supported the resolution, Bartlett said. Sprague will receive credit for 148 days in custody. He must undergo mental health and substance abuse evaluations and treatment.   Jessica Prokop Columbian Courts Reporter  360-735-4551  @jprokop16  Send an Email Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.

Skip to content GPS Tracking Info Just another NEWS site Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Uncategorized Mundo Entretenimento Negócios Desporto Price war triggers Kroger’s first same-store sales drop in 13 years By admin in Uncategorized March 2, 2017 REUTERS: Supermarket operator Kroger Co surprised analysts with its first quarterly same-store sales decline in 13 years, as competition intensified in the U.S. grocery industry, sending its shares down as much as 5.6 percent on Thursday.Kroger, like other grocers, has been struggling with lackluster U.S. economic growth and a cut-throat price war with Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Amazon Inc .Cincinnati-based Kroger said, excluding fuel, sales from stores open for at least a year fell 0.7 percent, widely missing analysts’ average estimate of a 0.1 percent rise, according to Consensus Metrix. Kroger blamed the decline on deflation.This was Kroger’s first quarterly same-store sales drop since the first quarter of 2003, raising concerns it is losing customers to rivals.”With peers Ahold Delhaize , Walmart and Publix reporting better comparable sales than Kroger, it is becoming increasingly likely that the company is losing overall market share,” J.P. Morgan analyst Ken Goldman said.Price competition in the industry has been increasing, with Wal-Mart reportedly running a new price-comparison test to knock out competition from German discount grocery chain Aldi Inc and Kroger.Target Corp said on Tuesday it would sacrifice full-year margins to keep its prices competitive.Kroger has become more promotional and aggressive on some pricing as sales were softer, CEO Rodney McMullen told analysts on a call.”There is no doubt several competitors are improving and running better stores … it’s much broader than just Walmart,” he added.Kroger, whose chains include Ralphs and Fred Meyer, forecast full-year earnings of US$2.21-US$2.25 per share, the midpoint of which meets analysts’ average estimate of US$2.23, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S.”We are disappointed in the comparable number and are starting to wonder how Kroger will… Post navigation Snap’s shares pop after US$3.4 billion IPO Snapchat jumps 40% in opening trade on Wall Street Search for: Recent Posts Spring scenery in Tibet Begum Jaan Vidya Balan pulls a Shah Rukh Khan on us and boy, we are impressed! (see picture) Kerala State Film Awards: Will Mohanlal’s Pulimurugan win the Best Film award for 2016? From Kareena Kapoor in Chameli to Vidya Balan in Begum Jaan: How Bollywood’s leading ladies played ‘non-sank Noor trailer: Sonakshi Sinha’s journey from a girl-next-door to a braveheart, truth-seeking journalist is spell-binding! Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 Categories Ciência Desporto Entretenimento Mundo Negócios Saúde Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 GPS Tracking Info. All Rights Reserved. Theme by I Love WordPress
null
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Cutest coyote ever found hiding behind potted plant Incredible shots of 'Glory Hole' is spilling over Gov Abbott tells NFL to back off from threats Photos: A slice of the Caribbean is coming to Houston Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year-old shooter Trial starts for Woodlands man charged with drug trafficking in Prominent attorney may land back in court over expunged DWI case Local prosecutor wrongfully blamed for racist Twitter posts, US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos American Legion Riders say they were harassed by staff at Single mom's message about her tax return goes viral Boxer Yusaf Mack beats online troll in real life at Philadelphia Explainer: Department of Homeland Security's sweeping immigration Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Rockets fail to slow down Kawhi Leonard in crushing defeat to Coach D'Antoni reflects on time coaching Spurs' Pau Gasol Coach D'Antoni gives high praise for Kawhi Leonard Rockets focused on remainder of the season, not playoff matchups Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Altar'd State leases former Starbucks space in Rice Village Pearland's mushrooming population creates demand for self-storage Houston's First Baptist to acquire space downtown Local nonprofit competes in a bracket fundraising tournament A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Country star Aaron Watson performs for police before hitting the Potente brings upscale Italian dining to downtown Houston Travis Scott comes home to Houston Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Upcoming Houston wine events Houston Museum of Natural Science's "Big Bang Ball" is a huge hit "Magnificent India" Tiger Ball celebrates color and culture, Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/news/houston-texas/texas/article/Reports-Social-media-spreads-video-of-Walmart-10971309.php Social media spreads video of Walmart customer telling employee 'Go back to your country' By Carol Christian, Chron.com / Houston Chronicle Published 10:48 am, Thursday, March 2, 2017 Image 1of/20 Caption Close Image 1 of 20 This unidentified customer at a Walmart in Irving, Texas, was filmed by a store employee after the man made racist comments about the employee and another shopper, Feb. 23, 2017. (Screen shot from Facebook video by Liz Colunga) Keep clicking to see a gallery of the ways immigrants help make Texas what it is: less This unidentified customer at a Walmart in Irving, Texas, was filmed by a store employee after the man made racist comments about the employee and another shopper, Feb. 23, 2017. (Screen shot from Facebook ... more Image 2 of 20 By the Numbers; Immigrants and Texas Texas has a wide diversity of immigrants who contribute to the state's economy and education. Click through to see how immigrants help make Texas great. By the Numbers; Immigrants and Texas Texas has a wide diversity of immigrants who contribute to the state's economy and education. Click through to see how immigrants help make Texas great. Photo: Loop Images/UIG Via Getty Images Image 3 of 20 By the numbers Number of foreign-born immigrants: 4,187,930 Source: Partnership for a New American Economy By the numbers Number of foreign-born immigrants: 4,187,930 Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Photo: Gabriel Perez/Getty Images Image 4 of 20 By the numbers Percent of Texas' population that are immigrants: 16.3 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy By the numbers Percent of Texas' population that are immigrants: 16.3 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Photo: Jensen Walker/Getty Images Image 5 of 20 By the numbers Growth in foreign-born population (2000-2013): 44.4 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy By the numbers Growth in foreign-born population (2000-2013): 44.4 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Photo: Jensen Walker/Getty Images Image 6 of 20 Top countries of origin to Texas Mexico, India, Vietnam. Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Top countries of origin to Texas Mexico, India, Vietnam. Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Photo: Mark Wilson, Getty Images Image 7 of 20 Texas immigrants and higher education Number of foreign students: 64,277  Source: American Immigration Council Texas immigrants and higher education Number of foreign students: 64,277  Source: American Immigration Council Image 8 of 20 Texas immigrants and higher education Foreign student contributions to Texas economy in tuition, fees, and living expenses: $1.5 billion Source: American Immigration Council Texas immigrants and higher education Foreign student contributions to Texas economy in tuition, fees, and living expenses: $1.5 billion Source: American Immigration Council Photo: Fairfax Media/Fairfax Media Via Getty Images Image 9 of 20 Houston-area immigrants and higher education  Number of foreign students: 14,785  Payments in tuition: $219 million Payments in living costs: $170 million  Source: American Immigration Council less Houston-area immigrants and higher education  Number of foreign students: 14,785  Payments in tuition: $219 million Payments in living costs: $170 million  Source: American ... more Photo: James Pharaon Image 10 of 20 Dallas-Forth Worth area immigrants and higher education Number of foreign students: 25,353 Payments in tuition: $371 million Payments in living costs: $277 million  Source: American Immigration Council less Dallas-Forth Worth area immigrants and higher education Number of foreign students: 25,353 Payments in tuition: $371 million Payments in living ... more Photo: Education Images/UIG Via Getty Images Image 11 of 20 Austin-Round Rock-San Marcos area immigrants and higher education Number of foreign students: 7,217 Payments in tuition: $131 million Payments in living costs: $106 million  Source: American Immigration Council less Austin-Round Rock-San Marcos area immigrants and higher education Number of foreign students: 7,217 Payments in tuition: $131 million Payments in living ... more Photo: Gavin Hellier/Getty Images/Robert Harding World Imagery Image 12 of 20 Foreign science, technology, engineering and math graduates Share of STEM graduates that are foreign-born: 54.2 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Foreign science, technology, engineering and math graduates Share of STEM graduates that are foreign-born: 54.2 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Photo: Photography By Jessie Reeder, Getty Images Image 13 of 20 Science, technology, engineering and math graduates Share of foreign engineering PhDs who were temporary or permanent residents: 65.7 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Science, technology, engineering and math graduates Share of foreign engineering PhDs who were temporary or permanent residents: 65.7 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Photo: Wesley Hitt/Getty Images Image 14 of 20 Immigrants and the University of Texas Share of patents awarded to the UT System that had at least one foreign-born inventor: 73.8 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Immigrants and the University of Texas Share of patents awarded to the UT System that had at least one foreign-born inventor: 73.8 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Photo: Eric Gay, STF Image 15 of 20 Immigrant and Texas' economy Share of immigrants in Texas' workforce: 21.3 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Immigrant and Texas' economy Share of immigrants in Texas' workforce: 21.3 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Image 16 of 20 Immigrant in the workforce Share of total economic output in Houston generated by immigrants: 21 percent Source: American Immigration Council Immigrant in the workforce Share of total economic output in Houston generated by immigrants: 21 percent Source: American Immigration Council Photo: Shobeir Ansari, Getty Images Image 17 of 20 Immigrant businesses Share of business owners who are immigrants in Texas: 24.9 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Immigrant businesses Share of business owners who are immigrants in Texas: 24.9 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Photo: Carl Court/Getty Images Image 18 of 20 Immigrant businesses Annual business income generated by immigrant-owned businesses: $10 billion Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Immigrant businesses Annual business income generated by immigrant-owned businesses: $10 billion Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Photo: Dan Kitwood/Getty Images Image 19 of 20 Immigrants in medicine Share of physicians who graduated from foreign medical schools: 24.4 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Immigrants in medicine Share of physicians who graduated from foreign medical schools: 24.4 percent Source: Partnership for a New American Economy Photo: Joe Raedle/Getty Images Image 20 of 20 Social media spreads video of Walmart customer telling employee 'Go back to your country' 1 / 20 Back to Gallery A video making the rounds on social media shows a white customer berating a Texas Walmart employee and making insulting remarks about another shopper. Liz Colunga posted the video on Facebook on behalf of her friend, identified only as Adela, a naturalized U.S. citizen who was born in El Salvador. Adela made the video last week while she was working at a Walmart in Irving, in that store's vision center. Texas Walmart customer makes racist comments to store employee Media: Liz Colunga The interaction between Adela and the customer started to go awry after he said he was having trouble seeing with the glasses he had just picked up and she referred him to a doctor. He asked to see a white employee instead. TIBET'S A THREAT?  Tibetan women's soccer team denied US visas for Texas tournament  According to the Dallas Morning News, Adela told the man he was being racist and went to get her supervisor. She started making the video when the man referred to a black woman in an electric wheelchair as fat and obese and claimed he paid her medical bills because he goes to work every day and pays taxes. Although Adela tells him, "I pay my own taxes, too," he continues with his rant: "All of these foreigners are living off of us good working white people....I know you're here to stay. Y'all should go to your own countries and fix up your own countries." At that point, as her supervisor approaches, Adela tells the customer, "OK, sir, I don't want to hear that any more." RACISM ON SOCIAL MEDIA: Amarillo cheerleader under fire after sharing racist Snapchat video Colunga told The Huffington Post that she posted the video to Facebook with Adela's permission because of growing anti-immigrant sentiment since the election of President Donald Trump. Posting on Facebook as La Prieta, Colunga said, "Thanks to all the shares on here and beyond, this video has made news and is making history!!!" Walmart did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Teenager allegedly killed in satanic ritual identified Buyers of $400K Heights house made gruesome find Replacement for Old Dominion added to RodeoHouston Exxon announces $20 billion plan for Gulf Coast region The Lead Country star performs for police before his RodeoHouston debut See inside: Blake Shelton's childhood home for sale Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year-old shooter Every outfit worn by Melania and Ivanka Trump (so far) Woodlands man charged with international drug trafficking Years later, Astroworld site still center of a convoluted lawsuit Trump gives Texas-based oil company some love on Twitter Disturbing details revealed about reportedly tortured woman Houston rapper comes home for a show Secret Costco membership perks you may not know about HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Prominent attorney may land back in court over expunged DWI case Senate revises 'bathroom bill' to boost support Local prosecutor wrongfully blamed for racist Twitter posts Winners and losers from the NFL combine J.J. Watt's brother, impresses at NFL scouting combine Best available players when NFL free agency begins A little slice of India raises big bucks Rodeo season kicks off with great party Museum's "Big Bang Ball" is a huge hit Best restaurant transformations The 10 best Houston restorations this year New champagne-centric restaurant coming The Lead Country star performs for police before his RodeoHouston debut See inside: Blake Shelton's childhood home for sale Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year-old shooter Every outfit worn by Melania and Ivanka Trump (so far) Woodlands man charged with international drug trafficking Years later, Astroworld site still center of a convoluted lawsuit Trump gives Texas-based oil company some love on Twitter Disturbing details revealed about reportedly tortured woman Houston rapper comes home for a show Latest Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Still Can't Keep Up With Amazon Wal-Mart's global e-commerce sales decelerated again last quarter. Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Mar 2, 2017 at 10:39AM One of Wal-Mart's (NYSE:WMT) biggest focuses over the past year has been reigniting its growth in e-commerce. It's taken several initiatives, including acquiring Jet.com for about $3.3 billion in August. But the acquisition, as well as a partnership with Chinese e-commerce giant JD.com (NASDAQ:JD) haven't been able to push Wal-Mart's online sales growth rate past Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN). That's despite the fact that Amazon's online sales base was about seven times larger at the end of 2015. As more and more consumer spending moves from brick-and-mortar retail to digital storefronts, Wal-Mart's ability to grow revenue depends heavily on its e-commerce sites. But Amazon -- with its Prime membership flywheel -- is proving extremely difficult to overcome. Here's how Wal-Mart's e-commerce platform performed in 2016, what's driving its growth, and what Wal-Mart is doing to compete in 2017. Image source: Wal-Mart. A quick look at the numbers Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce sales growth outpaced Amazon's fourth-quarter North American sales growth, and Wal-Mart was sure to tout that in its earnings release. Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce sales improved 29% in the fourth quarter, and gross merchandise volume increased 36.1%. That's better than Amazon's 22% increase in North American sales. But instead of presenting global e-commerce sales and gross merchandise volume growth in its fourth-quarter release, as it has done in all three of its previous earnings reports, Wal-Mart only provided U.S. growth. It saved the global numbers for the earnings call. The table below should make it fairly evident why. Calendar Quarter Wal-Mart e-Commerce Revenue Growth Wal-Mart e-Commerce GMV Growth Amazon Retail Sales Growth Q1 2016 7% 7.5% 25.6% Q2 2016 11.8% 13% 28.8% Q3 2016 20.6% 16.8% 26.7% Q4 2016 15.5% 17.5% 20.6% Data source: Company's quarterly reports and earnings calls. Wal-Mart's global e-commerce revenue returned to deceleration after only a couple of quarters of acceleration. That fourth-quarter number includes its first full quarter of Jet.com sales, as well. Additionally, Wal-Mart's reported growth percentages are on a constant-currency basis (Amazon's are not), so it's seeing a slight benefit from its overseas sales as the dollar strengthens. What's impacting Wal-Mart's online sales There are several major factors that impacted Wal-Mart's online sales last year. Here's a quick rundown of the highlights. Acquisitions: While Jet.com may be at the top of Wal-Mart's acquisition list, the retailer made a few other acquisitions recently, as well. It purchased Hayneedle before its acquisition of Jet.com. Additionally, it bought ShoeBuy and MooseJaw earlier this year. On the company's fourth-quarter earnings call, CEO Doug McMillan said the acquisitions "gave us immediate expertise and capabilities in new, more upscale categories of merchandise." Online grocery: Wal-Mart significantly expanded its online grocery ordering service in 2016. By the end of the third quarter, online grocery was available in over 100 markets. That's up from 20 markets at the end of 2015. Third-party sales: The outsized growth in gross merchandise volume (particularly in the U.S.) is evidence that Wal-Mart's marketplace business is growing faster than Wal-Mart's own online sales. That's good news, as revenue from those sales is generally higher margin than first-party sales. The growth of Amazon's third-party sales (up 43% year over year) has been a significant profit driver for its retail operations. Divestment of Yihaodian: Wal-Mart previously operated Chinese e-commerce site Yihaodian, but sold the company to JD.com last year in exchange for a 5% stake in the Chinese e-commerce giant. That's having a negative impact on Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales in China. Partnership with JD.com: As part of the Yihaodian deal, Wal-Mart developed a close partnership with JD.com. "The strategic alliance with JD.com will continue to expand our presence throughout the country and offer customers new and exciting products through our flagship sites on JD's platform," CFO Brett Briggs said on Wal-Mart's fourth-quarter earnings call. Wal-Mart also increased its stake in JD.com to 12.1% earlier this year. Wal-Mart continues to make new efforts in 2017, such as its recent announcement to offer free two-day shipping on select items. That's a shot directly at Amazon. Despite all of its initiatives and acquisitions, however, Wal-Mart's sales growth is still lagging Amazon's globally. That points to the huge moat around Amazon's operations, which is led by Amazon Prime. Adam Levy owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levy (TMFnCaffeine) Adam has been writing for The Motley Fool since 2012 covering consumer goods and technology companies. He consumes copious cups of coffee, and he loves alliteration. He spends about as much time thinking about Facebook and Twitter's businesses as he does using their products. For some lighthearted stock commentary and occasional St. Louis Cardinals mania ... Article Info Mar 2, 2017 at 10:39AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $846.61 down $-3.27 (-0.38%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.88 down $0.15 (-0.21%) JD.com NASDAQ:JD $30.41 down $0.52 (-1.68%) Read More Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Wal-Mart Tried to Take on Amazon Prime and Failed Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Wal-Mart Still Can't Keep Up With Amazon @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $JD
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The best gaming headphones of 2017 If you're looking to upgrade your gaming setup, these are the headphones you'll want. Post to Facebook The best gaming headphones of 2017 If you're looking to upgrade your gaming setup, these are the headphones you'll want.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2mxbTRR {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Reviews Deals Electronics Home & Outdoors The best gaming headphones of 2017 Nick Schmiedicker , Reviewed.com 10:07 a.m. ET March 2, 2017 179 Shares The Best Gaming Headphones  (Photo: Reviewed.com) — Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives. If you need a new gaming headset, you should get the HyperX Cloud. It's affordable, comfortable as a cloud, sounds great, and has a mic that delivers crystal clear callouts to your team. The Cloud isn't the cheapest headset we tested, but, pound for pound, it provides the best balance of performance for cost. A proper headset is going to improve your game tremendously—whether that's upping the immersion during a frightening indie title or ensuring you pick up on enemy footsteps in a multiplayer game, where it could mean the difference between winning and losing. While the Cloud is my go-to pick, I also have options for gamers on a budget, or those of you looking for the best performance possible. Read on to see which gaming headset is the right pick for you.  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Kyle Looney) HyperX Cloud - Best Overall While the HyperX Cloud is an older model that's been succeeded by the HyperX Cloud II, the original Cloud headset is still the best headset for most people. It's extremely comfortable and comes packaged with leatherette or velour earcups, an audio control box, and a detachable mic. The aluminum body is strong, and durable enough to last a good long while if you plan on taking your gaming on the go. When it comes down to the audio performance, you'll need to be a little cautious. These things are explosively loud—if you're not careful they could destroy your ears. But once you've dialed in the correct volume, you're left with a headset that delivers every note and range of your game audio with beautifully detailed clarity. I was constantly surprised by new sound effects I heard while playing Overwatch, a game I've logged well over 400 hours on. That's not to mention the detachable mic that—while not as clear and powerful as the Razer ManO'Wars—still left me impressed. Where to Buy: $78.75 at Amazon $79.99 at Best Buy $78.75 at Walmart $99.99 at eBags.com  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Kyle Looney) HyperX Cloud Stinger - Best Value At $50, it's hard to argue the sheer amount of value you're getting with the HyperX Cloud Stinger. This is a headset that's aimed at anyone who just wants good audio and doesn't really care about any other frills or unnecessary bits and bobs. Don’t get me wrong, there’s enough here to satisfy most gamers, but the Cloud Stinger excels at being a straightforward experience. It’s the perfect headset for beginners. The Cloud Stinger supports multiple platforms—meaning you can play on PC, the Xbox One, and the PlayStation without a hassle. The mic isn’t detachable, but it can be swiveled upward to be tucked out of the way—which also conveniently mutes it. Plus it’s lightweight and comfortable to boot. The only downside is that it doesn’t feel particularly sturdy or substantial. I’d be careful when transporting it as it could get damaged along the way. But, even then, you’d only be out $50 compared to some of the top-tier headsets which are easily three to four times as much. Where to Buy: $49.99 at Amazon $49.99 at Best Buy $49.99 at Walmart  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Kyle Looney) Razer ManO'War - Best Performance If you're an experienced gamer who doesn't mind spending a little more for top-tier equipment, then the Razer ManO'War is the headset for you. It outshone the competition in nearly every category and would be my go-to pick if it didn't come with such a hefty price tag. That price tag does come with some serious benefits, though. The wireless works like a charm and is something you don't think you'll want until you try it for yourself. It's easy to use, too. Even after pairing multiple headsets, all I had to do was turn the ManO'Wars on again and they were good to go... though that probably had something to do with the ultra-compact wireless USB adapter that I totally forgot to unplug. Not to mention a reported 14 hours of battery life that's more than enough for a daylong session of games. When it comes down to how the game actually sounded the ManO'Wars were equally impressive. They definitely emphasized power and an expansive range more than subtle detail, but that's not necessarily a bad thing. This is a headset built for "Overwatch" or "Battlefield 1," games that require you to pick out enemy footsteps or audio cues, but not the fine symphonic melodies of an orchestra. The unidirectional digital microphone also came in at the top of its class, effectively canceling out the noisy laptop fan and leaving my voice crystal clear. In the end, it wasn't the audio or mic that I admired the most. Instead, it was how unbelievably comfortable this headset is. The earcups are big enough to completely encase my ears without pressing down on them in any weird, painful ways. I felt like I could, and very much did, play nonstop for hours. While I wouldn't necessarily recommend that, it's nice to know the option is there if you just need to spend an afternoon relaxing by playing through the entirety of "Never Alone." Where to Buy: $163.96 at Amazon $167.99 at Best Buy $170.37 at Walmart Razer Kraken Pro V2 Billed as "the headset for eSports pros," the Kraken Pro V2 was a strong contender for my top pick, but ultimately fell just a little short because of comfort. Now, to be fair, I'm being extremely nitpicky. They're not uncomfortable by any stretch of the word. The earcups are thick and soft and never once felt like they were clamping down too hard on my ears. I easily went four hours or more without feeling like I needed a break. It was only in comparison to other headsets on this list that its shortcomings became apparent. The audio is exactly what you'd expect from a headset targeted at pros. It's impressively loud and detailed without overwhelming the callouts from your team. And on your end, the fully retractable unidirectional mic delivers your chat without the electric buzz of cheaper headsets. While I'd recommend the HyperX Cloud first, the Kraken Pro V2 is a killer headset that performs nearly as well. Where to Buy: $79.99 at Amazon $79.99 at Best Buy $89.55 at Walmart HyperX Cloud Revolver I've grown rather fond of the HyperX Cloud Revolver headset during testing. The audio is fantastic overall, offering a clear soundscape that doesn't overemphasize any single frequency. In fact, our winner, the HyperX Cloud, only barely outperformed the Revolvers and that came down to very subtle differences that probably wouldn't be noticed without a side-by-side comparison. The Revolvers also get away with being extremely comfortable thanks to an automatic adjusting headband and wide earcups to completely encompass any ear type. The removable mic is fairly generic overall but provides clear audio that guarantees your team won't turn against you for having weak comms. Overall, the Cloud Revolvers are a great headset that is limited only by their price and lack of extended features. Still, that's no reason not to consider them if you're looking for a new pair. Where to Buy: $113.95 at Amazon $116.99 at Best Buy Logitech G533 Wireless The culmination of a lot of time and energy, the Logitech G533 Wireless headset is feature-packed and ready to take on everything from "Battlefield 1" to "Forza Horizon" and deliver superb control over your sound. The wireless is easy to use thanks to the plug and play USB adapter and the battery easily lasted enough for a few marathon sessions before needing a charge. In each of the games I played, there was a definite emphasis on bass and heavier sounds that lent itself really well to first-person shooter games where explosions and rapid gunfire are normal. For those tense matches where communication is key, a mic is crucial and the noise-canceling mic on the G533 never let me down. It comes with a handy micro pop filter that reduced the ambient sound (like my breathing) that would get picked up. Instead, my callouts were clear and easy to hear, albeit a bit tinny. Where to Buy: $149.99 at Amazon $149.99 at Best Buy $234.81 at Walmart SteelSeries Arctis 5 Out of the entire Arctis line, I felt like I had to recommend the middle-of-the-road Arctis 5 above the rest. It lacks the wireless of the Arctis 7s, but that's a small price to pay when you're talking about a $60 difference in price. They sound great, offering enough clear distinction in the audio cues that it's leaps and bounds above the cheap $25 headsets you might be tempted to buy. But the audio isn't the real winner here. The Arctis 5s—and the whole Arctis line—are beautiful headsets that lack the jagged edges and red/black color scheme that dominate gaming peripherals. I don't know if style is going to be the determining factor for you, but if it is, the Arctis 5s are the way to go. Where to Buy: $89.99 at Amazon $91.99 at Best Buy $99.99 at Walmart SteelSeries Siberia 800 The Steelseries Siberia 800s are a bit of an outlier here. A full $100 or so more expensive than the competition, the Siberia 800s are really over-the-top except for the most diehard gamers. This thing is packed with features and tools that make the use of it a minigame all on its own. Bundled with the headset is an OLED transmitter that lives on your desk and gives you easy access to balance your mic setting and modify your EQ settings on the fly. It's a bit of extra work, but the level of control it gives you is impressive, to say the least. So why didn't it win Best Performance? Really, it comes down to price and comfort. I couldn't justify $250—on a good day—for the Siberia 800s and I don't think you should either. But, if you're an audio geek who craves the most amount of control you can get, they definitely won't disappoint. Where to Buy: $257.41 at Amazon $286.99 at Best Buy $257.41 at Walmart Other Products We Tested Steelseries Arctis 7 The Arctis 7s are a great wireless headset. In the end, though, I felt that what you're getting doesn't quite match the price. Which is why I recommended the Arctis 5s instead. If you're in the market for wireless and don't like the look or feel of the Razer ManO'Wars, then the Arctis 7s are a solid second choice. They sound great, are incredibly comfortable, and stylish to boot. Logitech G933 Artemis Spectrum While the G933 Artemis Spectrum is a fantastic headset that has great, easy-to-use wireless, ultimately I left it off the list in favor of the G533. With three programmable G-keys, the G933 is a strong contender who wants to really customize their audio experience. Steelseries Arctis 3 The entry level model in the Arctis line, the Arctis 3s sounded great but lack many of the features that kept them from being a compelling pick in the end. Logitech G633 Artemis Spectrum Much like it's older, cooler brother, the G633 Artemis Spectrum is a fantastic pick overall, but lacks the comfort and features it needed to propel into our list of recommended products. Creative Draco HS880 I was excited to get the budget pick from our friends at the Wirecutter in to see how they'd hold up. While the mic was fantastic, the audio performance was subpar at best. Not to mention that they were hands down the most uncomfortable pair I tested. Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2mxbTRR Most Popular
Latest News Dow 20,954 -51.37 -0.24% Nasdaq 5,849 -21.58 -0.37% S&P 500 2,375 -7.81 -0.33% 4:18 A.M. ET U.K. house prices rise at a slower pace 4:15 A.M. ET Paysafe reiterates 2017 outlook after profit rises 4:12 A.M. ET Opinion Sam Eisenstadt, a supreme forecaster, has bad news for stock investors 4:01 A.M. ET Miners on the rise, but FTSE 100 struggling 3:35 A.M. ET Nissan's Hybrid Car Gains Ground on Toyota's Prius 3:23 A.M. ET John Laing profit rises; lifts dividend 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Draghi moving toward his first monetary tightening 3:21 A.M. ET Updated Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? 3:20 A.M. ET Updated Underestimated dangers lurk within ‘the world’s most deceptive chart’ 3:18 A.M. ET Intertek swings to yearly pretax profit 3:17 A.M. ET Shawbrook turns down improved buyout bid 3:15 A.M. ET Updated Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Facial recognition technology is turning people into human bar codes 3:14 A.M. ET Worldpay swings to profit, guidance unchanged 3:14 A.M. ET Updated Don’t quit your job if you work in 1 of these 5 industries 3:13 A.M. ET Updated Would you take a pay cut to help out a colleague? 3:13 A.M. ET Paddy Power Betfair sees trading in line with view 3:12 A.M. ET Updated Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be 3:11 A.M. ET Updated 9 things to know about the GOP’s proposed health-care overhaul 3:11 A.M. ET Aggreko projects lower profit for 2017 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Personal Finance At Kroger, technology is changing the grocery shopping experience By Kim S. Nash Published: Mar 2, 2017 10:04 a.m. ET Share Making in-store shopping more like online shopping Bloomberg A woman shops at a Kroger Co. grocery store in Birmingham, Michigan. ‘Stores are big and complicated,’ says Kroger CIO Chris Hjelm. ‘We need to make them simple.’ By KimS. Nash With the grocery business now stretching into cyberspace via websites and apps, Americans have never had so many choices in how, when and where to shop for products such as steaks and cereal. Consumers can shop online and either pick up the order or have it delivered to their homes. Inside stores, meanwhile, technology is changing the shopping experience. For a glimpse of how technology can affect shopping, consider Kroger Co., KR, -0.88% whose 2,778 stores make it the largest supermarket chain in the U.S. Kroger has deployed cameras and infrared sensors to monitor foot traffic, and is using data algorithms to help schedule cashiers in real time. Its mobile app can analyze shopping habits and produce relevant digital coupons. Kroger’s latest move: testing sensor-laden interactive shelves that detect shoppers in the aisles via their smartphones to offer them personal pricing and product suggestions as they walk along. “We want to bring technology to life in the store,” says Chris Hjelm, Kroger’s chief information officer since 2005. Building technology into physical stores is crucial, as the 134-year-old company faces growing threats from rivals such as Amazon.com Inc. AMZN, -0.38% and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., WMT, -0.21% which are boosting efforts to sell groceries in multiple channels. While Wal-Mart expands online grocery sales, Amazon in late 2016 went physical. It opened a cashierless Amazon Go convenience store, where customers scan their mobile phones at a kiosk upon entering, pick sensor-tagged items and see the tally charged to a mobile payment account. Also read: 12 ways to save on your rising grocery bill In an interview, Hjelm discussed the imperative to make store shopping more like online shopping—cutting wait times and creating a more interactive experience—with technology such as the Internet of Things, data analytics and video. Edited excerpts follow: Analyzing wait times WSJ: Which technologies are key to Kroger now? HJELM: We’re in the midst of deploying our video-management system, with new cameras that are all digital, and analytics technology to understand what we’re seeing. We’re running a pilot to do service queuing for the pharmacy, meat department or deli. It isn’t like everybody stands in a nice line, like they do at checkout. People come from the left side, they come from the right side. We can use video to not only detect how many are there but how long they’ve been waiting. If you’re a pharmacist, your head is down at the computer, working. We can alert you right on your display that you’ve got a customer who’s been waiting for 60 seconds and no one’s talked to them yet. So those little paper ‘Now Serving’ numbers don’t cut it? Customers get frustrated. They may have been there second, but they don’t get served until third. Or, if they are waiting too long, they can sometimes walk away. We can use this data to analyze what is the appropriate wait time. Stores are big and complicated. We need to make them simple. How is Kroger changing stores? We’re helping customers create “favorites” lists on our mobile app. We want to make sure they’re taking advantage of digital coupons. We’re expanding ClickList, which is a system to let you order online and pick up in a store. It’s in 441 stores now. We just launched same-day order and pickup. We’re testing delivery, as well. The digital shelf How viable is Amazon’s cashierless idea? It’s neat. Certainly, it’s doable. In a constrained, convenience-store format with a very limited set of product, it makes it a lot easier. But there are complexities, like making sure you deal with bad customer behavior — people who put items back into the wrong slots. I haven’t seen it yet, but I certainly will the next time I’m in Seattle. Will Kroger go cashierless? We have Scan, Bag, Go, which is a shopping solution where you use a wireless hand-held device and scan items. You bag them as you go, the way you want them bagged. Then you stop at checkout to pay and we send you on your way. I shop that way a lot. It’s in about 15 stores around Cincinnati. So with Scan, Bag, Go, we are kind of there. We’re now integrating mobile payment credentials, so you can avoid that last checkout step in the process. How else can stores use data to interact with consumers? We’re testing digital shelf edges in 14 stores. Sensors can detect when someone is walking down the aisle [with Kroger’s mobile app open]. I can highlight products for you on a high-definition display on the shelf edge. Let’s say you’re gluten-free. In the nutrition-bar section, I can highlight for you the gluten-free products. Or I could show you on the shelf your personal price for a product. Or highlight that bottle of wine on your shopping list. You’ve told me what you like and what you want. I know what’s in the aisle, and I can fuse all that data to create a magical experience. We’re working on it; it isn’t deployed yet. Kim S. Nash is a senior writer for CIO Journal in New York. Email her at kim.nash@wsj.com. The article “At Kroger, Technology Is Changing the Grocery-Store Shopping Experience” first appeared on WSJ.com. More from MarketWatch Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles Mount Etna Eruption: Skiers Chase Smoldering Boulder Why is market volatility so low when uncertainty is so high? Quote References KR -0.26 -0.88% AMZN -3.27 -0.38% WMT -0.15 -0.21% Most Popular Struggling shopping malls let high schools, doctors move in where Penney’s used to be Why you shouldn’t order ice on a flight, and other ‘dirty little secrets’ Snap stock suffers first major selloff since going public Stock market closes lower as financials slump, North Korea fires missiles How wearable technology can transform health care Mortgage Rates Powered by This advertisement is provided by Bankrate, which compiles rate data from more than 4,800 financial institutions. Bankrate is paid by financial institutions whenever users click on display advertisements or on rate table listings enhanced with features like logos, navigation links, and toll free numbers. Dow Jones receives a share of these revenues when users click on a paid placement. Other NewsFrom Our Partners Do You Have the Wrong Financial Advisor? SmartAsset.com Compare Financial Advisors in Your Neighborhood SmartAsset.com Mistakes People Make When Choosing a Financial Advisor SmartAsset.com Exclusive Travel Rewards from Luxury Card SmartAsset.com 1.12% APY - $10,000 Min. Deposit SmartAsset.com Data Provided By Today's Interest Rates Mortgage Equity Savings Auto Credit Cards 30 yr fixed Jumbo 4.6% 30 yr fixed 4.09% 15 yr fixed 3.21% 10 yr fixed 3.07% 30 yr fixed refi 4.11% 15 yr fixed refi 3.23% 5/1 ARM 3.25% 5/1 ARM refi 3.34% National averages from Bankrate.com $30K HELOC 4.71% $50K HELOC 4.69% $75K HELOC 4.69% $100K HELOC 4.42% $30K Home Equity Loan 4.7% $50K Home Equity Loan 4.28% $75K Home Equity Loan 4.25% $100K Home Equity Loan 4.15% National averages from Bankrate.com 5 yr CD 1.25% 2 yr CD 0.76% 1 yr CD 0.6% MMA $10K+ 0.25% MMA $50K+ 0.41% MMA Savings 0.32% MMA Savings Jumbo 0.42% National averages from Bankrate.com 60 Mo Used Car 3.2% 48 Mo Used Car 3.19% 36 Mo Used Car 3.41% 72 Mo New Car 3.26% 60 Mo New Car 3.41% 48 Mo New Car 3.31% 60 Mo Auto Refi 2.8% 36 Mo Auto Refi 2.61% National averages from Bankrate.com Avg. APR Last Week 6 Months Low Interest 12.36% 12.36% 11.98% Business 13.41% 13.41% 13.12% Student 13.67% 13.67% 13.42% Balance Transfer 14.76% 14.76% 14.39% Airline 15.40% 15.40% 15.13% Reward 15.57% 15.57% 15.30% Cash Back 15.61% 15.61% 15.33% Instant Approval 18.09% 18.09% 18.04% Bad Credit 23.01% 23.01% 22.86% Source: CreditCards.com MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Property & Politics Ben Carson snaps up D.C.-area home for a discount View More SectorWatch How credit scores predict what you will buy next View More Real Estate We come clean about the least polluted U.S. cities (and the dirtiest) View More Financial News The 10 fintech firms to watch View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Kroger Co. U.S.: NYSE: KR $29.37 -0.26 (-0.88%) Volume 9.2M Open $29.62 High $29.82 Low $29.34 P/E Ratio 14.12 Div Yield 1.63 Market Cap 36.9B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $846.61 -3.27 (-0.38%) Volume 2.5M Open $845.23 High $848.49 Low $841.12 P/E Ratio 172.63 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 405.5B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $69.88 -0.15 (-0.21%) Volume 8.7M Open $70.00 High $70.44 Low $69.78 P/E Ratio 15.19 Div Yield 2.92 Market Cap 215.2B
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research Target: Five Reasons Not to Own the Stock For starters, the best-case scenario seems to be a return to modest same-store-sales growth. March 2, 2017 6:59 a.m. ET Target (TGT: NYSE) By Credit Suisse ($58.77, Feb. 28, 2017) Reset events in retail can often represent buying opportunities, but we believe it’s tough to make this call on Target. While the 2017 outlook looks conservative enough and the stock seems washed out, we see no positive catalyst. The industry is entering a price war, Target’s (ticker: TGT) high-cost remodel program is unlikely to yield a reasonable return, digital... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business MWC 2017     NES Classic In Stock Updates On Nintendo Switch Launch Day Posted: Mar 3 2017, 4:49am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   NES Classic Shopping Guide   The hunt for the NES Classic continues in March as the Nintendo Switch launches. Here are the latest NES Classic stock updates. The Nintendo Switch launched at midnight in stores and some retailers are selling the Switch console online. The supply situation of the Nintendo NES (win a NES Classic now in our just launched giveaway) has not improved at the launch of Nintendo's new flagship console. Don't Miss: Today's Best Deals on Amazon.com The NES Classic offers on the reseller market on Amazon.com on Friday, March 3 starting at $144 plus $5.70. Many offers are above $150 again, like it is the week before Christmas. Prices have been around $120 last week, or even as low as $99 three weeks ago. The NES supply has again completely dried up, driving up the prices on the secondary market.  Target and Walmart stores have not shown significant inventory in the past days. Consumers scored NES classic consoles through Amazon Prime Now and Amazon Spain. The last time the NES Classic was available online in the United States was on Feb. 23 on Amazon.com. Amazon Spain sold the 59.99 Euro NES Mini (EU) as recently as Wednesday. Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. NES Classic Availability by Store NES Classic at Amazon.com The NES Classic reseller prices keep on rising. The most offers for a NES Classic on the first page are over $150. The NES Classic offers on the reseller market on Amazon.com on Friday, March 3 starting at $144 plus $5.70. Three European Amazon stores sold the NES Classic with a delivery date of Feb. 27 on Tuesday. We did score one in Germany, that we will give away to our readers starting today. Enter the NES Classic Giveaway now! The NES sold out at all three stores after a couple of hours. Keeping an eye on Amazon.es makes a lot of sense as well, as NES supply in the United States has dried up. American NES hunters scored a NES on Amazon Spain on Wednesday. NES Classic at Target The inventory indicator at BrickSeek for Target stays at a very low 1%. You can try to find a Target store near you with NES in stock on brickseek.com. Both Target and Walmart in stock indicators are way down. The indicator is just showing a trend and not an actual percentage of stores having stock. The dropping means that NES is less likely available at Target and Walmart stores today. NES Classic at Walmart The BrickSeek stock level indicator of NES Classic at Walmart stores is down at 2%. Finding a NES at a Walmart store is not likely. Try your luck and check the NES availability at Walmart stores in your Zip area on brickseek. A pro tip is to the "View Barcode" feature next to the UPC code in BrickSeek in a Walmart store to have store associates scan it to check for inventory, in case BrickSeek shows stock for that particular store. NES Classic at GameStop The NES Classic was last in stock at GameStop online on Feb. 9. GameStop only offered the NES Classic as part of bundles starting at $79.99. Inventory lasted about 9 minutes. NES Classic at Best Buy The Nintendo NES Classic was on sale online at bestbuy.com on Tuesday, Feb. 7. Overall the $59.99 NES inventory lasted 40 minutes. This means that the consumer electronics giant must have received a big shipment. NES Classic at ToysRUs Stores No new updates. NES not in stock at ToysRUs stores and online shop. TRU is only selling NES accessories online. Looking to buy a new Nintendo Switch console? Check out the latest in stock updates for the Nintendo Switch online. The ability to mod the NES Classic and install an unlimited number of games has renewed the hype around the retro console. The latest version of hakchi2 allows NES owners to install over 800 NES games. A new hack even allows NES owners to run SNES games via an emulator.  It is easier to find NES Classic controllers Amazon now, although they are not from Nintendo. Here is a list of popular NES accessories on sale on Amazon. NES Classic Edition Accessories Nyko MiniBoss Controller for NES Classic Edition Pernos 2Pack 10ft 3M Extension Cable for Nintendo NES Classic Mini Edition Controller Ortz 10ft Controller for NES Classic Mini [TURBO EDITION] Buttons 8Bitdo NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set with Bluetooth Retro Receiver 10ft Extend Link Extension Cable For Nintendo Mini NES Classic Edition RDS Industries NES Classic Edition Carrying Case Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) Controller Nintendo is under criticism for bad demand forecasting since years. Part of it is intentional as shortage generates buzz. The downside are the countless hours of people spent in line and the caused frustration. There is no update from Nintendo when the Japanese video game maker will resolve the shortage. The $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic Edition console launched on November 11 in stores and online. The supply was extremely constraint in stores and especially online. The palm-sized NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. The Holiday shopping season 2016 has been dominated by the hunt for Hatchimals and the Nintendo NES classic edition. The NES Classic demand is still strong amidst ongoing shortage. In about one months the new Nintendo Switch will go sale and Nintendo fans brace for the worst. The Nintendo Switch pre-order are sold out. The supply situation might no be as bad as for the NES, but it will be difficult to get a Switch at launch for customers who have not pre-ordered the Switch. Find out how to get the Nintendo Shift on March 3.  Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nokia opens pre-orders for Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 15 hours ago, 11:43am CST Latest Live Images of Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked 16 hours ago, 11:11am CST Netflix Plans to Launch New Interactive Storytelling Technology to Allow Viewers Decide Fate of TV Dramas 21 hours ago, 6:07am CST Facebook Kicks off "Small Test" for Messenger Reactions 21 hours ago, 5:32am CST Amazon Tipped to be Working on a Alexa device that Connects Users 22 hours ago, 5:17am CST Jeff Bezos Tweets Photos of Blue Origin’s New Rocket Engine 7 minutes ago NOAA Goes-16 Satellite Sends First Images of Lightning from Space 3 hours ago Mars May Have Been Wetter Than Previously Thought 5 hours ago First Photos of Lin Manuel Miranda on the Set of Mary Poppins 5 hours ago You Feel Lonely Because of Spending Too Much Time on Social Media 5 hours ago iHeartRadio Music Awards: All You Need to Know 5 hours ago Will Gray Goo Cause The End of Civilization? 8 hours ago California’s San Joaquin Valley is Sinking at an Alarming Rate 14 hours ago, 12:46pm CST What is ASMR? Explanations, Examples, and The Science Behind the 14 hours ago, 12:38pm CST iPhone 8 to enter mass production this September 15 hours ago, 11:32am CST Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Switch is On Sale Online Bees Learn to Play Football   Porsche Panamera Sport Turismo Debuts at Geneva Motor Show 2017 NES Classic in Stock Updates on Nintendo Switch Launch Day Technology News Nokia opens pre-orders for Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 15 hours ago, 11:43am CST Latest Live Images of Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked 16 hours ago, 11:11am CST Netflix Plans to Launch New Interactive Storytelling Technology to Allow Viewers Decide Fate of TV Dramas 21 hours ago, 6:07am CST Facebook Kicks off "Small Test" for Messenger Reactions 21 hours ago, 5:32am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News Jeff Bezos Tweets Photos of Blue Origin’s New Rocket Engine 7 minutes ago NOAA Goes-16 Satellite Sends First Images of Lightning from Space 3 hours ago Mars May Have Been Wetter Than Previously Thought 5 hours ago First Photos of Lin Manuel Miranda on the Set of Mary Poppins 5 hours ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Latest ... Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending ... Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates Geneva Motor Show 2017 MWC 2017 E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apache Co. (APA) Downgraded by Bank of America Corp Needham & Company LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) Downgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Old National Bancorp (ONB) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Box Inc (BOX) PT Raised to $26.00 Cowen and Company Reiterates Buy Rating for Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Enerflex Ltd (EFX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Brokerages Set Etsy Inc (ETSY) PT at $15.20 Shutterstock Inc (SSTK) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Eni SpA (E) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” PROSIEBENSAT1 MED. (PBSFF) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG Barclays PLC Lowers Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Price Target to $53.00 Davy Asset Management Ltd Has $3,612,000 Stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI Raises Position in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Shares Sold by Guardian Capital LP BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Bought by Scotia Capital Inc. Scotia Capital Inc. Buys 360 Shares of Norfolk Souther Corporation (NSC) Managed Asset Portfolios LLC Raises Position in Novartis AG (NVS) Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Position Decreased by Public Sector Pension Investment Board Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Boosted by Burney Co. March 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Burney Co. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 6.4% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 84,399 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 5,065 shares during the period. Burney Co.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $5,834,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other large investors have also recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Financial Advisory Group increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.5% in the second quarter. Financial Advisory Group now owns 13,725 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,002,000 after buying an additional 68 shares during the period. Princeton Alpha Management LP increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 684.1% in the second quarter. Princeton Alpha Management LP now owns 89,625 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,544,000 after buying an additional 78,195 shares during the period. Northstar Investment Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.9% in the second quarter. Northstar Investment Advisors LLC now owns 88,634 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,472,000 after buying an additional 2,483 shares during the period. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.3% in the second quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 3,575 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $261,000 after buying an additional 47 shares during the period. Finally, Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.3% in the second quarter. Marble Harbor Investment Counsel LLC now owns 51,226 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $3,741,000 after buying an additional 1,130 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 70.45 on Thursday. The stock has a market capitalization of $215.93 billion, a PE ratio of 16.08 and a beta of 0.09. The firm has a 50 day moving average of $68.31 and a 200-day moving average of $70.06. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52 week low of $62.72 and a 52 week high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.49 EPS. The business’s revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.33 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a $0.51 dividend. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.90%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio is currently 43.48%. This piece was reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this piece can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/02/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stake-boosted-by-burney-co.html. WMT has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, December 6th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “hold” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set a “market perform” rating and a $71.00 price objective on the stock. J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $68.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada increased their price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores from $66.00 to $67.00 and gave the company an “underperform” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $74.60. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 4,375,337 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.79, for a total transaction of $314,105,443.23. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $754,306,647.33. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 8,075,030 shares of company stock valued at $580,327,618. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research Target: Five Reasons Not to Own the Stock For starters, the best-case scenario seems to be a return to modest same-store-sales growth. March 2, 2017 6:59 a.m. ET Target (TGT: NYSE) By Credit Suisse ($58.77, Feb. 28, 2017) Reset events in retail can often represent buying opportunities, but we believe it’s tough to make this call on Target. While the 2017 outlook looks conservative enough and the stock seems washed out, we see no positive catalyst. The industry is entering a price war, Target’s (ticker: TGT) high-cost remodel program is unlikely to yield a reasonable return, digital... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.

Today is Tuesday March 07, 2017 KTBB Menu News Local State National World Business Political Health Show Biz Sports Weather Forecast Radar Weather Archives Sports Headlines Broadcast Schedule Scholastic All Stars Rangers Bus Trips Sitemap You Tell Me Texas Podcasts In Focus Contact Us Audio/Video    •    Listen Live Podcasts In Focus RSS Feeds Get the App! Audio Archives Special Coverage Rush Update Schedules    •    KTBB 92.1 The Team FM Deportes Sports Features    •    You Tell Me Texas Decision 2016 In Focus World Tour Find an Advertiser Scholastic All Stars Calendar of Events Trivia Quiz Lunch Break Contest Teacher of the Month Station Info    •    Logos Employment Privacy Policy Personalities Awards Sun Hours FAQ Media Kit    •    Contact Us    •    Contact Us Government Contacts Advertiser Directory    •    Site Map Advertisement Advertisement More Suspects Arrested Following Walmart Robbery Posted/updated on: March 2, 2017 at 10:39 am Print Friendly TYLER — Tyler Police have issued several arrest warrants related to a robbery at the Walmart on South Broadway over the weekend. The suspects are identified as LeTroy Merritt, 32,(pictured) and Zaira Patterson, 20, both of Shreveport, La. Merritt was an Assistant Manager of the Walmart that was robbed. Investigators believe he played an intricate role in planning and assisting with the robbery. Patterson was the female who assisted the gunman in the office in gathering the money and was also the driver who struck the Good Samaritan with the vehicle who attempted to stop them. Both suspects were arrested for aggravated robbery Monday by the Western Louisiana Fugitive Task Force after receiving information from the US Marshal’s Joint East Texas Fugitive Task Force on the outstanding warrants from Tyler Police Department. Merritt and Patterson remain in Bossier Parish Jail awaiting extradition to Smith County. Breonna Poole, 22, Justice Poole, 18, and a 14 year old juvenile, all of Shreveport, Louisiana, were arrested Saturday by Tyler police following the robbery. Witnesses said just before midnight Saturday, several persons entered the store with a gun, held a store employee at gunpoint, took and undisclosed amount of money, and then fled. A pedestrian was hit by a fleeing suspect’s vehicle. He was treated at the scene for minor injuries. The vehicle that struck him was described as a dark colored four door sedan, occupied with two persons. Tyler police stopped another one of the suspect’s vehicles at South Broadway and Chimney Rock moments after the robbery. Officers found the cash bags with money and other items of evidence. The weapon involved in the robbery was recovered by a store manager in the store’s parking lot. It was a BB gun that resembled a real handgun. The two adults were booked into the Smith County Jail. The juvenile was taken to the Smith County Juvenile Attention Center. Go Back More Suspects Arrested Following Walmart Robbery Posted/updated on: March 2, 2017 at 10:39 am Print Friendly TYLER — Tyler Police have issued several arrest warrants related to a robbery at the Walmart on South Broadway over the weekend. The suspects are identified as LeTroy Merritt, 32,(pictured) and Zaira Patterson, 20, both of Shreveport, La. Merritt was an Assistant Manager of the Walmart that was robbed. Investigators believe he played an intricate role in planning and assisting with the robbery. Patterson was the female who assisted the gunman in the office in gathering the money and was also the driver who struck the Good Samaritan with the vehicle who attempted to stop them. Both suspects were arrested for aggravated robbery Monday by the Western Louisiana Fugitive Task Force after receiving information from the US Marshal’s Joint East Texas Fugitive Task Force on the outstanding warrants from Tyler Police Department. Merritt and Patterson remain in Bossier Parish Jail awaiting extradition to Smith County. Breonna Poole, 22, Justice Poole, 18, and a 14 year old juvenile, all of Shreveport, Louisiana, were arrested Saturday by Tyler police following the robbery. Witnesses said just before midnight Saturday, several persons entered the store with a gun, held a store employee at gunpoint, took and undisclosed amount of money, and then fled. A pedestrian was hit by a fleeing suspect’s vehicle. He was treated at the scene for minor injuries. The vehicle that struck him was described as a dark colored four door sedan, occupied with two persons. Tyler police stopped another one of the suspect’s vehicles at South Broadway and Chimney Rock moments after the robbery. Officers found the cash bags with money and other items of evidence. The weapon involved in the robbery was recovered by a store manager in the store’s parking lot. It was a BB gun that resembled a real handgun. The two adults were booked into the Smith County Jail. The juvenile was taken to the Smith County Juvenile Attention Center. Go Back Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement News • Weather • Media Kit • Advertisers • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Site Map © 1999 - 2017 Copyright Gleiser Communications, LLC Home | Contact Us | Employment | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Find an Advertiser Other stations in the Gleiser Communications family include: 92.1 The Team FM | KYZS 1490AM ESPN Deportes Hosted by
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Username / Edit Settings / Log Out Log in / Create Account Tucson Weekly Facebook Twitter Home News & Opinion Chow Events Cinema Music Arts & Culture Best of Tucson® Browse Books Main Page Books Archives Browse News & Opinion News & Opinion Main Page Cover Story Currents Features Editor's Note Danehy Medical MJ The Pleasure Activist Ask a Mexican! The Skinny Police Dispatch Media Watch Dust Devils Guest Commentary Tucson Salvage Letters to the Editor The Range Browse Events Events Today Staff Pick Listings Bulletin Board Location Guide Submit an Event Listing Browse Cinema Cinema Main Page Now Showing at Home Cinema Archives Browse Music Music Main Page Music Features Soundbites Live Live Music Listings Bars Club Crawl® Music Archives Submit Club Listings Browse Arts & Culture Arts Main Page Book Features Art Listings Galleries Museum Listings Museums Theater Listings Theaters Dance Listings Bookstores Coffee Houses Libraries Literature Listings Arts Archives Submit an Event Listing Browse Chow Chow Main Page Chow Features Restaurants Restaurant Menus (new) Reader Reviews Chow Archives Yum! Archives Browse Best of Tucson® Best of Tucson® Main Page Best of Tucson®: Arts & Culture Best of Tucson®: City Life Best of Tucson®: Casual Dining Best of Tucson®: ¡Cultura! Best of Tucson®: Fashion + Style Best of Tucson®: Kids' Stuff Best of Tucson®: Media Mix Best of Tucson®: Outdoors Best of Tucson®: Restaurants Best of Tucson®: Spirits & Nightlife Issues Newsletter Signup Online Edition Submit A Listing archives Dust Devils Find a Weekly March 02, 2017 News & Opinion » Police Dispatch Tweet Email Print Favorite Saving… Share Police Dispatch  By Anna Mirocha click to enlarge BigStock Bottles Whisky Business Foothills Area Feb. 12, 4:40 p.m. A man tried, quite unsuccessfully, to smuggle four bottles of booze out of a Walmart store—in his pants, a Pima County Sheriff's Department report stated. Sheriff's deputies were called to a Walmart on the north side of town in response to a report of someone stealing liquor. Upon arrival, they found that a customer—actually another deputy who was off duty at the time—had already tackled the subject and had him in a "bear hug" hold in the middle of the floor. Security-camera footage showed the subject putting four 750-millileter bottles of Johnny Walker scotch whisky down his pants while walking around the store, basically in plain sight. When he walked past the cash registers and tried to run away from security, the off-duty officer reportedly took him to the ground and held him there till on-duty deputies arrived. The subject admitted to trying to steal the whisky and already had a warrant out for his arrest regarding a previous shoplifting charge. He was taken to jail. More Police Dispatch » Tags: Police Dispatch Tweet More by Anna Mirocha Police Dispatch In an incident involving a bathtub and meth—but not necessarily "bathtub meth"— a man was arrested after screaming at a motel employee in his underwear upon learning he owed $600 for damaging his room, according to a Pima County Sheriff's Department report. by Anna Mirocha Mar 2, 2017 Police Dispatch Smear Campaign by Anna Mirocha Feb 23, 2017 Police Dispatch Close Encounter of the Absurd Kind by Anna Mirocha Feb 23, 2017 More » Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment (comments policy) Subscribe to this thread Readers also liked… Police Dispatch Not What You Want to See on Your TV by Anna Mirocha Jul 16, 2015 Police Dispatch Don't Steal Where You Eat by Anna Mirocha Jul 23, 2015 The Range Learn How To Save the Bees By Jessica Suriano Mar 6, 2017  2:30 pm TUSD Celebrates Kindness Week After Driving Out Superintendent By Danyelle Khmara Mar 6, 2017  1:30 pm Streets of This Town: Dead Soldiers at Night By Brian Smith Mar 6, 2017  12:46 pm More » Latest in Police Dispatch Police Dispatch In an incident involving a bathtub and meth—but not necessarily "bathtub meth"— a man was arrested after screaming at a motel employee in his underwear upon learning he owed $600 for damaging his room, according to a Pima County Sheriff's Department report. by Anna Mirocha Mar 2, 2017 Police Dispatch Smear Campaign by Anna Mirocha Feb 23, 2017 More » Most Commented On Rep. Martha McSally, Former Rep. Ron Barber, and Courage by David Safier Feb 8, 2017 Political Theater: McSally Schedules Town Hall Just in Time To Scramble Critics by Jim Nintzel Feb 23, 2017 More » Facebook Activity Tucson Weekly home | opinion | currents | city week | cinema | arts | books | chow | best of tucson® | Facebook | archives | advertising | privacy policy | Staff / Contact Us | rss | Flickr | Twitter | terms & conditions | print ads | comments policy © 2017 Tucson Weekly | 7225 Mona Lisa Rd. Ste. 125, Tucson AZ 85741 | (520) 797-4384 | Powered by Foundation
Jump to navigation Advertisement News for the Open Source Professional Login / Create Account Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn Feeds Brought to you by News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs Sam Dean March 1, 2017 As the Software Supply Chain Shifts, Enterprise Open Source Programs Ramp Up oss-practices.jpg Enterprises are ramping up adoption of open source software and increasingly creating their own open source tools. Creative Commons Zero Pixabay Today’s software supply chain is fundamentally different than it was only a few years ago, and open source programs at large enterprises are helping to drive that trend. According to Sonatype’s 2016 State of the Software Supply Chain enterprises are both turning to existing open source projects to decrease the amount of code they have to write, and increasingly creating their own open source tools. Countless organizations have rolled out professional, in-house programs focused on advancing open source and encouraging its adoption. Some of the companies doing so may surprise you. Here are a few such companies that may not be top-of-mind when thinking about engagement with open source: Walmart’s Open Source Mojo Spreads Out. Is Walmart a major player in open source? It absolutely is, and the company is expanding its open source engagement in 2017. The company's Walmart Labs division, located in Silicon Valley, has released a slew of open source projects, including a notable project called Electrode, which is a product of Walmart's migration to a React/Node.js platform. It gives developers templated code to build universal React apps that incorporate modules that developers can leverage to add functionality to Node apps. It's also a key part of how Walmart's site runs, and you can believe that that site runs at scale. Additionally, after more than two years of development and testing within Walmart, the company has announced that OneOps is available to the open source community. If you have any type of cloud deployment, take note. According to Walmart: “OneOps is a cloud management and application lifecycle management platform that developers can use to both develop and launch new products faster, and more easily maintain them throughout their entire lifecycle. OneOps enables developers to code their products in a hybrid, multi-cloud environment. This means they can test and switch between different cloud providers to take advantage of better pricing, technology and scalability – without being locked into one cloud provider.” General Electric? Yes, General Electric. Odds are that General Electric isn’t the first company that you think of when it comes to moving the open source needle, but GE is actually a  powerful player in open source. GE Software has an "Industrial Dojo" – run in collaboration with the Cloud Foundry Foundation – to strengthen its efforts to solve the world’s biggest industrial challenges. According to GE: “The Cloud Foundry Dojo program allows software developers to immerse themselves in open source projects to quickly learn the inner workings of the core technology and the unique agile development environment, as well as recommended methodologies for contributing code. GE also works with the Cloud Foundry community to develop and contribute open source code to the Cloud Foundry Foundation that will route all industrial messaging protocols. Telecoms are Opening Up. A number of telecom companies are rapidly increasing their engagement with the open source community. Ericsson, for example, regularly contributes projects and is a champion of several key open source initiatives. You can browse through the company’s open source hub here. The company is also one of the most active telecom-focused participants in the effort to advance open NFV and other open technologies that can eliminate historically proprietary components in telecom technology stacks. Ericsson works directly with The Linux Foundation on these efforts, and engineers and developers are encouraged to interface with the open source community. Other organizations in the telecom space who are deeply involved with NFV and open source projects include AT&T, Bloomberg LP, China Mobile, Deutsche Telekom, NTT Group, SK Telekom and Verizon. In a previous post, we also looked at growing enterprise open source programs from Microsoft, Netflix, Facebook, and Google. Many other organizations have active internal open source programs, and we will provide additional coverage of the most notable examples. Learn more in the Fundamentals of Professional Open Source Management training course from The Linux Foundation. Download a sample chapter now. Log in or register to post comments Print This Like  (0 likes) Click Here! Advertisement Training See all LFS465 Software Defined Networking with OpenDaylight March 8, 2017 Learn more LFD301 Introduction to Linux, Open Source Development, and GIT March 13, 2017 Learn more LFD430 Developing Linux Device Drivers March 20, 2017 Learn more Newsletter Related Jobs Sr. Software Engineer (Cloud) SiteMinder Developer Service Delivery Manager Embedded Software Engineer See all Jobs Jobs provided in partnership with Dice.com News Enterprise Desktop Mobile & Embedded Open Source Linux Kernel DevOps Networking Cloud Computing Tutorials Open Source Pro Learn What is Linux? Training Certification Events Webinars Community Participate Q&A Forums Blogs Resources Newsletter Distributions Publications Infographics Photos Videos Jobs About Linux.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Editorial Policy Contact The Linux Foundation is a non-profit consortium enabling collaboration and innovation through an open source development model. Learn More © 2016 The Linux Foundation
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Tuesday, Mar 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Police & Fire Police investigate arson, theft at Walmart on McCord Road BLADE STAFF Published on March 2, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print This image taken from surveillance video at the McCord Road Walmart shows an unidentified female suspect. FACEBOOK/HOLLAND POLICE Enlarge Holland police are investigating a fire set early Wednesday by a 16-year-old that resulted in the evacuation of the Walmart on South McCord Road. A girl in a blue shirt set fire to a rack of children’s clothes at the store, according to the police department’s Facebook page. Holland police arrested the teen on charges of aggravated arson. She was booked in the Lucas County Juvenile Justice Center. Police are still searching for three other unidentified people with the girl, Police Chief Robert Reed said. The four hid merchandise on themselves before fleeing in a silver vehicle, similar to a Dodge Avenger, according to the police department. The blaze broke out shortly before 1 a.m., and the store at 1355 S. McCord Road was evacuated. About 25 employees and 40 customers were in the store at the time, Chief Reed said. The blaze was contained, but smoke spread throughout the store, Chief Reed said. It was unknown how much damage was done to the contents or the structure. Police cleared the scene shortly after 3 a.m. Anyone with information is asked to call Holland police at 419-865-7105. Related Items arson , theft , walmart , holland , Holland Police Department Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newsmusicpoliticshoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Glossary Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Glossary Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Get in Contact Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 621 Fact Check Did Target's Stock 'Crash' Due to Its Transgender Bathroom Policy? The big box retailer gave investors lower-than-expected forecasts due to increasing online sales, news that affected the company's stock price. 621 CLAIM Target's stock crashed because of its transgender bathroom policy. false RATING false ORIGIN On 28 February 2017, Breitbart.com reported that big box retailer Target’s stock had “crashed,” losing a combined total of $15 billion in investor wealth, because of the chain’s announcement in 2016 that it would allow transgender customers and employees to use bathrooms corresponding to their gender identity: Target’s stock value is now down by 30 percent since it sparked a consumer boycott by embracing the transgender political agenda. That 30 percent drop has slashed investors’ wealth by roughly $15 billion. On Tuesday, the stock fell to $58.78, down from its April 19 high of $83.98. In contrast, WalMart is up 3 percent since April, and Kohl’s is down less than one percent. Company officials indirectly acknowledged the consumer boycott. “Our fourth-quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly changing consumer behavior, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores,” Target CEO Brian Cornell said in a company statement. The company also admitted that it would likely continue to experience losses through the year. On 19 April 2016, Target announced that transgender customers and employees were free to use the restroom that corresponded to their gender identity amid a national row on the subject during the 2016 election cycle. The announcement came after North Carolina enacted the controversial HB 2 in March 2016, a law that came to be colloquially termed the “bathroom bill,” and required public single-sex restrooms only be used by people of the corresponding biological sex. The controversy, and Target’s definitive stance, prompted conservative groups like the American Family Association (AFA) to launch a boycott. Nearly 1.5 million people have signed the AFA’s petition as of 1 March 2017. Target shares did plunge on 28 February 2017, but it wasn’t due to its nearly year-old bathroom policy. The drop was due to 2017 guidance announced during an investor day event. Projections were far lower than expected by Wall Street analysts (the term “guidance” means projected earnings). The drop in Target stock corresponds to the announcement made at their investor event: Source: Yahoo! Finance According to Edward Jones analyst Brian Yarbough, Wall Street was expecting Target to project earnings of $5.30 per share, but the company instead gave guidance of $3.80 to $4.20 per share which was “well below” expectations, prompting the drop in share value. According to Reuters, Target’s dive dragged others down with it: Target’s plunge prompted declines across the retail sector. Wal-Mart Stores Inc was down 2.0 percent, with Kroger Co down 1.2 percent and Macy’s Inc off 1.7 percent. Dollar General Corp fell 4.2 percent. What is dogging Target and other retailers has been competition with all-online retailers like Amazon, which do not have the overhead cost of brick-and-mortar locations. Target, for example, has 1,803 stores. “Online players don’t have a huge network of stores and since they don’t have that cost, they can offer lower prices,” Yarbough said. Customers also have the immediate ability to do price-comparisons with smart phones. These changing patterns are reflected in a statement given by Target CEO Brian Cornell: Our fourth quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly-changing consumer behavior, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores. At our meeting with the financial community this morning, we will provide detail on the meaningful investments we’re making in our business and financial model which will position Target for long-term, sustainable growth in this new era in retail. We will accelerate our investments in a smart network of physical and digital assets as well as our exclusive and differentiated assortment, including the launch of more than 12 new brands, representing more than $10 billion of our sales, over the next two years. In addition, we will invest in lower gross margins to ensure we are clearly and competitively priced every day. While the transition to this new model will present headwinds to our sales and profit performance in the short term, we are confident that these changes will best-position Target for continued success over the long term. Although Target offers online shopping, profit there tends to be lower due to associated costs like shipping and price competition from the likes of Amazon. Retailers are struggling to survive with more profitable in-store sales lagging, and lower profit margins due to a growing contingency of online shoppers: Although its e-commerce operation is growing quickly, Target reported its third straight quarter of lower sales from existing stores, citing “unexpected softness” and raising new questions about the health of large national retailers in the United States. Target also forecast first-quarter profit well below Wall Street estimates. Shares sank 13 percent, on track for their biggest one-day percentage drop in more than 18 years. Target’s stock has lost a quarter of its value since the 2016 holiday season started in November, and is now trading at its lowest level since August 2014. Target maintains the bathroom policy has had no effects on its business, with company spokeswoman Erika Winkels telling us in an e-mail, “We have made it clear over time that we’ve seen no material impact to the business based on the bathroom policy. We don’t have anything new or different to share.” A poor performance in the 2016 holiday season was also attributed to online sales outpacing foot traffic, but Target is, again, not the only chain feeling the effects: Department stores across the country are paying the price for underestimating Amazon this holiday season. Macy’s and Kohl’s both reported lower-than-expected sales during the all-important end-of-year retail period, and announced a spate of store closures that will lead to thousands of lost jobs. Sears has even been reduced to selling off one of its iconic brands after a double-digit sales slide. Industry observers blame online competition, as well as department store brands’ own shortfalls in adapting to a fundamental shift in consumer behavior. Nevertheless, Neil Saunders, managing director of GlobalData Retail, told us that Target could be worse off than it is: It’s in a much better position than some retailers because its balance sheet is still robust whereas Sears and Macy’s are in a very difficult position. With Target, it’s much more about tweaking and reinvention at the edges. [The guidance] wasn’t great, but not as bad other people. Saunders told Reuters that while Wal-Mart has been buoyed by successfully offering groceries, Target has not been able to keep up on that front, calling its grocery offerings “confusing.” “Target is neither a full-line grocer nor a player with lots of niche specialty products; it is neither a high-end player, nor a price focused discounter,” he said. It is difficult to say with certainty whether the Target’s commerce overall has been negatively affected by its policy on transgender people. Although company representatives have maintained it has not, shortly after Cornell made the announcement, USA Today reported a study that showed the percentage of people who would consider shopping there the next time they needed something dropped from 42 to 38 percent. But the retail industry as a whole is facing a dramatic shift in consumer behavior, and retailers have struggled to keep pace with it. Target’s late February 2017 stock drop, however, was the result of announcements made during an investor day event, and cannot be attributed to their policy on bathroom use. Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Sources Filed Under: boycott breitbart target +1 more target transgender bathroom policy Fact Checker: Bethania Palma Featured Image: Shutterstock Published: Mar 1st, 2017 Sources: Huston, Warner Todd.   “Target Retailer Hits $15 Billion Loss Since Pro-Transgender Announcement.”     Breitbart.   28 February 2017. Target.com.   “Continuing to Stand for Inclusivity.”     Press Release.   19 April 2016. House Bill 2.   “Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act.”     North Carolina State Legislation.   23 March 2016. American Family Association.   “Sign the Boycott Target Pledge!”     Petition.   20 April 2016. Naidu, Richa et al.   “Target’s Profit Outlook Sinks Retail Stocks.”     Reuters   28 February 2017. Target.com.   “Target Reports Fourth Quarter and Full-Year 2016 Earnings.”     Press Release.   28 February 2017. White, Martha C.   “Department Stores Are Paying the Price for Underestimating Amazon.”     CNBC.   5 January 2017. Malcolm, Hadley.   “Target Brand Perception Falls, But It’s Not ‘Catastrophic.'”     USA Today.   29 April 2016. Ask. Chat. Poke.Snopes Facebook Group View All Featured Video false DidDemocratsRefusetoStandforaNavySEAL’sWidow? Fact Check Politics Mar 1st, 2017 An unrelated image of Keith Ellison and Debbie Wasserman Schultz was apparently used to claim Democrats refused to honor a Navy SEAL's widow during a presidential speech. View All Most Searched false 76K Did Democrats Refuse to Stand for a Navy SEAL’s Widow? Fact Check Politics Mar 1st, 2017 An unrelated image of Keith Ellison and Debbie Wasserman Schultz was apparently used to claim Democrats refused to honor a Navy SEAL's widow during a presidential speech. 5K Photographs Capture Kellyanne Conway Kneeling on Oval Office Couch News Political News Feb 28th, 2017 Images of White House senior adviser Kellyanne Conway's kneeling on an Oval Office couch touched off criticism on social media. UNPROVEN 3K Did Thousands of Marines Apply for White House Detail After Trump Became President? Fact Check Military Feb 24th, 2017 An oddly specific image claims that 13,506 Marines applied to work the White House detail in a single week. FALSE 13K Bumblebee Recalls Tuna with Human Remains? Fact Check Mar 20th, 2016 Claims that cans of Bumble Bee tuna are being recalled due to the discovery of human remains in the product are fake news. MOSTLY TRUE 5K Did Trump Golf Six Times After Complaining About Obama’s Golfing Habits? Fact Check Politics Feb 23rd, 2017 Memes claim that President Trump went golfing six times during his first month in office despite frequently criticizing President Obama for golfing while in office. View All Most Shared false 76K Did Democrats Refuse to Stand for a Navy SEAL’s Widow? Fact Check Politics Mar 1st, 2017 An unrelated image of Keith Ellison and Debbie Wasserman Schultz was apparently used to claim Democrats refused to honor a Navy SEAL's widow during a presidential speech. True 119K Theodore Roosevelt on Criticizing the President Fact Check Politics Updated A passage attributed to Theodore Roosevelt holds that it is unpatriotic, servile, and morally treasonable to proclaim that there must be no criticism of the President. FALSE 8K Did Whoopi Goldberg Say ‘Military Widows Love Their 15 Minutes in the Spotlight?’ Fact Check Fake News Mar 2nd, 2017 Reports that the 'The View' host disparaged Gold Star widows as publicity seekers originated as fake news. mixture 8K ‘Media Silence’ on $12B Reduction to the National Debt During Trump’s First Month? Fact Check Politics Feb 27th, 2017 Although President Trump cited accurate national debt figures in a tweet, the newsworthiness of that information was questionable. 2K New Wave of Bomb Threats Evacuates Jewish Centers in Twelve States News Crime Feb 27th, 2017 A lawmaker in Delaware was meeting with officials at one facility when it was hit with a threat by phone. More from Snopes What’s New Fact Check News About Hot 50 Contact Glossary FAQ Random Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK ×
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 2 March 2017 by Military News 3 Times Amazon Responded Directly to Competitive Threats There are many factors that make Amazon.com (NASDAQ: AMZN) a unique company. It has plunged itself headlong into a number of emerging markets, including e-commerce, cloud computing, and video streaming. It’s been willing to sacrifice profits for long-term growth and market share in a way that no other company of its size has. But the company’s culture has also set it apart. There are many Bezos mantras that guide the company, but none does more so than this: “Put the customer first. Invent. And be patient.” Bezos says those three guidelines have been the secret to the company’s success. Image source: Amazon. Elaborating on the first point, Bezos has repeatedly said that the company is obsessed with customers rather than focused on competitors, and that it responds to customer needs rather than competitive threats. However, Bezos is well known as a cutthroat competitor, and fosters a competitive environment both within the company and the markets it does business in. He has famously said about rivals, “Your margin is my opportunity.” Though the idea that Amazon only cares about customers and not competitors may buffer the company’s image as a consumer darling, it’s far from the truth. Here are three occasions, including one just last week, when Amazon responded directly and determinedly to competitive threats. 1. Free shipping and Wal-Mart A year ago, Amazon lifted its minimum order for free shipping for Non-Prime members from $35 to $49. The move was seen as a push by Amazon to encourage customers who hadn’t already to sign up for Prime memberships, and to trim exploding shipping costs. In the past year, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) has stepped up its focus on e-commerce, expanding its online grocery pickup program and acquiring Jet.com for $3.3 billion. As part of that strategy, Wal-Mart said a month ago that it would offer free two-day shipping on orders of $35 or more in an attempt to challenge Amazon Prime. Just a few weeks after Wal-Mart made that announcement, Amazon lowered its free-shipping minimum again to $35, back down from $49, in a clear response to Wal-Mart. Notably, Amazon does not promise two-day shipping for such orders, reserving that benefit for Prime members. Still, the move shows how closely Amazon is guarding its advantage in e-commerce and its reputation for fast, free shipping. 2. Diapers.com face-off In 2010, Amazon noticed that its diaper sales, a key category as it helps bring in new parents, were slipping, going instead to upstart Quidsi, which owned Diapers.com. Amazon dealt with the problem by attempting to buy Quidsi, but when it was rebuffed it responded by dropping its diaper prices by as much as a third in an attempt to strongarm Quidsi into a sale. Although Quidsi also received a bid from Wal-Mart, Amazon’s strategy proved successful and it bought Quidsi for $545 million in November 2010. Notably, Amazon is facing off again with Quidsi co-founder Marc Lore, who went on to found Jet.com after a two-year stint with Amazon following the Quidsi purchase. Lore now has Wal-Mart’s backing as he attempts another assault on Amazon, yet another reason why this rivalry is only heating up. 3. Everyday pricing algorithm Amazon’s sophisticated pricing algorithm, which it adjusts millions of times a day, is perhaps the best example of how the company is often more focused on competitors than customers. The company, for instance, often prioritizes products it sells over those sold by thrid-party vendors on its marketplace even when those are cheaper, according to a study by ProPublica. Amazon also gives an advantage to vendors who pay it for services such as fulfillment. Oddly enough, Amazon’s closest competitors are sometimes those vendors selling on its website. Another study showed that Amazon manipulates price perception by often offering a discount on the most popular items, but rarely doing so on less popular ones, creating the perception that it offers the lowest price when that’s often not the case. The company may deserve its reputation for putting the customer first, as it often makes allowances that other businesses might not, and programs like Prime have been customer favorites — but it’s foolish to assume that Amazon ignores competitive actions just because it says so. Like any other business, it needs to respond to rivals in order to grow and succeed. Find out why Amazon is one of the 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. (In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market!*) Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Amazon is on the list — but there are nine others you may be overlooking. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of February 6, 2017 Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsassault, Business, Companies, company, Computing, Culture, Environment, jet, Markets, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dow Jones Industrial Average Skyrockets 303 Points, Roars to Record Highs Next PostNext What’s Behind Square’s Stellar Fourth Quarter? Search Recent Posts Auriant Mining AB (publ) announces Kara-Beldyr resources update Auriant Mining AB (publ) publicerar uppdateringar om Kara-Beldyr-fyndigheten The 2017 Digital Edge 50 Award honors Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise Connected Products and Big Data Initiative SMi release exclusive interview ahead of Paediatric Clinical Trials: Senior Statistical Scientist from Roche Limited DataBank Is Excited to Announce Their Partnership With Hyperfish Proudly powered by WordPress
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Tuesday, Mar 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Police & Fire Holland police seek to identify suspects in Walmart fire Department posted images from surveillance video on its Facebook page BLADE STAFF Published on March 1, 2017 | Updated 1:38 p. m. This image taken from surveillance video at the McCord Road Walmart shows a suspect in a blue shirt who police say set fire to a rack of children's clothes. FACEBOOK/HOLLAND POLICE This image taken from surveillance video at the McCord Road Walmart shows an unidentified female suspect. FACEBOOK/HOLLAND POLICE This image taken from surveillance video at the McCord Road Walmart shows two unidentified suspects. FACEBOOK/HOLLAND POLICE Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Holland Police are investigating a fire that started at a South McCord Road Walmart early today. According to video surveillance, an unidentified woman may have started the fire, Holland Police Chief Robert Reed said. There were at least three identified other people with her, according to the police department’s Facebook page.   The four people concealed merchandise and started the fire, the department’s Facebook post said. The blaze was set to a rack of children’s clothes, but what started the fire is still being investigated, Chief Reed said. The suspects fled in a silver vehicle, similar to a Dodge Avenger, according to the police department. The store at 1355 S. McCord Road was evacuated when the blaze broke out about 12:49 a.m. There were about 25 employees and 40 customers in the store at the time, Chief Reed said. The blaze was contained, but there was smoke throughout the store, Chief Reed said. Chief Reed said he was waiting for a damage report from store officials. Police cleared the scene around 3:08 a.m. Police continue to investigate. Those with information should call the Holland Police Department at 419-865-7105. Related Items holland , walmart , fire , springfield township Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
17 nonprofit leaders to watch in 2017 News Breaking News Mahoning suspect arrested with drugs, syringes and her baby, police say Police lights FILE PHOTO/THE MORNING CALL A Carbon County woman sought on an arrest warrant was found last month outside the Mahoning Township Walmart with drugs, syringes and her 5-month-old baby, police said. A Carbon County woman sought on an arrest warrant was found last month outside the Mahoning Township Walmart with drugs, syringes and her 5-month-old baby, police said. (FILE PHOTO/THE MORNING CALL) Frank WarnerContact ReporterOf The Morning Call Nesquehoning suspect arrested with drugs, syringes and her baby, police say A Carbon County woman sought on an arrest warrant was found last month outside the Mahoning Township Walmart with drugs, syringes and her 5-month-old baby, police said. Township police spotted Holly M. Koch, 24, of Nesquehoning at 2:05 a.m. Feb. 1 as she got out of the vehicle and went into the Walmart on Blakeslee Boulevard Drive East, just southwest of Lehighton. Koch was taken into custody when she came out. Police said they found methamphetamine, syringes, a scale and empty bags in the vehicle. They also found her baby son and a man, police said. The baby was placed with a family member, police said. Police Chief Audie Mertz said the arrest warrant for Koch was for a parole violation related to a 2012 burglary case in which she pleaded guilty to criminal trespassing and corruption of a minor. Caption Police investigating death of Palmer Township woman Palmer Township Police Department detectives are investigating the death of a woman killed at her home on Saddle Lane in Palmer Township on Friday evening. Palmer Township Police Department detectives are investigating the death of a woman killed at her home on Saddle Lane in Palmer Township on Friday evening. Caption Police investigating death of Palmer Township woman Palmer Township Police Department detectives are investigating the death of a woman killed at her home on Saddle Lane in Palmer Township on Friday evening. Palmer Township Police Department detectives are investigating the death of a woman killed at her home on Saddle Lane in Palmer Township on Friday evening. Caption Police searching for man wanted in connection with homicide in Palmer Township Palmer Township police are trying to find a 45-year-old man who is a suspect in a homicide in the township, according to scanner reports. The man is described as being unstable and may become violent, police dispatchers radioed around 5:15 p.m. Emergency dispatchers said the man may have a shotgun. Palmer Township police and the Northampton County coroner are investigating a death on Saddle Lane. According to dispatchers, the man is wanted in connection with a homicide at that location. Palmer Township police are trying to find a 45-year-old man who is a suspect in a homicide in the township, according to scanner reports. The man is described as being unstable and may become violent, police dispatchers radioed around 5:15 p.m. Emergency dispatchers said the man may have a shotgun. Palmer Township police and the Northampton County coroner are investigating a death on Saddle Lane. According to dispatchers, the man is wanted in connection with a homicide at that location. Caption WATCH: Aerial video of I-81 pileup in Schuylkill County A pileup in a snow squall closed Interstate 81 in Schuylkill County on Friday afternoon, March 3, 2017. (courtesy Schuylkill County Firewire) A pileup in a snow squall closed Interstate 81 in Schuylkill County on Friday afternoon, March 3, 2017. (courtesy Schuylkill County Firewire) Caption Hanover Township office building evacuated for second time this week due to odor Police, fire and ambulance crews were on scene Thursday at 90 S. Commerce Way as employees were evacuated for the second time in a week due to an odor inside the building in a Hanover Township, Northampton County, office park.  Police, fire and ambulance crews were on scene Thursday at 90 S. Commerce Way as employees were evacuated for the second time in a week due to an odor inside the building in a Hanover Township, Northampton County, office park.  Caption Flames damage Bethlehem apartment house, displacing 15 An apartment house at 2706 Linden St., Bethlehem, was damaged Thursday afternoon by a fire that appeared to start in a second-floor apartment before it spread. Fifteen people were displaced. An apartment house at 2706 Linden St., Bethlehem, was damaged Thursday afternoon by a fire that appeared to start in a second-floor apartment before it spread. Fifteen people were displaced. Officer Tyler Meek, who handled the burglary investigation, recognized Koch last month at the Walmart, Mertz said. Because of what was found Feb. 1 in the vehicle, Koch was charged with possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia, police said. The vehicle's driver, Michael Maguschak, 28, of Beavers Meadows, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia and driving with a suspended license. — Frank Warner Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Breaking Popular Obits Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds Go Guide App 39°
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 3 Times Amazon Responded Directly to Competitive Threats Amazon likes to claim it's concerned with customers rather than competitors, but the facts don't bear that out. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Mar 1, 2017 at 7:44PM There are many factors that make Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) a unique company. It has plunged itself headlong into a number of emerging markets, including e-commerce, cloud computing, and video streaming. It's been willing to sacrifice profits for long-term growth and market share in a way that no other company of its size has. But the company's culture has also set it apart. There are many Bezos mantras that guide the company, but none does more so than this: "Put the customer first. Invent. And be patient." Bezos says those three guidelines have been the secret to the company's success. Image source: Amazon. Elaborating on the first point, Bezos has repeatedly said that the company is obsessed with customers rather than focused on competitors, and that it responds to customer needs rather than competitive threats. However, Bezos is well known as a cutthroat competitor, and fosters a competitive environment both within the company and the markets it does business in. He has famously said about rivals, "Your margin is my opportunity." Though the idea that Amazon only cares about customers and not competitors may buffer the company's image as a consumer darling, it's far from the truth. Here are three occasions, including one just last week, when Amazon responded directly and determinedly to competitive threats. 1. Free shipping and Wal-Mart A year ago, Amazon lifted its minimum order for free shipping for Non-Prime members from $35 to $49. The move was seen as a push by Amazon to encourage customers who hadn't already to sign up for Prime memberships, and to trim exploding shipping costs. In the past year, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) has stepped up its focus on e-commerce, expanding its online grocery pickup program and acquiring Jet.com for $3.3 billion. As part of that strategy, Wal-Mart said a month ago that it would offer free two-day shipping on orders of $35 or more in an attempt to challenge Amazon Prime. Just a few weeks after Wal-Mart made that announcement, Amazon lowered its free-shipping minimum again to $35, back down from $49, in a clear response to Wal-Mart. Notably, Amazon does not promise two-day shipping for such orders, reserving that benefit for Prime members. Still, the move shows how closely Amazon is guarding its advantage in e-commerce and its reputation for fast, free shipping. 2. Diapers.com face-off In 2010, Amazon noticed that its diaper sales, a key category as it helps bring in new parents, were slipping, going instead to upstart Quidsi, which owned Diapers.com. Amazon dealt with the problem by attempting to buy Quidsi, but when it was rebuffed it responded by dropping its diaper prices by as much as a third in an attempt to strongarm Quidsi into a sale. Although Quidsi also received a bid from Wal-Mart, Amazon's strategy proved successful and it bought Quidsi for $545 million in November 2010. Notably, Amazon is facing off again with Quidsi co-founder Marc Lore, who went on to found Jet.com after a two-year stint with Amazon following the Quidsi purchase. Lore now has Wal-Mart's backing as he attempts another assault on Amazon, yet another reason why this rivalry is only heating up. 3. Everyday pricing algorithm Amazon's sophisticated pricing algorithm, which it adjusts millions of times a day, is perhaps the best example of how the company is often more focused on competitors than customers. The company, for instance, often prioritizes products it sells over those sold by thrid-party vendors on its marketplace even when those are cheaper, according to a study by ProPublica. Amazon also gives an advantage to vendors who pay it for services such as fulfillment. Oddly enough, Amazon's closest competitors are sometimes those vendors selling on its website. Another study showed that Amazon manipulates price perception by often offering a discount on the most popular items, but rarely doing so on less popular ones, creating the perception that it offers the lowest price when that's often not the case. The company may deserve its reputation for putting the customer first, as it often makes allowances that other businesses might not, and programs like Prime have been customer favorites -- but it's foolish to assume that Amazon ignores competitive actions just because it says so. Like any other business, it needs to respond to rivals in order to grow and succeed. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Mar 1, 2017 at 7:44PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.88 down $0.15 (-0.21%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $846.61 down $-3.27 (-0.38%) Read More Amazon Forced to Backtrack on Free Shipping Minimum 1 Big Reason Amazon Prime Still Has Room to Grow in the U.S. Amazon Prime Instant Video Is a Huge Loss Leader Here's What Amazon Actually Plans for Physical Stores Amazon.com, Inc. Earnings: Profits March Higher...Again Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 3 Times Amazon Responded Directly to Competitive Threats @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 2 March 2017 | MYT 8:00 AM Skip the line at Walmart with new app feature and 'express lanes' Skip the queue: Walmart claims that the lanes will be installed in nearly all its 4,700 stores by Autumn 2017. — AFP Relaxnews Walmart announced it will start rolling out an update to its app that will allow customers for the Pharmacy and Money Services desks to skip the queue using new Express Lanes. The update, which will start arriving on devices from March 2017, also lets customers order repeat prescriptions directly from their smartphone, and then use the new express lane to quickly pick up their medicine. Walmart claims that the lanes will be installed in nearly all its 4,700 stores by Autumn 2017. Those who use Walmart's money services will also benefit from the update, which includes a simplification of paperless money transfers and payments. Around 25% of the company's money services' locations will be fitted with the new fast-track lanes. The Walmart app updates will be available on both iOS and Android. —  AFP Relaxnews Related Stories You May Be Interested Malaysian shuttlers safe after an eventful flight to Birmingham Pyongyang bans Malaysians from leaving N. Korea Rich Gen-Y kids making their own mark Residents say project is risky Kampung Baru Kelab Suleiman Gallery left abandoned, falling to pieces This photographer takes striking shots with mobile camera Others Also Read Williams urges Koeman to see out Everton project MATTA: Visa requirement won’t affect tourism Tough trail awaits in cross-country championship advertisement Latest News TomTom banks on partnerships to help drivers escape traffic jams Celcom offers RM1mil worth of cash prizes for shoot-em-up game South Korean startups band together to survive in land of the chaebol WhatsApp joins arsenal of online luxury amid race for customers Uber needs more than ‘leadership help’ for its boss: opinion Most Viewed in Tech WhatsApp joins arsenal of online luxury amid race for customers Uber needs more than ‘leadership help’ for its boss: opinion South Korean startups band together to survive in land of the chaebol Uber skids have Lyft steering for passing lane Facebook doesn’t understand German, at least not in court Snap shares sink as IPO euphoria vanishes Photo Kit: Another one bites the dust Celcom offers RM1mil worth of cash prizes for shoot-em-up game Honor 6X: Phone on a budget When I was a boy 2: Life before technology Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Most Read Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Video Store More Most Read The Brawny Man is now a Brawny Woman Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Store Posted Mar 6 Improve any novel by changing its second line to “And then the murders began” 2 Inquisition's Ominous Doctrines Of The Perpetual Mystical Macrocosm album cover Posted Mar 6 Metal music still has an unaddressed Nazi problem 3 Photo: Warner Bros. Posted Mar 7 King Kong goes to war in the Vietnam-themed monster mash Skull Island 4 Staying Alive Posted Feb 8 On with the worst: Movies with a zero-percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Store Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire (Photo: Getty Images/WireImages, Johnny Nunez) Luke Wilson and Tracy Morgan are The Shitheads Suicide Squad Margot Robbie to star in Marian, a movie about Robin Hood’s death The Latest From Features Photo: 20th Century Fox A cross on its side: Logan gets religion James Mercer (Photo: Nikki Fenix) The Shins’ James Mercer on drawing inspiration from skateboarding The Latest From Reviews B Photo: Warner Bros. King Kong goes to war in the Vietnam-themed monster mash Skull Island A- Photo: Libby McGuire Lyrical realism illuminates real immigration in the stunning Exit West The Latest From Videos George Saunders on casting his 166-narrator audiobook   Jen Kober loves fish food, but it’s not what you think   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! (Photo: Getty Images, Jack Brockway) / (Photo: Getty Images/AFP, Mandel Ngan) Let Twitter explain the difference between Obamacare and the GOP replacement Photo: Loganberry Books (Facebook) Here’s what a bookstore would look like with no male authors All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Video Store Newswire Great Job, Internet! Get The Latest AUX Newswire The Brawny Man is now a Brawny Woman By Marah Eakin@marahe Posted Mar 3, 2017 See all latest Hubba-hubba (Photo: Brawny) Hubba-hubba (Photo: Brawny) Share Tweet Share Tweet Wrap it up ladies, because we’ve finally accomplished it all: The Brawny Man is being turned into a Brawny Woman. As part of Georgia-Pacific’s #StrengthHasNoGender initiative, Wal-Mart will be selling special commemorative “Brawny Woman” 8-packs of paper towels all March, which just happens to be Women’s History Month. Pick some up to clean up all your kids’ kitchen messes, ladies! You’re doing the cleaning, after all, whether you’re on the label or not. And here’s hoping Wal-Mart has them on sale, since you’re going to need a deal, given that you’re making just $.79 for every male dollar, and your income will probably peak when you’re just 39. But it’s the little victories, right? Sales of the product—which, by the way, is owned by The Koch Brothers—will help fund a $75,000 donation Brawny is making to Girls Inc.’s SMART programming, which is a totally valid program meant to nurture girls interested in science, technology, engineering, and math. [via Real Simple] Submit your Newswire tips here. Share Tweet Filed Under: AUX, feminism, Brawny, The Brawny Man More Newswire Previous Newswire Damn, Tilda Swinton looks like a stunt double from Grumpy Old Men Next Newswire We hereby decree that Trump is a horrible speller WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Content continues below A.V. Club Most Read 1 Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Store Posted Mar 6 Improve any novel by changing its second line to “And then the murders began” 2 Inquisition's Ominous Doctrines Of The Perpetual Mystical Macrocosm album cover Posted Mar 6 Metal music still has an unaddressed Nazi problem 3 Photo: Warner Bros. Posted Mar 7 King Kong goes to war in the Vietnam-themed monster mash Skull Island 4 Staying Alive Posted Feb 8 On with the worst: Movies with a zero-percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes More Newswire Luke Wilson and Tracy Morgan are The Shitheads Mar 6, 2017 8:56 PM Margot Robbie to star in Marian, a movie about Robin Hood’s death Mar 6, 2017 8:17 PM Los Angeles is getting its very own La La Land concert Mar 6, 2017 7:23 PM Future just made history on the Billboard charts Mar 6, 2017 7:05 PM Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy The A.V. Club Store Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2017 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness After Insider Selling March 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Traders bought shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) on weakness during trading hours on Friday following insider selling activity. $168.37 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $79.18 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $89.19 million into the stock. Of all companies tracked, Wal-Mart Stores had the 5th highest net in-flow for the day. Wal-Mart Stores traded down ($0.73) for the day and closed at $70.03Specifically, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total value of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 12,617,391 shares of company stock valued at $900,745,763. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of equities research analysts have commented on the company. Instinet reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $81.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Cowen and Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $83.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $73.85 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $74.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc assumed coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 price target for the company. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $74.60. The stock has a market cap of $214.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.99 and a beta of 0.09. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $68.37 and its 200-day moving average is $70.06. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $130.22 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.49 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.91%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio is presently 43.48%. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $354,000. SNS Financial Group LLC raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 88.4% in the fourth quarter. SNS Financial Group LLC now owns 7,026 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $486,000 after buying an additional 3,297 shares in the last quarter. AE Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $634,000. Miles Capital Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $220,000. Finally, Putnam Investments LLC raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 13.5% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 1,392,372 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $96,241,000 after buying an additional 165,857 shares in the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. “Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness After Insider Selling” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/03/investors-buy-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-on-weakness-after-insider-selling.html. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  WEATHER ALERT: Blowing snow advisory in central Sask. including Saskatoon. // READ MORE Nintendo Switch sells out in Saskatoon hours after launch Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By JT Marshall March 3, 2017 - 4:46pm Dean Pasloski/Facebook Dean Pasloski, 42, poses with his new Nintendo Switch on release day March 3, 2017. Nintendo Switch flew off the shelves in Canada after its midnight release Friday. "I found out the Walmart had four left, so I rushed in my car to that location this morning," said Tyler Carr from Brooks, Alta. "When I got to Walmart, they sold the last two to me and another guy." Electronic stores in Saskatoon sold out by 2 p.m. Friday. Dean Pasloski, 42, pre-ordered his Nintendo Switch from the local Toys R Us. “I just went at like 1 p.m. – I’m too old to stand in line,” Pasloski said. The system hooks up to a console to play at home on a television, or can come out of the docking station for mobile gameplay. “I’m excited for being able to play on the go. For instance, while I’m at work – just don’t tell my boss!” Pasloski joked. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is the system’s flagship game. Other recognizable titles include 1-2-Switch, which comes with the console, and Just Dance 2017. "There are not a lot of games for this system yet," said tech expert Marc Saltzman. "Zelda is the best one so far." Mario Kart 8 Deluxe doesn't come out until April 28 and Super Mario Odyssey won't be available until December. – With files from 650 CKOM’s Daniella Ponticelli. Email jmarshall@rawlco.com Twitter @JTMarshallCKOM Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  Local, Nintendo Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Mar 06 Road Work For Monday Mar 03 Road Work For Friday Mar 02 Road Work For Thursday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
Sections Deseret NewsFamily Family Should parents buy their children a Nintendo Switch? By Herb ScribnerDeseret News@HerbScribner Published: March 3, 2017 1:50 p.m. Updated: yesterday 7 Comments 1 of 1 View 1 Item Koji Sasahara, AP FILE - In this Friday, Jan. 13, 2017, file photo, a model puts the controller onto the Nintendo Switch during a presentation event of the new Nintendo Switch in Tokyo. Nintendo’s new Switch device aims at video gamers who like to play both at home and on the road. It’s an impressive device, notwithstanding trade-offs in appealing to both. The bigger question is whether Nintendo will be able to deliver enough games to keep Switch users happy. (AP Photo/Koji Sasahara, File) Video game fans across the country lined up outside Target, Walmart and Gamestop today for one thing — the Nintendo Switch. But will families embrace the system? The new console, which launched Friday in stores nationwide, isn’t available online, which has forced people to head to their closest Best Buy or Target to pick up their system, USA Today reported. It’s also the reason so many people preordered the device, according to The Verge. You can find your own Nintendo Switch by contacting your local tech store. The system, which costs $299.99 on its own (there are bundles available), drew mixed reviews on Friday, according to The New York Times' roundup of critical reviews. For example, The Seattle Times said Nintendo “needs to make a hit” with the new console if it wants to rebound from previous failures with its Wii-U device. The system already finds itself in a corner, according to The Seattle Times, as it’s purely a gaming console without Netflix or app capabilities. It comes at a time when people find gaming in other places, like their mobile devices. After all, a survey from the NPD Group found that 63 percent of children play games on their phones rather than through PCs or video game consoles. That’s why Ian Sherr, a writer for the tech website CNet, isn’t sure whether his child will love the Nintendo Switch in the same way he enjoyed his own Nintendo system when he was young. Sherr wrote that he looks back fondly on the Nintendo Entertainment System, the Nintendo video game console that rose to popularity in the mid-1980s. (It’s so big today, in fact, Nintendo launched the Nintendo Classic console, a mini-version of the NES, to appease cult followers of the NES device.) Sherr said he played his original NES system for hours without end. Now, almost 30 years later, he has his own son. He’s worried his son won’t like the Nintendo console as much as Sherr enjoyed the NES. “I'm looking at the likely device my son might use when he's ready to start playing his own games in a few years,” Sherr wrote. There are some qualities of the Switch that excite Sherr, like the fact that it has some mobile-esque games included with the device. He’s just unsure if the Nintendo console has the staying power to hook his son, who’s still a few years away from gaming. Opinions aside, Nintendo has worked to make its new device family-friendly. According to the Phone Arena, the new Switch has an iOS and Android app that explains to parents standard behavior when it comes to letting their children play games online. In fact, the video includes Bowser and his son Bowser Jr., who talk about the Switch Parental Controls app, which allows parents to control how much time their children spend on the app. “While other consoles require you to set up these restrictions on the console itself, Nintendo has taken it a step further by allowing parents to bypass the Switch altogether and manage gameplay from a mobile device,” Nintendo Wire explained. These controls — especially the idea of letting parents control how long their children plays — should make for “a lot less stress,” wrote Andy Robertson for Pocket-Lint. The system also comes packed with family-friendly games at an affordable price, Robertson wrote. Less money, less stress and more fun games mean an overall better experience for the family, the website explained. “On balance the Switch is a very exciting proposition for families,” Robertson wrote. “Not only does it have a great line-up of exclusive games, but the new controllers and ways to play will excite gamers of all ages. It offers innovative ways to play and does so with a streamlined approach that is both well thought through and excellently delivered. Add to this ... top notch parental controls and this is a system likely to be in high demand by mums, dads and their children.” Like that? Read this. Family yesterday Smog in the American West: Study shows Asia largely to blame Sponsored by Utah League of Cities and Towns Rockville Bridge Family March 3, 2017 The Clean Cut: Watch the first 5 minutes of 'Tangled Before Ever After' The PopuList 1 Amy Iverson: Should sex offenders be banned from Facebook? 2 Should we fear the future of Facebook? 3 How TV reveals today's challenges and realities of open adoption 4 4 couples race from Miami to Boston to discover family history in BYUtv's 'Relative Race' 5 Michael Phelps speaks in Salt Lake City about the end of his career: 'You saw the real me' View all for Family most Commented 15 Amy Iverson: Should sex offenders be banned from Facebook? 11 Smog in the American West: Study shows Asia largely to blame 8 LDS blogger's journey from abuse, pornography to transformation 7 Should parents buy their children a Nintendo Switch? 5 Tim Tebow says his perfect wife is 'someone who loves Jesus and loves people' 4 Should we fear the future of Facebook? 3 Utah mother graciously donates breast milk intended for her deceased son 2 4 couples race from Miami to Boston to discover family history in BYUtv's 'Relative Race' Tuesday, March, 7, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments 3 Huntsville teens charged with attempted murder in Wal-Mart parking lot shooting Print Email Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com By Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 03, 2017 at 2:39 PM, updated March 03, 2017 at 2:41 PM comments File photo  Three suspects charged with attempted murder in a Walmart parking lot shooting are now in custody, Huntsville police announced today. Dylan Potter, 19, Christopher Pressnell, 17, and Kendrick Patterson, 19, all of Huntsville, have been charged in the Feb. 12 shooting that seriously injured one person, Lt. Stacy Bates said. The shooting occurred when the victim was in the suspects' vehicle making a gun transaction outside the Wal-Mart on Sparkman Drive, Bates said. Patterson was arrested Feb. 22. The other two suspects later turned themselves into police, with Pressnell being last one apprehended Thursday. Bates said the victim is expected to survive. Additional details haven't yet been released, and court documents haven't yet been made public. Mugshots of the suspects also haven't been released. Bates said he's not sure why the suspects' photos haven't been published to the website of the Madison County Jail, where the suspects were being held. Must-see concerts in Alabama this year ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire destroys home near Ridgefield Arrest made in child abduction at hospital Vancouver students march for immigrants, minorities Vancouver Public Schools inclement weather waiver granted Vancouver mom appears in court for drug case House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Man, 27, arrested in Washougal homicide investigation Triple-murder suspect Brent Luyster pleads not guilty Rain, snow mix delays schools, create slick roads Off Beat: Railway not just a place to make a living, but a place to live House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Southwest Washington lawmakers are determined to prove to their counterparts in Oregon that they are ready to revive conversations about… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Community notebook: Free tennis gear giveaway at VTC on Saturday, March 11 Local MMA fighter seeks to keep his star rising Gonzaga reaches 20th straight WCC final Buscher steps down as Skyview girls basketball coach Trail Blazers-Timberwolves game postponed by slick court Weekly high school sports schedule, March 6-11 A tweak here and there could improve RPI Closeness means more than a trophy to Union Stanford rallies past OSU to win Pac-12 tournament Clark draws Whatcom in NWAC Tournament opener Closeness means more than a trophy to Union The Titans don't play for hardware. They play for each other. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories GM eliminating shift at plant; 1,100 jobs affected Organization hosts event to help new entrepreneurs Third Parkrose Hardware open for business Self-storage facility proposed near Vancouver Mall Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier Losses for banks pull U.S. stocks further from record highs Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone maker Trump cheers Exxon plan to spend $20 billion on Gulf Coast projects Make yourself at home in new office Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Vic LeGall is the quintessential Northwest outdoors enthusiast. He owned his own sailboat by age 12 and has enjoyed a… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle Chrissy Teigen reveals postpartum depression battle Vancouver man’s heart condition keeps him from ‘Ninja’ dream   Simone Biles to go for gold on ‘Dancing With Stars’ U.S. poet laureate says use your voice Brain cheers texting and driving ‘Zodiac’ still terrifying, relevant ‘Moonlight’ stars head from Oscars to school Battle Ground woman walks across Spain, twice, and finds her pace Don’t let giving give you a hassle Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle BANGKOK — Tossing coins in a fountain for luck is a popular superstition, but a similar belief brought misery to… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Time to Talk About Bridge Pitts: Newspapers have always had value as watchdogs Letter: Speak out against tyranny Letter: Continue to allow snow tires Letter: Work for liberty and justice for all Letter: Keep the air clean Letter: Beware progressive ideology In Our View: Oil Terminal Just a Bad Idea Jayne: Sky isn’t falling, it’s just dirtier under President Trump Ambrose: Trump moves forward Editorial Cartoons March 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has A Story: Snaking through canyon an adventure to remember Spotlight on youth Battle Ground schools get grant for new program An old club gets new life in Vancouver Volunteer Opportunities Nonprofit will award more than $1 million in scholarships this year Stonier brings family flag for Day of Remembrance VolunTEENS clean up community center Student youth group volunteers with St. Vincent de Paul High-schoolers head to court for mock trial tournament Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Ringleader sentenced to life without parole for killing of armored-car guard in Lakewood By Alexis Krell, The News Tribune Published: March 3, 2017, 10:28 AM A   A Almost eight years after armored-car guard Kurt Husted was shot and killed, his family thinks they might have seen the man who orchestrated his murder for the last time. Pierce County Superior Court Judge John Hickman sentenced Odies Walker, 49, on Thursday to life in prison without parole for the fatal robbery in 2009 at the Lakewood Walmart. “Hopefully, we can put the thing to rest forever,” Ron Husted, the victim’s father, said afterward. It was the second time Walker had gotten the sentence for Husted’s death. The Washington Supreme Court overturned his first conviction in 2015, because of inflammatory slides in the prosecution’s closing argument. Last month, a second jury convicted Walker of the same charges – aggravated first-degree murder and other crimes. Husted’s sister spoke at the first sentencing in 2011, and again Thursday. “This creature does not deserve to live,” Kirsten Husted Olin told the court about Walker. “He is a waste of space and oxygen. . Life in prison will have to do.” Her brother, she said, was a mentor and hero to her two sons. She said the younger, at 26, looks very much like his uncle and sometimes she is still startled by the resemblance. “My heart stops,” she said. The day of the shooting she was supposed to hear from her brother, she told the court, because it was her birthday. “Now that day is always the day that my brother was murdered,” she said. Walker’s cousin, Calvin Finley, confessed to shooting Husted in the head as the 38-year-old Loomis armored-car guard was making a pickup at Walmart. Finley and an accomplice took the money bag, and Walker was waiting outside in a getaway car. Deputy Prosecutors Angelica Williams and Dawn Farina argued that Walker organized the heist and planned for Husted to die. He was on the phone with Finley during the robbery, they said, and shouted for him to shoot Husted. After the robbery, Walker went shopping at a Walmart in Federal Way and took his family out to dinner, the prosecutors told jurors during the trial. Walker didn’t speak at his sentencing. Defense attorney Byran Hershman told the court his client “grew up in a very bad part of Chicago” and that three of his five siblings have died. “He is a two-legged contradiction in many respects,” Hershman said of Walker, who he said had been polite in their interactions and very involved in raising his children. The attorney described the kids as well-mannered and successful in school. Hershman also said Walker was remorseful for Husted’s death, and when surveillance footage of the shooting played at trial, he turned away and told his attorney: “I can’t watch this anymore.” Husted’s family didn’t buy talk of remorse. They believe Walker is evil and cared only about the money, they said. “We just don’t ever want to see him again,” Husted Olin said outside court. Judge Hickman told the family he thought the best retribution would be for Husted’s loved ones to “live your life to the fullest.” “You’ve had to go through this two times,” he said. Starting to move on would honor Husted, the judge told them. And they said they have. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Notifications The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic - transitioning to app! 3 Big Things Home   >  News   >  Local Posted: 12:00 p.m. Friday, March 3, 2017 Man accused of threatening to blow up south Tulsa Walmart He has a criminal past View Larger  Darity Related Girl, mom claim ghost photobombed selfie Navy finds way to save billions on bombs Get the KRMG app! By Michael Purdy Tulsa, Okla. — A man was taken into custody this week after threatening to bomb a south Tulsa Walmart not once, but twice.  During the second threat, he reportedly left a note at the Walmart near 68th and Memorial.  KRMG's told he left a similar note at a nearby apartment complex.  Tulsa police tell us Derek Darity has an extensive criminal history and they're just glad he's off the streets. "We've been looking for him," police said.  "We have some cases on him.  They then filed the bomb threat charges on him." You might remember Darity as the suspect arrested back in December, for allegedly stealing from Kohl’s while dressed in body armor. He has been booked into the Tulsa County Jail. There are no comments yet. Be the first to post your thoughts. Sign in or register.     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Trending News Police: Man says he stabbed mother to death because she is vampire, he is werewolf Trump says Planned Parenthood can keep federal funding if it halts abortions House Republicans unveil plan to repeal and replace Obamacare Police investigate after infant found face down in dirty mop water Wife takes plea deal for killing husband and two sex partners he found on Craigslist   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - America's News Feed About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
NESN Boston Red Sox Boston Bruins New England Patriots Boston Celtics NFL News MLB News NBA News NHL News Cars Soccer News UFC WWE Odds Fantasy About Red Sox Bruins Patriots Celtics MLB NFL NBA NHL Cars Soccer UFC WWE Odds Fantasy TV Schedule NESN Fuel NESN Video NESN National Advertise Careers About Search Red Sox Spring Training Live Streams NESN Fuel Georgia Native Chase Elliott Feels Love From Hometown Dawsonville Walmart by Dakota Randall on Fri, Mar 3, 2017 at 10:44AM 2,853 Share this: Tweet There’s virtually nothing you can’t find at your local Walmart. And for NASCAR driver Chase Elliott, the store’s seemingly endless inventory includes a whole lot of love. Elliott and his Monster Energy NASCAR Cup colleagues are in Atlanta this weekend for the Folds of Honor QuikTrip 500. The trip enabled Elliott to pay his hometown Dawsonville, Ga., a visit, including a stop at the local Walmart. Once in the store, Elliott came across a shrine the likes of which he’d probably never seen before. Hometown Walmart is ready for the weekend! pic.twitter.com/1lu9fk3ydp — Chase Elliott (@chaseelliott) February 28, 2017 This isn’t very surprising, as Dawsonville has a rich racing history, home to both Chase and his father, legendary NASCAR driver Bill Elliott. Hometown superstores aren’t the only sources of love for Elliott this season, as the 21-year-old Hendrick Motorsports driver is one of the more buzzed-about names in the Cup series. Elliott looked poised to win his first career Cup race during last weekend’s Daytona 500, but he ultimately finished 14th after running out of fuel with three laps remaining. More Stories Watch Kawhi Leonard Hit Clutch 3-Pointer, Make Game-Saving Block Vs. Rockets Bruins’ Struggles Against Senators Continue On Monday With 4-2 Loss Bruins Struggle To Create Offense In Frustrating 4-2 Loss To Senators NCAA Tournament 2017 Automatic Bids Tracker: List Of Conference Champions Timberwolves-Blazers Game Postponed Due To Slippery Court Conditions NESN Team Dale Arnold Guerin Austin Andy Brickley Tom Caron Matt Chatham Mike Cole Courtney Cox Zack Cox Sarah Davis Marc DiBenedetto Ricky Doyle Dennis Eckersley Jack Edwards Keely Flanagan Sam Galanis Nicholas Goss Darren Hartwell John Henry Rachel Holt Andre Khatchaturian Doug Kyed Adam London Steve Lyons Cameron McDonough Charlie Moore Marcus O’Mard Adam Pellerin Jerry Remy Nikki Reyes Jim Rice Joshua Schrock Michaela Vernava Ben Watanabe Jahmai Webster News from COED Naked Louisiana Man Tripping On LSD Leads Police On Wild Car Chase 13-Year-Old Terry DiFalco Killed By New Jersey State Trooper While On School Scavenger Hunt Emily Lofing, 27-Year-Old Teacher, Arrested On Charges Of ‘Debauchery Of A Minor’ Steve Harvey Net Worth 2017: How Much Is Steve Harvey Worth Now? College Basketball Coaches 2017: Current Head Coaches Full List Heather Nauert Net Worth 2017: How Much Is FOX Anchor Worth Now? News from thesportsdaily.com Andrew Bogut suffers knee injury just minutes into first game with Cavs Why Jaylen Brown has a shot to win Rookie of the Year award Cris Carter believes Patriots should take a flyer on Brandon Marshall Ranking the NFL’s 25 best free agents before market opens Floyd Mayweather’s ‘TMT’ van set on fire by local mob in London Sports Topics Boston Bruins Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox New England Patriots Liverpool FC Baltimore Orioles Boston Boxing Brooklyn Nets Buffalo Bills Buffalo Sabres College Basketball College Football Entertainment Fenway Park Fenway Sports Group Golf Horse Racing Los Angeles Lakers Miami Dolphins Montreal Canadiens New York Giants NASCAR New England Revolution New York Jets New York Knicks New York Rangers New York Yankees Roush Fenway Soccer Tampa Bay Rays Tennis Toronto Blue Jays Toronto Maple Leafs UFC WWE NESN Sources 98.5 Alexa ACE Ticket BostonBruins.com Boston Globe Boston Herald CraveOnline Celtics.com Chartbeat Compete comScore CSN New England ESPN Patriots.com NFL.com NHL.com Quantcast RedSox.com WEEI YES Network Recent Stories Celtics Wrap: Huge Second-Half Run Sparks Clippers To Win Over Boston Bruins Will Not Raise Season-Ticket Prices For Second Consecutive Year Paul Pierce Questioned His Celtics Future After 2007 NBA Draft Lottery NESN Links About NESN Advertise on NESN Contact NESN FAQ Email List Subscribe Unsubscribe NESN on Facebook NESN on Google+ NESN on Twitter NESN on YouTube NESN RSS Feed Privacy Policy Terms of Use Certifications © 2017 NESN Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza Announces the “Spin To Win” Promotion CLACKAMAS, Ore., March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza, a national pizza brand sold in all Walmart retail locations, is offering consumers and pizza fanatics everywhere the chance to win great prizes, now through March 7!  “We want to thank our customers for their loyalty while spreading the word about Wild Mike’s, so we are giving them an exciting opportunity to win daily with the Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza ‘Spin To Win’ promotion!” said Scotty Conerly, V.P. of Marketing at Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza. Customers can visit www.wildmikesultimatepizza.com and spin the interactive slot machine game for their chance to win.  The game is free to play and is accessible on any mobile, tablet, or desktop device.  One hundred Prize Packs, which include a Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza t-shirt, beanie, and rebel stickers, may be won instantly.  At the end of the promotion, one lucky entrant will be selected to win the Grand Prize – a new television, surround speaker sound system, pizza rebel gear, and four Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizzas.  Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza tagged SCA Promotions as a behind-the-scenes partner to build the game.  SCA’s proprietary DrawServer® technology allows Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza to run a contest that is secure with verifiable results. Customers are invited to play daily and they can also visit www.facebook.com/wildmikes to learn more about this great company and what loyal Pizza Rebels have to say about their delicious pizza!  About Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza Wild Mike’s is an ultra-premium product that features both high quality and quantity ingredients, including S.A. Piazza’s signature zesty sauce. Here at Wild Mikes, we’re all about coming together as a family.  Let’s Make Pizza Fun Again! About SCA Promotions Dallas-based SCA Promotions delivers promotional solutions and incentives that connect with consumers, without risk to the sponsor.  For over 30 years, SCA has offered an entire suite of advanced, interactive promotions, imaginative contests, record-breaking sweepstakes, and inventive games designed to engage and motivate.  SCA has covered billions of dollars and paid out over $191 million in cash and prizes for sales and consumer product promotions, lottery and casino jackpots, radio contests, direct mail, Internet, and sports promotions.  SCA has offices in Dallas, London, Las Vegas, and Calgary, with affiliate partners across the globe.  scapromotions.com CONTACT: Tanya Mathis, SCA Promotions 148927@email4pr.com  888-860-3700 SOURCE Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Computing, engage, Internet, Sports, Technology, Uncategorized, Video Games, win Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cloud9 Technologies Receives ISO 27001 Certification Next PostNext Rooter-Man has been ranked the #1 Plumbing Franchise by Entrepreneur Magazine for the 15th consecutive year Search Recent Posts Auriant Mining AB (publ) announces Kara-Beldyr resources update Auriant Mining AB (publ) publicerar uppdateringar om Kara-Beldyr-fyndigheten The 2017 Digital Edge 50 Award honors Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise Connected Products and Big Data Initiative SMi release exclusive interview ahead of Paediatric Clinical Trials: Senior Statistical Scientist from Roche Limited DataBank Is Excited to Announce Their Partnership With Hyperfish Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Snapchat IPO CERAWeek SXSW Trader Talk CNBC Disruptor 50 Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Retailers are blaming bad results on the IRS being too slow to deliver tax refunds Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 10:33 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Lucas Jackson | Reuters Shoppers look at merchandise at a Walmart store in Secaucus, N.J. Uncle Sam is taking a lot of heat from retailers. With sales off to a rough start in the new fiscal year, chains from Wal-Mart to Foot Locker and Burlington to Best Buy are blaming a planned delay in tax refunds as one culprit. The credits, which benefit low- to middle-income households with children, are being distributed later by the Internal Revenue Service this year to give the agency adequate time to validate claims. Yet while traffic and sales trends are picking up as checks are delivered, their delay contributed to $57 billion less in refunds being doled out through most of February, according to Morgan Stanley. They also contributed to muted expectations from several major retailers. Though not every company blamed late refunds for soft first-quarter trends, negative outlooks outnumbered the positive by nearly a 5-to-1 margin, according to Retail Metrics. "We have seen, in our businesses and as reported by a third-party service, a substantial reduction in mall traffic in February," L Brands' CFO Stuart Burgdoerfer told investors on the company's latest earnings call. "Is it tax refunds? Who knows what it is. But it was a substantial falloff." Indeed, L Brands on Thursday reported a 13 percent decline in comparable sales for February, due in part to weak mall traffic and the discontinuation of Victoria's Secret swim line. Analysts largely shook off the weak start to February, noting there were no major macroeconomic changes to indicate the drop-off would persist. Meanwhile, February is one of the lowest-volume months for retail sales, minimizing its impact on the quarter. The Commerce Department will release February retail sales figures March 15. It doesn't mean sales will come easy. With several major chains forecasting another quarter of revenue contraction, a record low number of Americans told the National Retail Federation that they'll spend their tax returns this year. Instead, nearly half the survey's respondents who are expecting money back said they'll put it into savings. Roughly one-third said they'd use their refunds to pay down debt. By comparison, just 20 percent will spend their money on everyday expenses, with less than 10 percent using it for major purchases. The NRF survey polled 7,609 Americans and had a margin of error of +/- 1.1 percentage points. "Sure it hurts a little bit, but late tax refunds aren't the culprits for across the board misses," Stacey Widlitz, president of SW Retail Advisors, told CNBC. "Any new story that you're able to blame is great." Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT ---
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 68° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Windy, a few thunderstorms possible. Tonight Windy...scattered thunderstorms. A few storms may be severe. Low around 50F. Winds WSW at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 60%. Updated: March 6, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Sean Proctor A man enters a Staples Inc. store in Clawson, Michigan, on Feb. 29, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Sean Proctor. Retailers had a dismal Christmas and now comes Ryan's import tax By Matt Townsend and Lindsey Rupp Bloomberg Mar 3, 2017 (…) A man enters a Staples Inc. store in Clawson, Michigan, on Feb. 29, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Sean Proctor. Sean Proctor U.S. retailers are coming off one of the worst holiday-shopping seasons in recent memory, and now they have to deal with Paul Ryan. The Republican House Speaker is pushing a corporate tax overhaul that would make imports more expensive, according to the retail industry. If that comes to pass, it would drastically cut into the already-thin profit margins of chains like Best Buy Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. that sell loads of foreign-made goods. "That's all they need," said Ken Perkins, president of researcher Retail Metrics Inc. "Things are already difficult." That's putting it mildly. Retailers are getting hammered on multiple fronts. States have been passing minimum-wage increases that are putting pressure on labor costs. Amazon.com Inc. and other Web players continue to take market share, leading to dramatic declines in visits to many malls. Shoppers also have shifted spending toward their homes and experiences while becoming better bargain hunters. The fourth quarter, which for retailers runs from November through January, was the third time in four years that the industry's earnings declined for that period, according to Retail Metrics. Not even the highest consumer confidence in more than a decade, rising incomes and a surging stock market could save retailers' Christmas. J.C. Penney and Macy's announced massive store-closure plans, which will ripple throughout the industry because their locations anchor shopping malls. Target's stock fell the most since the depths of the recession in 2008 after the company said it would cut prices to win more customers. Even L Brands Inc., often considered one of the better-performing U.S. retailers, isn't immune as its flagship business, Victoria's Secret, struggles. Ryan's tax plan, which includes the border-adjustment provision that has the retail industry so worried, is just a blueprint. President Donald Trump hasn't said whether he supports the idea. Within the White House, there is division with a contingent led by top strategist Steve Bannon in favor and National Economic Council director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin opposed, according to a senior administration official. There has been a lot of debate among corporations about how the border-adjustment tax, or BAT, would work. Supporters, which include net exporters such as General Electric, say a rise in the value of the dollar would offset the increased costs of imported goods. Opponents, which range from retail to autos to shoemakers like Nike, counter that a move in the dollar is more economic theory than a given. And this kind of levy would end up getting passed down to consumers in the form of higher prices. "A lot of the retailers don't want to bet on an economic theory that may or may not play out," said Scot Ciccarelli, an analyst for RBC Capital Markets. "It would be a really big hit to some companies." While House Republicans unveiled this plan last summer, it was largely ignored because Democrat Hillary Clinton was favored to win the White House. But after Trump's victory, the tax was suddenly on the table. Ciccarelli knew little about the idea when he was first asked about it shortly after the election. He then spent a week holed up in his office doing research. "I was asking people 'am I understanding this right?' because it was a different concept," Ciccarelli said. "You aren't taxing a profit. You're effectively taxing a sale amount on an import. Well, that's a game-changer." Ciccarelli published his first report on the subject Dec. 6 with the title "Border-Adjusted Tax Changes Could Materially Impact Retail Earnings," and it received a lot of attention. Soon clients were making investment decisions based on a chain's potential exposure to it, he said. The prospect has weighed on retail stocks. Since the Nov. 8 election, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index has surged about 12 percent, tripling the advance of the SPDR S&P Retail ETF. Even within the retail industry the impact could vary greatly, according to RBC. It would depend largely on how many imported goods a chain sells and its ability to push back on suppliers. There's also a provision in Ryan's plan to start taxing interest payments and offer a new deduction for capital expenditures. This could help retailers that are still opening a lot of stores. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis RBC projected Ryan's tax plan would boost the net income of CarMax, the largest U.S. seller of used autos, by 59 percent. Home Depot and Lowe's would experience modest increases because they import less than other chains and, given their market dominance, would have more power to push back on potential price increases from suppliers. Amazon could get a boost, too. The online giant sells a lot of imported goods, but it could use profits from its web-services unit to eat price increases and undercut competitors. Meanwhile, net profit at Wal-Mart, Dick's Sporting Goods and Costco Wholesale would drop by 45 percent or more. And Best Buy would see an estimated decline of 300 percent, potentially swinging it from a net profit of $1 billion to a loss of $2 billion, according to RBC. "It's a huge gamble and it's bad for American families," Best Buy Chief Executive Officer Hubert Joly said on a call with reporters this week. "It would destroy jobs." And the concern isn't dying down. At an event this week in Washington's Watergate Hotel hosted by the American Apparel & Footwear Association, executives talked about the BAT's potential impact and the difficulty they've had winning over members of Congress. Panelists later were peppered with nervous questions about the industry's lobbying efforts and how companies could prepare if this becomes a reality. "We're not opposed to tax reform, we're opposed to being the scapegoat and having our rights traded away without a seat at the table," said Rick Helfenbein, the trade group's CEO. The industry has gone through the five steps of mourning and now "we reached the anger stage." Bloomberg's Joseph Ciolli contributed. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. A man enters a Staples Inc. store in Clawson, Michigan, on Feb. 29, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Sean Proctor. Sean Proctor U.S. retailers face an increasingly tough 2017, S&P says Retailers are facing headwinds that include rapid e-commerce growth and over-saturation. Tags Retailer Commerce Economics Ciccarelli Company View (…) comments Most popular Demand for Provel cheese, new restaurants equal growth spurt at Imo's Pizza Kona beer is not from Hawaii, consumers say in lawsuit Businesses grapple with hike in St. Louis' minimum wage Dobbs family feud continues: brother accuses sister of defying court order St. Louis jury rejects woman's claims talcum powder contributed to her cancer Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section CSX reaches deal with hedge fund, hires new railroad CEO No cookies for you: Girl Scouts and others get the boot at O'Fallon, Mo., Wal-Mart Electronics retailer HHGregg files for bankruptcy Nicklaus: Stock market is sleepwalking past potential problems Peabody Energy agrees to collateral for mine cleanup costs Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Visit our Your Next Home booth at the Home & Garden show for a chance to win $3,000 in home furnishings from Dau Furniture! You could watch a Blues private practice and have lunch at Sub Zero Vodka Bar! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Hot Topics NFLX AAPL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Market Insight, Financial Articles > Carter’s, Inc. (CRI) Stock Shows Promise in Retail My granddaughter is grooming me as an investing genius By Charles Payne, Editor, Smart Investing  |  Mar 3, 2017, 6:48 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Criticizes Border Tax, And Rightfully So Recent Posts: Carter’s, Inc. (CRI) Stock Shows Promise in Retail Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Criticizes Border Tax, And Rightfully So Qorvo Inc (QRVO) Stock Prone to Air Pockets But Worth the Wait View All Posts Something I talk about all the time is how people know so much more about investment opportunities than they give themselves credit. Think of it this way: At the end of the day, you create the market. Source: Shutterstock Back in 2015, I wrote an article about the best stock picker I know. Most people would answer with an obvious investor, such as Warren Buffett, Carl Icahn or Peter Lynch. For me, however, my mom was the best investor in the world. She didn’t spend her time picking stocks, but indirectly she was fantastic. She always gave me advice on places to buy from; and after looking into the stocks of these places, I always found that they were great investing opportunities. I bring this up because I’ve recently found another great stock picker: my granddaughter, Cassidy. She’s helped make me an investing genius! Her love of Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) has helped my clients and I make a lot of big money, but the stock I’m writing about today is Carter’s, Inc. (NYSE:CRI). Why CRI Stock? If you have, or ever have had, young children, you know this company. It’s the largest branded marketer of apparel and related products for babies and young children in the United States and Canada. The company has many brands, including Carter’s and OshKosh B’gosh, which are two of the most recognized in the marketplace. Its products are sold in department stores, national chains and specialty retailers, both domestically and internationally, as well as through more than 1,000 company-operated stores and online. Carter’s experienced a record year in 2016, and it’s fourth-quarter report was simply the icing on the cake. Adjusted earnings increased 27.9% year-over-year to $1.79 a share and revenue grew 7.8% to $934.2 million. Both results beat the Street, which had estimates for $1.68 a share on the bottom line and $914 on the top. For the full year, the company saw earnings of $5.08 a share on revenue of $3.2 billion. On the conference call, CEO Michael Casey said: “The fourth quarter represented a strong finish to another record year of sales and profitability for Carter’s. Our focus on providing the best value and experience in young children’s apparel, extending the reach of our brands and improving profitability enabled us to achieve our 28th consecutive year of sales growth, improve our margins and increase the return of capital to shareholders.” But the good news doesn’t stop there. Management provided full-year guidance for adjusted earnings growth of 8%-10% to $5.55-$5.65 a share and 4%-6% revenue growth to $3.33-$3.39 billion, both of which beat consensus estimates. They also said their goal is to grow revenue roughly 6% per year over the next five years, which would put sales above $4 billion by 2021. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/cri-stock-shows-promise-in-retail/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Set for All-Time Lows 5 Value Traps Every Investor Must Avoid 3 Gun Stocks That Should BOOM Soon 3 High-Yield Stocks of 14%+: Are They Safe? Don’t Worry About Microsoft Just Yet Tesla Stock Is the New Amazon ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks That Will Hit All-Time Lows in 2017 5 Value Traps Every Investor Must Steer Clear From 3 High-Yield Stocks of 14%-Plus: Are They Safe? 3 Gun Stocks That Will BOOM on the Concealed Carry Act Should I Buy BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY)? 3 Pros, 3 Cons Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Are ALMOST in Buffett Buying Range 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Buy in March 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 Stocks That Will Hit All-Time Highs in 2017 7 Telecom Stocks That Are High-Yield Money Traps 10 Dangerous Dividend Stocks to Dump Now Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Cutest coyote ever found hiding behind potted plant Incredible shots of 'Glory Hole' is spilling over Gov Abbott tells NFL to back off from threats Photos: A slice of the Caribbean is coming to Houston Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year-old shooter Trial starts for Woodlands man charged with drug trafficking in Prominent attorney may land back in court over expunged DWI case Local prosecutor wrongfully blamed for racist Twitter posts, US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos American Legion Riders say they were harassed by staff at Single mom's message about her tax return goes viral Boxer Yusaf Mack beats online troll in real life at Philadelphia Explainer: Department of Homeland Security's sweeping immigration Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Rockets fail to slow down Kawhi Leonard in crushing defeat to Coach D'Antoni reflects on time coaching Spurs' Pau Gasol Coach D'Antoni gives high praise for Kawhi Leonard Rockets focused on remainder of the season, not playoff matchups Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Altar'd State leases former Starbucks space in Rice Village Pearland's mushrooming population creates demand for self-storage Houston's First Baptist to acquire space downtown Local nonprofit competes in a bracket fundraising tournament A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Country star Aaron Watson performs for police before hitting the Potente brings upscale Italian dining to downtown Houston Travis Scott comes home to Houston Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Upcoming Houston wine events Houston Museum of Natural Science's "Big Bang Ball" is a huge hit "Magnificent India" Tiger Ball celebrates color and culture, Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/article/Wal-Mart-and-Aldi-are-in-the-middle-of-a-price-10969387.php Wal-Mart and Aldi are in the middle of a price war; here's whose winning By Fernando Ramirez, Chron.com / Houston Chronicle Published 5:00 am, Friday, March 3, 2017 Photo: Jae C. Hong, STF Image 1of/17 Caption Close Image 1 of 17 Wal-Mart vs. Aldi Wal-Mart recently launched new test prices in several different states to edge out competitors. Click through to see how prices compare in two major grocery stores, Wal-Mart and Aldi. Wal-Mart vs. Aldi Wal-Mart recently launched new test prices in several different states to edge out competitors. Click through to see how prices compare in two major grocery stores, Wal-Mart and Aldi. Photo: Jae C. Hong, STF Image 2 of 17 Whole milk (1 gallon) Aldi price: $1.00 - $2.30 Walmart price: $1.08 - $2.10 Source: Reuters Whole milk (1 gallon) Aldi price: $1.00 - $2.30 Walmart price: $1.08 - $2.10 Source: Reuters Photo: Tim Graham/Tim Graham/Getty Images Image 3 of 17 Butter (1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.68 - $2.89 Walmart price: $2.88 Source: Reuters Butter (1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.68 - $2.89 Walmart price: $2.88 Source: Reuters Photo: DEA / P. MARTINI/De Agostini/Getty Images Image 4 of 17 Bananas (1 lb.) Aldi price: $0.44 Walmart price: $0.47 - $0.59 Source: Reuters Bananas (1 lb.) Aldi price: $0.44 Walmart price: $0.47 - $0.59 Source: Reuters Photo: PATRICK KOVARIK/AFP/Getty Images Image 5 of 17 Tomatoes (1 lb.) Aldi price: $.99-$1.99 Walmart price: $1.14 Source: Reuters Tomatoes (1 lb.) Aldi price: $.99-$1.99 Walmart price: $1.14 Source: Reuters Photo: Getty Image 6 of 17 Pasta sauce (24 oz.) Aldi price: $1.19 Walmart price: $1.06 Source: Reuters Pasta sauce (24 oz.) Aldi price: $1.19 Walmart price: $1.06 Source: Reuters Photo: Tom Kelley/Getty Images Image 7 of 17 Ground beef ( 80 percent lean; 1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.79 Walmart price: $2.63 - $2.78 Source: Reuters Ground beef ( 80 percent lean; 1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.79 Walmart price: $2.63 - $2.78 Source: Reuters Photo: Getty Image 8 of 17 Coca Cola (2 liters) Aldi price: $1.58 Walmart price: $1.56 Source: Reuters Coca Cola (2 liters) Aldi price: $1.58 Walmart price: $1.56 Source: Reuters Photo: Getty Image 9 of 17 Peanut butter (creamy; 40 oz.) Aldi price: $2.99 Walmart price: $2.23 Source: Reuters Peanut butter (creamy; 40 oz.) Aldi price: $2.99 Walmart price: $2.23 Source: Reuters Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Image 10 of 17 Large eggs (12) Aldi price: $0.58 - $0.79 Walmart price: $0.78 - $1.08 Source: Reuters Large eggs (12) Aldi price: $0.58 - $0.79 Walmart price: $0.78 - $1.08 Source: Reuters Photo: Andreas Rentz/Getty Images Image 11 of 17 Pasta (2 lbs.) Aldi price: $1.45 Walmart price: $1.33 Source: Reuters Pasta (2 lbs.) Aldi price: $1.45 Walmart price: $1.33 Source: Reuters Photo: Getty Image 12 of 17 Paper towel (6 pack) Aldi price: $4.99 Walmart price: $3.88 Source: Reuters Paper towel (6 pack) Aldi price: $4.99 Walmart price: $3.88 Source: Reuters Photo: Rustic Elegance Image 13 of 17 Chicken breast (1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.29 Walmart price: $1.99 Source: Reuters Chicken breast (1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.29 Walmart price: $1.99 Source: Reuters Photo: MIGUEL MEDINA/AFP/Getty Images Image 14 of 17 Toilet paper (12 rolls) Aldi price: $4.49 - $5.79 Walmart price: $4.26 - $4.72 Source: Reuters Toilet paper (12 rolls) Aldi price: $4.49 - $5.79 Walmart price: $4.26 - $4.72 Source: Reuters Photo: Thomas Trutschel/Photothek Via Getty Images Image 15 of 17 Crest toothpaste (6.2 oz) Aldi price: $3.42 Walmart price: $3.42 - $3.49 Source: Reuters Crest toothpaste (6.2 oz) Aldi price: $3.42 Walmart price: $3.42 - $3.49 Source: Reuters Photo: Getty Image 16 of 17 Dishwashing detergent (20 pods) Aldi price: $2.49 Walmart price: $2.56 Source: Reuters Dishwashing detergent (20 pods) Aldi price: $2.49 Walmart price: $2.56 Source: Reuters Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Image 17 of 17 Wal-Mart and Aldi are in the middle of a price war; here's whose winning 1 / 17 Back to Gallery Wal-Mart's brand is founded on the idea of slashing prices, but it can't do so without ruffling a few feathers. Reuters is reporting that Wal-Mart is once again beating the drums of price war against some of its main competitors, including Aldi and Kroger.  So far, Wal-Mart has secretly launched new "test" prices across 11 Midwest and Southeastern states. TWO FRONTS: Walmart is going after Amazon's store of the future with no cashiers or registers The retail giant is running a new price-comparison test in stores across the U.S. Media: Brandpoint When Chron.com reached out to Wal-Mart to see if these prices would also be tested in Texas, the retailer chose not to disclose, stating, "we're not in a position to share our strategy for competitive reasons." To see who's winning the battle for shoppers, Reuters price checked different Wal-Mart and Aldi stores in several states where sources say the major chain is trying to edge out competitors. IN THE WORKS: A Wal-Mart convenience store? Retail giant tests the concept in small town Texas Click through above to compare price between Wal-Mart and Aldi products. Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Teenager allegedly killed in satanic ritual identified Buyers of $400K Heights house made gruesome find Replacement for Old Dominion added to RodeoHouston Exxon announces $20 billion plan for Gulf Coast region The Lead Country star performs for police before his RodeoHouston debut See inside: Blake Shelton's childhood home for sale Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year-old shooter Every outfit worn by Melania and Ivanka Trump (so far) Woodlands man charged with international drug trafficking Years later, Astroworld site still center of a convoluted lawsuit Trump gives Texas-based oil company some love on Twitter Disturbing details revealed about reportedly tortured woman Houston rapper comes home for a show Secret Costco membership perks you may not know about HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Prominent attorney may land back in court over expunged DWI case Senate revises 'bathroom bill' to boost support Local prosecutor wrongfully blamed for racist Twitter posts Winners and losers from the NFL combine J.J. Watt's brother, impresses at NFL scouting combine Best available players when NFL free agency begins A little slice of India raises big bucks Rodeo season kicks off with great party Museum's "Big Bang Ball" is a huge hit Best restaurant transformations The 10 best Houston restorations this year New champagne-centric restaurant coming Latest Videos Latest News Altar'd State leases former Starbucks space in Rice Village Pearland's mushrooming population creates demand for... Houston's First Baptist to acquire space downtown Local nonprofit competes in a bracket fundraising tournament Gracepoint Homes opens Sugar Land brownstone model Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier British health-care organizations seek to forge Texas ties El Pollo Loco opens Cypress location New First Watch restaurant opens in Houston GM sells European brands to France's Peugeot Latest Videos Small Business What Risks Can a Business Face When Making an Agreement for Customers to Use Credit Cards? Starting a Small-Scale Business How to Calculate the Taxes for a Net Pay Bonus What Kinds of Companies Use a Business Continuity Plan? How to Ask Clients to Write a Testimonial Letter Most Read 1 Death certificate reveals Bill Paxton's cause of death 2 Rodeo lineup change: Old Dominion drops out for family issue 3 Family finds human bones inside walls of new Houston home,... 4 Video of Donald Trump and Steven Bannon arguing shows snapshot... 5 Exxon highlights plans for spending $20 billion, creating jobs... 6 Over a decade later, Astroworld site still center of a... 7 10 perks of your Costco membership you probably didn't know about 8 Texas city: Work on Trump's wall and you won't work for us 9 Violence erupts at pro-Trump rally in Berkeley 10 Cody Johnson a last-minute add to RodeoHouston lineup View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business MWC 2017     Nintendo Launches Switch And New Zelda Game Posted: Mar 3 2017, 2:26am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   First Nintendo Switch buyer at Nintendo's flagship store in New York. Credit: Nintendo   Today is s a huge day for Nintendo fans. The new Nintendo Switch console and the new The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild launch. The wait is over. The Nintendo Switch is here. "Today’s launch of the Nintendo Switch video game system means that console-quality gaming is no longer tethered exclusively to the living room TV. Nintendo Switch lets people play their favorite games anytime, anywhere and with anyone," said Nintendo in a statement today. Don't Miss: Win a FREE Nintendo Switch in our Giveaway The Nintendo Switch console is available today at a suggested retail price of $299.99. The Switch comes in two color options: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con controllers, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con controller. We are giving away a free Nintendo Switch console that we received early on Thursday. Enter our Nintendo Switch Giveaway now. GameStop, Walmart and Best Buy hosted midnight launch events for the Switch. Walmart and GameStop are also selling the Nintendo Switch online. Refer to the Nintendo Switch Shopping Guide to find out which stores offer the Switch online today. The online inventories of the Switch sell out very quickly. Several stores have though not yet started to sell the Switch online. “Nintendo Switch makes it easy for anyone to enjoy their games in the living room and then quickly take them on the go,” said Nintendo of America President and COO Reggie Fils-Aime. “This versatile system allows people to play in unexpected places. It’s the kind of twist in gaming that Nintendo is known for.” Nintendo Switch comes with the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Nintendo Switch connects to a TV at home and can instantly transform into an on-the-go handheld using its 6.2-inch high-definition screen. The screen includes capacitive multi-touch capabilities for compatible games. The left Joy-Con has a Capture Button that players can press to take instant screen shots of gameplay to share with friends on their social media pages. The right Joy-Con includes an NFC touchpoint for interaction with amiibo figures, as well as an IR Motion Camera that can approximate the distance, shape and motion of nearby objects in specially designed games. Both Joy-Con include motion controls and an advanced HD Rumble feature. The Nintendo Switch Pro Controller, sold separately at a suggested retail price of $69.99, includes all the same features (minus the IR Motion Camera) and comes in a more traditional form factor. Today also marks the launch of the first epic Nintendo Switch game, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, which breaks new boundaries while honoring the origins of the acclaimed series. The game is available for both Nintendo Switch and Wii U at a suggested retail price of $59.99. New compatible amiibo launching today for The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild include Link (Rider), Link (Archer), Zelda and a Bokoblin amiibo at a suggested retail price of $15.99 each. A massive new Guardian amiibo is also available at a suggested retail price of $19.99. Also launching today is the face-to-face party game 1-2-Switch. From Wild West gunslinging to safecracking to competitive cow milking, the 28 games in 1-2-Switch make creative use of a broad variety of Nintendo Switch features, such as motion controls and HD Rumble. In a video game twist, the game asks players to stare at one another instead of at the TV, creating a fun atmosphere that will liven up any party. Third-party games such as Skylanders Imaginators from Activision Publishing Inc., Just Dance 2017 from Ubisoft and Super Bomberman R from Konami Digital Entertainment round out a launch-day lineup that has something for everyone. But today is just the start. A steady supply of games will arrive for Nintendo Switch throughout the rest of the year. Other first-party Nintendo Switch games on the horizon include Mario Kart 8 Deluxe (April 28), ARMS (spring), Splatoon 2 (summer), Fire Emblem Warriors (fall), Super Mario Odyssey (the 2017 holiday season) and Xenoblade Chronicles 2 (2017). Nintendo eShop, Nintendo’s online storefront for downloadable games, is ready to go on Nintendo Switch. The shop is the destination for people who prefer the ease of downloading their games. Both The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and 1-2-Switch are available for purchase and download today. Additionally, for $19.99, people can purchase the Snipperclips – Cut it out, together! game, which is exclusive to Nintendo eShop. In this game, two players cut paper characters into new shapes to solve dynamic puzzles in a wonderfully creative and imaginative world. It is even possible for four players to solve puzzles as a team or compete against each other in various activities. Snipperclips – Cut it out, together! exemplifies the fun and ease of playing anywhere with anyone on Nintendo Switch. Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nokia opens pre-orders for Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 14 hours ago, 11:43am CST Latest Live Images of Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked 15 hours ago, 11:11am CST Netflix Plans to Launch New Interactive Storytelling Technology to Allow Viewers Decide Fate of TV Dramas 20 hours ago, 6:07am CST Facebook Kicks off "Small Test" for Messenger Reactions 21 hours ago, 5:32am CST Amazon Tipped to be Working on a Alexa device that Connects Users 21 hours ago, 5:17am CST NOAA Goes-16 Satellite Sends First Images of Lightning from Space 2 hours ago Mars May Have Been Wetter Than Previously Thought 4 hours ago First Photos of Lin Manuel Miranda on the Set of Mary Poppins 4 hours ago You Feel Lonely Because of Spending Too Much Time on Social Media 5 hours ago iHeartRadio Music Awards: All You Need to Know 5 hours ago Will Gray Goo Cause The End of Civilization? 8 hours ago California’s San Joaquin Valley is Sinking at an Alarming Rate 13 hours ago, 12:46pm CST What is ASMR? Explanations, Examples, and The Science Behind the 13 hours ago, 12:38pm CST iPhone 8 to enter mass production this September 14 hours ago, 11:32am CST Nintendo Switch Goes Through An iFixit Teardown 15 hours ago, 11:22am CST Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Switch is On Sale Online Bees Learn to Play Football   Porsche Panamera Sport Turismo Debuts at Geneva Motor Show 2017 NES Classic in Stock Updates on Nintendo Switch Launch Day Technology News Nokia opens pre-orders for Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 14 hours ago, 11:43am CST Latest Live Images of Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked 15 hours ago, 11:11am CST Netflix Plans to Launch New Interactive Storytelling Technology to Allow Viewers Decide Fate of TV Dramas 20 hours ago, 6:07am CST Facebook Kicks off "Small Test" for Messenger Reactions 21 hours ago, 5:32am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News NOAA Goes-16 Satellite Sends First Images of Lightning from Space 2 hours ago Mars May Have Been Wetter Than Previously Thought 4 hours ago First Photos of Lin Manuel Miranda on the Set of Mary Poppins 4 hours ago You Feel Lonely Because of Spending Too Much Time on Social Media 5 hours ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Latest ... Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending ... Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates Geneva Motor Show 2017 MWC 2017 E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Retail & Marketing Retail & Marketing TrendingDonald Trump | NAFTA | Earnings | RRSP | TFSA | Canadian dollar | Family Finance | Taxes Costco misses second quarter estimates though sales up in Canada, U.S., hikes membership fees Hollie Shaw | March 2, 2017 | Last Updated: Mar 3 9:43 AM ET More from Hollie Shaw | @HollieKShaw Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon TORONTO — Costco Wholesale Corp.’s same-store sales in Canada outpaced growth in all of the warehouse retailer’s other divisions in the second quarter, even as the company’s overall results fell short of market expectations Thursday. How Costco Canada breaks retail rules to win Ranked Canada’s most trusted food retailer, Costco’s staggering success stems from tapping into our deepest psychological impulses about security, scarcity, clarity and fear. Read on The second-largest retailer in the U.S. behind Walmart reported lower net income of US$515 million in the period ended Feb. 12, or US$1.17 per diluted share, compared with earnings of US$546 million, (US$1.24) per diluted share, in the same period last year. Net sales rose six per cent to US$29.1 billion from US$27.6 billion a year ago. Analysts were anticipating earnings of US$1.36 per share on revenue of US$29.9 billion, according to estimates from Thomson Reuters. “Fresh food drives the business,” chief financial officer Richard Galanti told analysts on a conference call after markets closed. He noted profit margins were lower in part due to widespread food price deflation. Same-store sales, an important measure of retail performance that strips out the effects of square footage changes, were up eight per cent at Costco in Canada and three per cent in the U.S.; they fell two per cent in other international markets. At rival Walmart Canada, same-store sales rose 0.2 per cent in the quarter ended Jan. 31. Related Inside the ‘treasure hunt’: The five keys to Costco Canada’s success Loblaw’s taking the click-and-collect route as retail rivals expand home deliveries Walmart Canada posts flat same-store sales as U.S. parent gets boost from online growth Costco’s results have been particularly robust in the Canadian market, where it is building more stores this year. In fiscal 2014 through fiscal 2016, same-store sales excluding foreign exchange and gasoline averaged above 8 per cent, higher than all other regions where Costco operates, including the U.S. The company also announced Thursday that it will hike its annual membership fees in June to $60 in Canada and the U.S. for its basic card and to $120 from $110 for its premium-level “executive” membership card. The retailer last increased the cost of its memberships in 2011. The warehouse retailer’s annual membership fees amount to 2.3 per cent of net sales, but account for 72 per cent of the company’s operating profit. Membership sales rose 6 per cent in the quarter and were renewed at a 90 per cent rate in Canada and the U.S. By the end of the year Costco will have opened more locations in Canada than it has in the past, a total of eight in fiscal 2017, up from a typical pace of two or three per year. Costco currently operates 728 warehouses globally, including 508 in the United States and 94 in Canada. Financial Post hshaw@postmedia.com Twitter.com/holliekshaw Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Retail & Marketing, Costco Wholesale Corporation, Earnings and Losses, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Find a Story Stock Search News Videos More from Retail & Marketing U.K. lawmakers are telling companies to put an end to sexist high-heel dress codes Star Wars merchandise the real force behind Canadian toy sales spike Aldo scion to lead the family’s footwear company as founder steps down as chairman Cara shopping for restaurants to counter decline in sit-down dining sector Hudson’s Bay’s bid for Macy’s stumbles as equity partners balk at deal, sources say Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
Accumulate J.B. Chemicals; target of Rs 386: CD Equisearch - REC to give Rs 39000 cr in loans to KPCL, BESCOM in next 5 years Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » IPO » IPO - Upcoming Issues Mar 03, 2017, 10.35 PM | Source: CNBC-TV18 'Attractive' Avenue Supermarts IPO gets a thumbs-up from experts While Amnish Aggarwal, Senior VP-Research at Prabhudas Lilladher, likened D-Mart’s go-to-market strategy with global retailer Walmart. market expert SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com said the price band makes Avenue Supermarts IPO very attractive. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Attractive Avenue Supermarts IPO gets a thumbs-up from experts While Amnish Aggarwal, Senior VP-Research at Prabhudas Lilladher, likened D-Mart’s go-to-market strategy with global retailer Walmart. market expert SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com said the price band makes Avenue Supermarts IPO very attractive. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Amnish Aggarwal (more) Senior VP, Prabhudas Liladher | One of India's most profitable supermarket chains is about to hit the Dalal Street. Avenue Supermarts, which owns and operates D-Mart stores, is all set to raise over Rs 1,800 crore through an initial public offering (IPO). The issue will open on March 8 and close on March 10, 2017 at a price band of Rs 295-299. Market experts are already gung-ho about the Radhakishan Damani-promoted company’s IPO. Amnish Aggarwal, Senior VP-Research at Prabhudas Lilladher, likened D-Mart’s go-to-market strategy with global retailer Walmart. Avenue Supermarts owns the D-Mart chain of around 120 retail stores, most of them in Maharashtra and Karnataka. “D-Mart has been trying to do what Walmart did in the US — enter a territory, saturate it and achieve profitability,” he told CNBC-TV18. Overall, the dynamics on which the business model of D-Mart is built seem to be very positive and improving sales mix and financials bode well for the company, he said. Avenue Supermarts RHP (red herring prospectus) for the IPO makes a classic case of study for business schools, said market expert SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com, adding, the price band makes Avenue Supermarts IPO "very attractive". Avenue Supermarts has reserved 50 percent portion of public issue for qualified institutional buyers and out of which, 60 percent may be allocated to anchor investors. The company said 15 percent portion of the total issue size is reserved for non-institutional investors and the rest 35 percent for retail investors. The company said 15 percent portion of the total issue size is reserved for non-institutional investors and the rest 35 percent for retail investors. Also read: D-Mart IPO: Grey market premium soars on RK Damani brand value Meanwhile, Avenue Supermarts is quite buzzing in grey market too. Shares of Radhakishan Damani-promoted Avenue Supermarts are quoting at a premium of Rs 175-180 over the expected issue price in the grey market, according to brokers dealing in this unregulated market. Players tracking the issue see it being priced between Rs 300 and Rs 320. Watch video for more. Tags  Avenue Supermarts Avenue Supermarts RHP Radhakishan Damani Amnish Aggarwal IPO D-Mart Prabhudas Lilladher Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Attractive Avenue Supermarts IPO gets a thumbs-up from experts See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News You can soon pool your private car, if Uber has its way Here are some top trading tips from market experts Half of Bharat Fin's at-risk portfolio likely to go bad: Analyst Cabinet may approve new coal linkage policy next week: Sources India moving to the centre stage of global energy market: IEA India looks for right prices to boost LNG, crude imports from US N Korea missiles 'drill for strike on US bases in Japan': KCNA Global oil supply may see potential shortage after 2020: IEA General Motors to lay off over 1000 workers in US See all Video of the day Don't chase mkt, wait for better price points: Birla Sun Life MF Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 Tax Calculator RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers E-Learning Franchise Opportunity India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project Changes to Arkansas Works would lower income, require work, cut around 60,000 from benefit access U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project UCA program to host startup pitch contests and events for K-12 Video / Podcasts U.S. Rep. Hill likes tone of Trump SOTU speech but wants more specifics AEDC’s Mike Preston: Trump a factor in full project pipeline, wary of bills affecting Arkansas’ image Sen. Cotton: ‘I expect to be very active’ in Obamacare replacement White House amenable to medical marijuana laws, but states should ‘abide by’ federal law on recreational use Sen. Cotton: In ‘second quarter’ of Russian investigation, which is expanding Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail American Trucking Association praises DOT report on hours of service restriction Big rig orders in North America increase 28% in February WorkHound announces $500,000 investment to grow company The Supply Side: Walmart.com revamp could include limited marketplace access Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Since 2012, Wal-Mart spent nearly $500,000 a day on federal corruption probe BusinessFinanceLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 4 days ago 735 views  Tags: FCPA Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet The probe into alleged violations of the Federal Corruption Practices Act (FCPA) in several of Wal-Mart Stores’ international markets has cost the retailer $837 million since 2012 according to a Feb. 21 earnings report. In the fourth quarter earnings material, Wal-Mart noted it spent $99 million on FCPA matters last year. It was the lowest level of spending on this matter since the investigation began in late 2011. The retailer spent $80 million last year on the investigations underway in Mexico, India, China, Brazil and other markets. Additionally, $19 million was doled out on Wal-Mart’s internal compliance program. The FCPA spending has come down dramatically given the probe is now into its sixth year. 2012: $157 million 2013: $282 million 2014: $173 million 2015: $126 million 2016: $99 million TOTAL: $837 million The spending overall equates to more than $458,000 per day since 2012. While that may seem like a burdening expense, it pales in comparison to the nearly $37.4 million in daily profits Wal-Mart made last year alone. Looking specifically at the FCPA spending in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017, FCPA matters cost Wal-Mart $17 million, $12 of which was regarding the investigations and $5 million spent on internal compliance enhancements. The retailer also forecast its FCPA spending to range from $65 to $85 million, the lowest annual spending to date for Wal-Mart concerning the federal probes. Mike Koehler, a law professor at Southern Illinois University and a leading expert on the FCPA and related laws, told Talk Business & Politics last week he expects the FCPA investigation into Wal-Mart Stores will wrap up this year. He said it’s on the long end of what is usually two to four years but the Wal-Mart case is large as the retailer operates in at least 10 areas of high risk. Regardless, he said six years should likely be enough to settle. The reduced spending on the pre-enforcement action is perhaps an indication the matter is winding down. He said settlement negotiations can last up to a year once all the cases are completed. Koehler tracks FCPA spending ahead of settlements by quarter. He noted recently the pre-enforcement spending in many cases is typically the largest financial hit to a company under FCPA scrutiny, perhaps as much as 10 times higher than the eventual settlement amounts. “Over the past fourteen quarters, Wal-Mart’s FCPA and compliance-related costs have been approximately $275,000, 465,000, $445,000, $396,000, $520,000, $470,000, $470,000, $516,000, $563,000, $640,000, $662,000, $855,000, $1.1 million and $1.3 million per day,” Koehler said. Wal-Mart does not officially comment on the investigations, beyond saying the company is complying fully. Koehler credits Wal-Mart with being proactive in self-reporting the alleged violations in late 2011 and then immediately committing to beef up its own compliance protocol in early 2012 to try and prevent future investigations. Koehler, who tracks the FCPA investigation of dozens of other companies at any given time, said two-thirds of the public companies he tracks provide less transparency than Wal-Mart regarding the FCPA expenditures. Wal-Mart was told by the Securities and Exchange Commission in 2012 to disclose FCPA-related spending to investors each quarter. The company has complied with that request. Comments comments Previous post Former Gov. Beebe part of bipartisan group to address U.S. Senate Governor’s caucus Next post Gov. Beebe says Arkansas leaders can heal political divides, work together and avoid ‘petty jealousies’ Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Frank D. Scott, Jr. How regulatory relief can be good for the economy Angela Grayson ‘The Slants’ and a challenge to trademark law Cal Rose Investing in medical marijuana is a high risk, high reward venture Nate Steel It’s time to end Dodd-Frank’s hit on community banks Frank D. Scott, Jr. Black leaders making a difference in business, their communities Latest Popular Arkansas Senate takes on medical pot, AG restates opinion that state is obligated to implement voter initiative 8 hours ago FOG forum in Fort Smith shares what food service, processing businesses can expect from new ordinance 8 hours ago More positives than negatives in recent Jonesboro, Craighead County sales tax, unemployment numbers 10 hours ago Arkansas Congressional delegation asks Energy Sec. Perry to reverse course on Clean Line project 10 hours ago American Trucking Association praises DOT report on hours of service restriction 11 hours ago Legislative panel votes to ban marijuana smoking, edibles 2,547 views Denver company enters Northwest Arkansas apartment market with $53.3 million deal 2,081 views After heated debate, House panel Ok’s merger of Forrest City technical school into local community college 1,844 views Rep. Leding, others file bill to expand Arkansas civil rights to include sexual orientation, gender identity 1,788 views Report suggests USA Truck could again face a takeover attempt (Updated) 1,085 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe technology leadership magazine most innovative companies most creative people video news FastCoDesignFastCoExistFastCoCreateFastCoStudiosCollections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current IssueSUBSCRIBE Follow Fast CompanyWe Will Come To You 6 minute Read most innovative companies Why Retailers Are Betting On STEM Toys For Your Little Mad Scientist Parents looking to give junior a jump in science, technology, engineering, and math are increasingly buying skill-building educational toys. By Rina Raphael03.02.17 | 3:00 pm From code-teaching caterpillars to colorful chemistry kits, manufacturers and retailers alike are eager to cash in on a growing toy sector, known by the buzzworthy term STEM, that promises to deliver on science, technology, engineering, and math education. Retailers are taking different approaches: Target, Best Buy, and Walmart are amping up their store aisles, while Toys “R” Us and National Geographic are producing their own line of STEM products. One of the most surprising moves comes from Amazon, which recently launched a monthly STEM Club, an offshoot of the STEM Toys & Games Store it opened just two years ago. For $19.99 a month, kids receive new toys that promise to develop their skills. “It’s making it more convenient than ever for parents to give their kids the gift of having fun while learning,” says Eva Lorenz, category leader of Toys & Games for Amazon. “STEM Club was designed with busy parents in mind.” Amazon’s toy experts partner with key vendors and various STEM organizations, as well as parents and kids to ensure age-appropriate products. There are three age groups (3-4, 5-7, and 8-13). The curated selection includes toys like Kids First Automobile Engineer Kit and the Young Scientist Club: The Magic School Bus Engineering Lab that teach everything from crystal making to physics. The Young Scientist Club: The Magic School Bus Engineering Lab is one of the toys includes in Amazon’s STEM Club.[Photo: courtesy of Amazon] As parents often struggle to understand the ever-growing category, Amazon aims to simplify the process in a smart, albeit trendy way—via the element of surprise. Just as StitchFix and Blue Apron have proven to be a hit with adults, so has the unexpected captured the imagination of children. Witness the amazing popularity of Hatchimals. STEM sales still only account for two to three percent of the toy market, but the sector is “growing fast,” says Juli Lennett, toy industry analyst for NPD Group. Overall retail sales revenue in the U.S. reached $20 billion in the last year. Amazon is taking advantage of that growth in a way that speaks to how people shop today. STEM is not mass market and likely never will be, but its fans are committed parents who take education seriously. “And once [Amazon] gets the consumer, they want to keep them,” says Lennett. “What better way to keep your consumer than with a continuity program that repeats… keeping them coming back month after month?” Perception plays a big role in this industry. With STEM, parents are more inclined to spend money because they don’t necessarily view the purchases as “toys,” but rather as educational aids. “The great marketing message for STEM is that it makes your kid smart and it’s educational and good for them, like eating an apple,” explains Lennett, noting there are both positive and negative aspects to that. First, some parents want to leave playtime as was originally intended—for pure play, without any underlying agenda. The other issue is identifying criteria: What constitutes a STEM toy? There are more than 50,000 toys on the market and industry insiders are actively attempting to track which toys belong in the educational prestige category. Some toys are more “soft STEM,” leaning more toward toyotic, while others are more serious products that may even boast snap circuits. And then there is the truly dubious: At the 2017 International Toy Fair, “I saw a bag of sand with STEM on it,” Lennett recalls. For industry experts, STEM criteria includes: When the child does something, does the toy change in some way? In that sense, asks Lennett, does a Rubik’s Cube count as STEM? “These are all questions we’re asking ourselves.” Marissa DiBartolo, senior editor of The Toy Insider, agrees that many items across various categories can be considered STEM-related. STEM is “extremely important” for a child’s early education, she says, but notes that a toy doesn’t have the word “science” strewn on the box to be fit the category. “If you break down the most basic concepts of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, you’re looking at things like sequencing, matching, building, planning, and more,” said DiBartolo. “More toys than you think are educational or at least have educational benefits.” STEM received its own section in the Great Big Toys “R” Us book of Awesome. Proper labeling within the category is a top concern for Toys “R” Us. While some retailers might dedicate an aisle to STEM, Toys “R” Us labels items throughout the entire store. The iconic toy retailer also partnered with educators to produce their own private STEM brands, called Imaginarium and Edu Science, and to correctly identify all available qualifying merchandise. “We don’t just slap on a label,” says company spokesman Candace Disler. “We ensure it’s well thought out.” In the coming year, Toys “R” Us will further build out its science and engineering offerings—which it considers a top tier of STEM—for larger age ranges. “That’s one area we’re looking to expand to” says Disler. Toys “R” Us considers it a crucial area for investment, she adds: “Parents really enjoy the increased play value that comes with these toys.” Target reports double-digit growth in the last year for STEM toy sales. Items such as the Fisher-Price Code-A-Pillar and WowWee CHiP Robot Toy Dog performed remarkably well during the last holiday season, leading the company to establish an online STEM landing destination organized by seven play patterns. This is also partially to keep up with the influx of toys and new STEM manufacturers now flooding the market. “We’re definitely seeing a lot more players from a product perspective,” says Lee Henderson, director of communications at Target. Time will tell whether such retailer commitment will launch the sector to more mainstream success, Lennett told Fast Company. The past year, hits such as the BB-8 App-Enabled Droid by Sphero reached a wider audience, but overall, “there’s a lot more bark than bite” in terms of market offerings. A lot of it comes down to current play patterns and what the younger generation, frankly put, is into. “It’s a very feel-good story,” Lennett says of the press and retailer push STEM receives, but how many kids, she wonders, are interested in those specific topics? “There’s always gonna be a group of kids that would love to get a science kit over an action figure, but I do think the population of those kids is gonna be pretty small compared to the kids that want a Star Wars action figure,” says Lennett. The Edu Science Dual Viewer Microscope is one offering from the Toys “R” Us STEM collection.[Photo: courtesy of Toys”R”Us] As Amazon only launched their club in late January, it’s too soon to tell how the STEM Club will perform. So far, the service has received mostly positive reviews, though some subscribers are underwhelmed, citing inaccurate age levels or product quality complaints. Lorenz says club membership is pacing well, citing substantial requests for international shipping. “We work hard every day to continue improving the customer experience based off customer feedback and thus far, we’ve received a range of helpful feedback from our customers,” says Lorenz. After reviewing the STEM Toy Club subscription’s catalog, DiBartolo is confident it will resonate with both parents and kids. One such example is the Thames and Kosmos STEM Bundle, which makes The Toy Insider’s Top 10 STEM list every year. The kit includes a spinning top and gyroscope to learn about physics, a dinosaur plaster mold to discover “how and why fossilized dinosaurs are found around the world,” and a mix to make bouncy balls that replicate the planets. That’s essentially three toys in just one month, and for $10 less than its retail listing price. “Parents will love the educational aspect, while kids will love the fun factor,” says DiBartolo. “Each monthly box will feel like a new present.” Fast Company Daily Newsletter: Get our best stories delivered to your inbox.Sign Up I'd also like to receive special Fast Company offers Video Why Affordable Broadband Might Be At Risk For Millions Of Low-Income Americans How President Obama's Former Photographer Is Throwing Major Shade At President Trump Could The Inclusion Of More Women In Finance Have Prevented The Financial Crisis? The Sacramento Kings Are Upgrading Your Fan Experience The Week's Top Stories--In Case You Missed Them This Company Is On A Mission To Redefine Your Bedroom When It Comes To Fashion, Effort Pays Off Having Trouble At Work? This Corporate Psychic May Be Able To Help How Fashion Weeks Around The World Are Innovating Beyond The Runway How These Glasses Could Revolutionize The Workforce Coworkers Can't Pronounce Your Name? Follow These Rules To Stay Sane. Rapper And Oscar-Winner Common: “It’s Important For Entertainers To Educate Themselves” Three Things You Might Not Know About Snap's Big IPO The Week's Top Stories--In Case You Missed Them The Week's Top Stories--In Case You Missed Them How One Executive Order Could Actually Hurt The American Workforce Here's What Uber Needs To Do To Fix Their Broken Culture You Can Make Cheese Out Of Human Bacteria, Just In Case You Were Wondering What Boundaries You Should Set When Partnering With A Family Member Meet The 3D Printing Factory Changing the Manufacturing Game How Technology And Social Media Have Changed The Conversation Around Criminal Justice Netflix Wants To Be Your Personal Trainer--And Other Stories You Might've Missed We Could Soon Be Paying Double For Our iPhones Stories You Should See, In Case You Missed Them Ralph Lauren's Son On Why The Iconic Brand Has Lasted Over 50 Years First Day As The New Boss? Here's How To Make The Right Impression This Robot Cooks Your Pizza En Route To Your House Finally, A Hands-On VR Experience Featuring Your Actual Hands Coworkers Can't Pronounce Your Name? The Outtakes! More Stories Leadership To Really Reform The H-1B Visa Process Will Take A Lot More Than Friday’s Freeze Leadership Where Alternative Reality Comes From Technology Nintendo Switch Review: Past And Future In Equal Measure Technology The Sleep Science Behind Fitbit’s New Alta HR Fitness Tracker Co.Exist Sustainability For Every $1 Spent On Reducing Food Waste, Companies Save $14 Ideas There’s A Virus Infecting Our Medical Devices With Identity Stealing Malware Cities Residents Of A Heavily Polluted German City Are Suing Their Mayor For Bodily Harm Co.Create Movies This Short Film Is Everything That’s Great About Using A Single Take Movies How The Sundance Entry “Fun Mom Dinner” Became A Movie Ads Ladies, Now You Can Prove Precisely How Many Times A Man Interrupts You Co.Design Spaces This Mirror-Covered Ranch House Acts Like A Giant Kaleidoscope Interactive MIT’s Mind-Reading Robots Understand The One Command That Matters Innovation Inside The Brooklyn Studio That Designs For Facebook, Google, And Apple Fast Company Leadership To Really Reform The H-1B Visa Process Will Take A Lot More Than Friday’s Freeze Leadership Where Alternative Reality Comes From Technology Nintendo Switch Review: Past And Future In Equal Measure Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Read Trump's Tuesday Night Remarks Julia Glum International Business TimesMarch 1, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share He talked about education, terrorism, race, disease, jobs and more.More President Donald Trump gave his first joint address to Congress Tuesday night in Washington, D.C. In the speech -- billed partially as a State of the Union address -- Trump talked about what he's done so far and what he hopes to accomplish going forward. Read his prepared remarks, as distributed by the White House press office, below: "Mister speaker, Mister vice president, members of Congress, the first lady of the United States and citizens of America: Tonight, as we mark the conclusion of our celebration of Black History Month, we are reminded of our nation's path toward civil rights and the work that still remains. Recent threats targeting Jewish community centers and vandalism of Jewish cemeteries, as well as last week's shooting in Kansas City, remind us that while we may be a nation divided on policies, we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all its forms. Each American generation passes the torch of truth, liberty and justice -- in an unbroken chain all the way down to the present. That torch is now in our hands. And we will use it to light up the world. I am here tonight to deliver a message of unity and strength, and it is a message deeply delivered from my heart. A new chapter of American greatness is now beginning. A new national pride is sweeping across our nation. And a new surge of optimism is placing impossible dreams firmly within our grasp. What we are witnessing today is the renewal of the American spirit. Our allies will find that America is once again ready to lead. All the nations of the world -- friend or foe -- will find that America is strong, America is proud, and America is free. In nine years, the United States will celebrate the 250th anniversary of our founding -- 250 years since the day we declared our independence. It will be one of the great milestones in the history of the world. But what will America look like as we reach our 250th year? What kind of country will we leave for our children? I will not allow the mistakes of recent decades past to define the course of our future. For too long, we've watched our middle class shrink as we've exported our jobs and wealth to foreign countries. We've financed and built one global project after another, but ignored the fates of our children in the inner cities of Chicago, Baltimore, Detroit -- and so many other places throughout our land. We've defended the borders of other nations, while leaving our own borders wide open, for anyone to cross -- and for drugs to pour in at a now unprecedented rate. And we've spent trillions of dollars overseas, while our infrastructure at home has so badly crumbled. Then, in 2016, the earth shifted beneath our feet. The rebellion started as a quiet protest, spoken by families of all colors and creeds -– families who just wanted a fair shot for their children and a fair hearing for their concerns. But then the quiet voices became a loud chorus -- as thousands of citizens now spoke out together, from cities small and large, all across our country. Finally, the chorus became an earthquake -- and the people turned out by the tens of millions, and they were all united by one very simple, but crucial demand, that America must put its own citizens first ... because only then can we truly MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN. Dying industries will come roaring back to life.  Heroic veterans will get the care they so desperately need. Our military will be given the resources its brave warriors so richly deserve. Crumbling infrastructure will be replaced with new roads, bridges, tunnels, airports and railways gleaming across our beautiful land. Our terrible drug epidemic will slow down and ultimately, stop. And our neglected inner cities will see a rebirth of hope, safety, and opportunity. Above all else, we will keep our promises to the American people. It's been a little over a month since my inauguration, and I want to take this moment to update the nation on the progress I've made in keeping those promises. Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Walmart and many others, have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs. The stock market has gained almost three trillion dollars in value since the election on November 8th, a record.  We've saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price of the fantastic new F-35 jet fighter, and will be saving billions more dollars on contracts all across our Government.  We have placed a hiring freeze on non-military and non-essential Federal workers. We have begun to drain the swamp of government corruption by imposing a 5 year ban on lobbying by executive branch officials -- and a lifetime ban on becoming lobbyists for a foreign government. We have undertaken a historic effort to massively reduce job‑crushing regulations, creating a deregulation task force inside of every Government agency; imposing a new rule which mandates that for every one new regulation, two old regulations must be eliminated; and stopping a regulation that threatens the future and livelihoods of our great coal miners. We have cleared the way for the construction of the Keystone and Dakota Access Pipelines -- thereby creating tens of thousands of jobs -- and I've issued a new directive that new American pipelines be made with American steel. We have withdrawn the United States from the job-killing Trans-Pacific Partnership. With the help of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, we have formed a Council with our neighbors in Canada to help ensure that women entrepreneurs have access to the networks, markets and capital they need to start a business and live out their financial dreams. To protect our citizens, I have directed the Department of Justice to form a task force on reducing violent crime. I have further ordered the Departments of Homeland Security and Justice, along with the Department of State and the Director of National Intelligence, to coordinate an aggressive strategy to dismantle the criminal cartels that have spread across our nation. We will stop the drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth -- and we will expand treatment for those who have become so badly addicted. At the same time, my administration has answered the pleas of the American people for immigration enforcement and border security. By finally enforcing our immigration laws, we will raise wages, help the unemployed, save billions of dollars, and make our communities safer for everyone. We want all Americans to succeed -- but that can't happen in an environment of lawless chaos. We must restore integrity and the rule of law to our borders. For that reason, we will soon begin the construction of a great wall along our southern border. It will be started ahead of schedule and, when finished, it will be a very effective weapon against drugs and crime. As we speak, we are removing gang members, drug dealers and criminals that threaten our communities and prey on our citizens. Bad ones are going out as I speak tonight and as I have promised. To any in Congress who do not believe we should enforce our laws, I would ask you this question: What would you say to the American family that loses their jobs, their income, or a loved one, because America refused to uphold its laws and defend its borders? Our obligation is to serve, protect, and defend the citizens of the United States. We are also taking strong measures to protect our nation from radical Islamic terrorism. According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country.  We have seen the attacks at home -- from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center. We have seen the attacks in France, in Belgium, in Germany and all over the world. It is not compassionate, but reckless, to allow uncontrolled entry from places where proper vetting cannot occur. Those given the high honor of admission to the United States should support this country and love its people and its values. We cannot allow a beachhead of terrorism to form inside America -- we cannot allow our nation to become a sanctuary for extremists. That is why my administration has been working on improved vetting procedures, and we will shortly take new steps to keep our nation safe -- and to keep out those who would do us harm. As promised, I directed the Department of Defense to develop a plan to demolish and destroy ISIS -- a network of lawless savages that have slaughtered Muslims and Christians, and men, women, and children of all faiths and beliefs. We will work with our allies, including our friends and allies in the Muslim world, to extinguish this vile enemy from our planet. I have also imposed new sanctions on entities and individuals who support Iran's ballistic missile program, and reaffirmed our unbreakable alliance with the state of Israel. Finally, I have kept my promise to appoint a Justice to the United States Supreme Court -- from my list of 20 judges -- who will defend our Constitution. I am honored to have Maureen Scalia with us in the gallery tonight . Her late, great husband, Antonin Scalia, will forever be a symbol of American justice.  To fill his seat, we have chosen Judge Neil Gorsuch, a man of incredible skill, and deep devotion to the law. He was confirmed unanimously to the court of appeals, and I am asking the Senate to swiftly approve his nomination. Tonight, as I outline the next steps we must take as a country, we must honestly acknowledge the circumstances we inherited. Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force. Over 43 million people are now living in poverty, and over 43 million Americans are on food stamps. More than one in five people in their prime working years are not working. We have the worst financial recovery in 65 years. In the last eight years, the past administration has put on more new debt than nearly all other presidents combined. We've lost more than one-fourth of our manufacturing jobs since NAFTA was approved, and we've lost 60,000 factories since China joined the World Trade Organization in 2001. Our trade deficit in goods with the world last year was nearly $800 billion dollars. And overseas, we have inherited a series of tragic foreign policy disasters. Solving these, and so many other pressing problems, will require us to work past the differences of party. It will require us to tap into the American spirit that has overcome every challenge throughout our long and storied history. But to accomplish our goals at home and abroad, we must restart the engine of the American economy -- making it easier for companies to do business in the United States, and much harder for companies to leave. Right now, American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates anywhere in the world. My economic team is developing historic tax reform that will reduce the tax rate on our companies so they can compete and thrive anywhere and with anyone. At the same time, we will provide massive tax relief for the middle class. We must create a level playing field for American companies and workers. Currently, when we ship products out of America, many other countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes -- but when foreign companies ship their products into America, we charge them almost nothing. I just met with officials and workers from a great American company, Harley-Davidson. In fact, they proudly displayed five of their magnificent motorcycles, made in the USA, on the front lawn of the White House. At our meeting, I asked them, how are you doing, how is business?  They said that it's good. I asked them further how they are doing with other countries, mainly international sales. They told me -- without even complaining because they have been mistreated for so long that they have become used to it -- that it is very hard to do business with other countries because they tax our goods at such a high rate. They said that in one case another country taxed their motorcycles at 100 percent. They weren't even asking for change.  But I am. I believe strongly in free trade but it also has to be fair trade. The first Republican president, Abraham Lincoln, warned that the "abandonment of the protective policy by the American government [will] produce want and ruin among our people." Lincoln was right -- and it is time we heeded his words. I am not going to let America and its great companies and workers, be taken advantage of anymore. I am going to bring back millions of jobs. Protecting our workers also means reforming our system of legal immigration. The current, outdated system depresses wages for our poorest workers, and puts great pressure on taxpayers. Nations around the world, like Canada, Australia and many others -- have a merit-based immigration system. It is a basic principle that those seeking to enter a country ought to be able to support themselves financially. Yet, in America, we do not enforce this rule, straining the very public resources that our poorest citizens rely upon. According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America's taxpayers many billions of dollars a year. Switching away from this current system of lower-skilled immigration, and instead adopting a merit-based system, will have many benefits:  it will save countless dollars, raise workers' wages, and help struggling families -- including immigrant families -- enter the middle class. I believe that real and positive immigration reform is possible, as long as we focus on the following goals: to improve jobs and wages for Americans, to strengthen our nation’s security, and to restore respect for our laws. If we are guided by the well-being of American citizens then I believe Republicans and Democrats can work together to achieve an outcome that has eluded our country for decades. Another Republican President, Dwight D. Eisenhower, initiated the last truly great national infrastructure program -- the building of the interstate highway system.  The time has come for a new program of national rebuilding. America has spent approximately six trillion dollars in the Middle East, all this while our infrastructure at home is crumbling.  With this six trillion dollars we could have rebuilt our country -- twice.  And maybe even three times if we had people who had the ability to negotiate. To launch our national rebuilding, I will be asking the Congress to approve legislation that produces a $1 trillion investment in the infrastructure of the United States -- financed through both public and private capital -- creating millions of new jobs. This effort will be guided by two core principles:  Buy American, and hire American. Tonight, I am also calling on this Congress to repeal and replace Obamacare with reforms that expand choice, increase access, lower costs, and at the same time, provide better health care. Mandating every American to buy government-approved health insurance was never the right solution for America. The way to make health insurance available to everyone is to lower the cost of health insurance, and that is what we will do. Obamacare premiums nationwide have increased by double and triple digits. As an example, Arizona went up 116 percent last year alone.  Governor Matt Bevin of Kentucky just said Obamacare is failing in his state -- it is unsustainable and collapsing. One third of counties have only one insurer on the exchanges -- leaving many Americans with no choice at all. Remember when you were told that you could keep your doctor, and keep your plan? We now know that all of those promises have been broken. Obamacare is collapsing -- and we must act decisively to protect all Americans.  Action is not a choice -- it is a necessity. So I am calling on all Democrats and Republicans in the Congress to work with us to save Americans from this imploding Obamacare disaster. Here are the principles that should guide the Congress as we move to create a better healthcare system for all Americans: First, we should ensure that Americans with pre-existing conditions have access to coverage, and that we have a stable transition for Americans currently enrolled in the healthcare exchanges. Secondly, we should help Americans purchase their own coverage, through the use of tax credits and expanded Health Savings Accounts -- but it must be the plan they want, not the plan forced on them by the government. Thirdly, we should give our great state governors the resources and flexibility they need with Medicaid to make sure no one is left out. Fourthly, we should implement legal reforms that protect patients and doctors from unnecessary costs that drive up the price of insurance -- and work to bring down the artificially high price of drugs and bring them down immediately. Finally, the time has come to give Americans the freedom to purchase health insurance across State lines -- creating a truly competitive national marketplace that will bring cost way down and provide far better care. Everything that is broken in our country can be fixed. Every problem can be solved. And every hurting family can find healing, and hope. Our citizens deserve this, and so much more -- so why not join forces to finally get it done?  On this and so many other things, Democrats and Republicans should get together and unite for the good of our country, and for the good of the American people. My administration wants to work with members in both parties to make childcare accessible and affordable, to help ensure new parents have paid family leave, to invest in women's health, and to promote clean air and clear water, and to rebuild our military and our infrastructure. True love for our people requires us to find common ground, to advance the common good, and to cooperate on behalf of every American child who deserves a brighter future. An incredible young woman is with us this evening who should serve as an inspiration to us all. Today is Rare Disease Day, and joining us in the gallery is a rare disease survivor, Megan Crowley. Megan was diagnosed with Pompe Disease, a rare and serious illness, when she was 15 months old.  She was not expected to live past 5. On receiving this news, Megan's dad, John, fought with everything he had to save the life of his precious child. He founded a company to look for a cure, and helped develop the drug that saved Megan's life. Today she is 20 years old -- and a sophomore at Notre Dame. Megan's story is about the unbounded power of a father's love for a daughter. But our slow and burdensome approval process at the Food and Drug Administration keeps too many advances, like the one that saved Megan's life, from reaching those in need. If we slash the restraints, not just at the FDA but across our Government, then we will be blessed with far more miracles like Megan. In fact, our children will grow up in a nation of miracles. But to achieve this future, we must enrich the mind -- and the souls -- of every American child. Education is the civil rights issue of our time. I am calling upon members of both parties to pass an education bill that funds school choice for disadvantaged youth, including millions of African-American and Latino children. These families should be free to choose the public, private, charter, magnet, religious or home school that is right for them. Joining us tonight in the gallery is a remarkable woman, Denisha Merriweather. As a young girl, Denisha struggled in school and failed third grade twice. But then she was able to enroll in a private center for learning, with the help of a tax credit scholarship program. Today, she is the first in her family to graduate, not just from high school, but from college. Later this year she will get her masters degree in social work. We want all children to be able to break the cycle of poverty just like Denisha. But to break the cycle of poverty, we must also break the cycle of violence. The murder rate in 2015 experienced its largest single-year increase in nearly half a century. In Chicago, more than 4,000 people were shot last year alone -- and the murder rate so far this year has been even higher. This is not acceptable in our society. Every American child should be able to grow up in a safe community, to attend a great school, and to have access to a high-paying job. But to create this future, we must work with -- not against -- the men and women of law enforcement. We must build bridges of cooperation and trust -- not drive the wedge of disunity and division. Police and sheriffs are members of our community. They are friends and neighbors, they are mothers and fathers, sons and daughters -- and they leave behind loved ones every day who worry whether or not they'll come home safe and sound. We must support the incredible men and women of law enforcement. And we must support the victims of crime. I have ordered the Department of Homeland Security to create an office to serve American victims. The office is called VOICE –- Victims Of Immigration Crime Engagement. We are providing a voice to those who have been ignored by our media and silenced by special interests. Joining us in the audience tonight are four very brave Americans whose government failed them. Their names are Jamiel Shaw, Susan Oliver, Jenna Oliver and Jessica Davis. Jamiel's 17-year-old son was viciously murdered by an illegal immigrant gang member, who had just been released from prison. Jamiel Shaw Jr. was an incredible young man, with unlimited potential who was getting ready to go to college where he would have excelled as a great quarterback. But he never got the chance. His father, who is in the audience tonight , has become a good friend of mine. Also with us are Susan Oliver and Jessica Davis. Their husbands -- Deputy Sheriff Danny Oliver and Detective Michael Davis -- were slain in the line of duty in California. They were pillars of their community. These brave men were viciously gunned down by an illegal immigrant with a criminal record and two prior deportations. Sitting with Susan is her daughter, Jenna. Jenna:  I want you to know that your father was a hero, and that tonight you have the love of an entire country supporting you and praying for you. To Jamiel, Jenna, Susan and Jessica:  I want you to know -- we will never stop fighting for justice.  Your loved ones will never be forgotten, we will always honor their memory. Finally, to keep America safe we must provide the men and women of the United States military with the tools they need to prevent war and -- if they must -- to fight and to win. I am sending the Congress a budget that rebuilds the military, eliminates the Defense sequester, and calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history. My budget will also increase funding for our veterans. Our veterans have delivered for this nation -- and now we must deliver for them. The challenges we face as a nation are great. But our people are even greater. And none are greater or braver than those who fight for America in uniform. We are blessed to be joined tonight by Carryn Owens, the widow of a U.S. Navy special operator, Senior Chief William "Ryan" Owens.  Ryan died as he lived:  a warrior, and a hero -- battling against terrorism and securing our Nation. I just spoke to General Mattis, who reconfirmed that, and I quote, "Ryan was a part of a highly successful raid that generated large amounts of vital intelligence that will lead to many more victories in the future against our enemies."  Ryan's legacy is etched into eternity. For as the Bible teaches us, there is no greater act of love than to lay down one's life for one's friends.  Ryan laid down his life for his friends, for his country, and for our freedom -- we will never forget him. To those allies who wonder what kind of friend America will be, look no further than the heroes who wear our uniform. Our foreign policy calls for a direct, robust and meaningful engagement with the world. It is American leadership based on vital security interests that we share with our allies across the globe. We strongly support NATO, an alliance forged through the bonds of two world wars that dethroned fascism, and a Cold War that defeated communism. But our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. We expect our partners, whether in NATO, in the Middle East, or the Pacific -- to take a direct and meaningful role in both strategic and military operations, and pay their fair share of the cost. We will respect historic institutions, but we will also respect the sovereign rights of nations. Free nations are the best vehicle for expressing the will of the people -- and America respects the right of all nations to chart their own path. My job is not to represent the world. My job is to represent the United States of America. But we know that America is better off, when there is less conflict -- not more. We must learn from the mistakes of the past -- we have seen the war and destruction that have raged across our world. The only long-term solution for these humanitarian disasters is to create the conditions where displaced persons can safely return home and begin the long process of rebuilding. America is willing to find new friends, and to forge new partnerships, where shared interests align. We want harmony and stability, not war and conflict. We want peace, wherever peace can be found.  America is friends today with former enemies. Some of our closest allies, decades ago, fought on the opposite side of these World Wars. This history should give us all faith in the possibilities for a better world. Hopefully, the 250th year for America will see a world that is more peaceful, more just and more free. On our 100th anniversary, in 1876, citizens from across our nation came to Philadelphia to celebrate America's centennial. At that celebration, the country's builders and artists and inventors showed off their creations. Alexander Graham Bell displayed his telephone for the first time. Remington unveiled the first typewriter. An early attempt was made at electric light. Thomas Edison showed an automatic telegraph and an electric pen. Imagine the wonders our country could know in America's 250th year. Think of the marvels we can achieve if we simply set free the dreams of our people. Cures to illnesses that have always plagued us are not too much to hope. American footprints on distant worlds are not too big a dream. Millions lifted from welfare to work is not too much to expect. And streets where mothers are safe from fear -- schools where children learn in peace -- and jobs where Americans prosper and grow -- are not too much to ask. When we have all of this, we will have made America greater than ever before. For all Americans. This is our vision. This is our mission. But we can only get there together. We are one people, with one destiny. We all bleed the same blood. We all salute the same flag. And we are all made by the same God. And when we fulfill this vision; when we celebrate our 250 years of glorious freedom, we will look back on tonight as when this new chapter of American greatness began. The time for small thinking is over. The time for trivial fights is behind us. We just need the courage to share the dreams that fill our hearts. The bravery to express the hopes that stir our souls. And the confidence to turn those hopes and dreams to action. From now on, America will be empowered by our aspirations, not burdened by our fears -- inspired by the future, not bound by the failures of the past -- and guided by our vision, not blinded by our doubts. I am asking all citizens to embrace this renewal of the American spirit.  I am asking all members of Congress to join me in dreaming big, and bold and daring things for our country.  And I am asking everyone watching tonight to seize this moment and -- Believe in yourselves. Believe in your future. And believe, once more, in America. Thank you, God bless you, and God bless these United States." Related Articles Obama Returning To Politics Champion Of Obamacare To Give Response To Trump Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Hunter McGrady's Supersexy Red Carpet Look Has an Important Message 3981 messages7%56%37% Most Profitable Investment of All Time CrowdabilitySponsored Prince Jackson opens up about father Michael Jackson's legacy 1 messages The woman behind the story behind the Trump Twitter storm 743 messages4%68%28% Photos of the day - March 5, 2017 11 messages0%92%8% Unlimited Data Talk and Text Sprint®Sponsored 'Missing Richard Simmons' highlights fitness icon's mysterious whereabouts 3 messages0%50%50% North Korea missiles 'drill for strike on US bases': KCNA 1006 messages3%71%26% Andrew Bogut fractures left tibia only one minute into Cavs career 343 messages7%73%20% Missing Wall Street Legend Releases Peculiar Video Banyan HillSponsored 97-year-old twins leave world as they entered it: together 739 messages11%59%30% Jackson Heights’ Muslim enclave in the New York City melting pot 224 messages4%67%29% Retracing President Trump's whirlwind wiretapping claims 5 messages0%50%50% Build an Amazing Gaming PC on A Tight Budget eBaySponsored The Messed Wing: Video Emerges of Trump's Purported Tirade Against Steven Bannon, Reince Priebus 3552 messages4%63%33% Bill Paxton’s Death Certificate Reveals Valve Replacement Surgery Triggered Stroke 1146 messages10%61%29% Ex-CIA director on wiretap claim: Trump apparently ‘forgot that he was president’ R. Perez: Even Scarborough is jumping off the sinking ship. Trump is a liar, possibly treasonous, but even worse, he is mentally unstable and unfit to be president while havinbg access to nuclear codes. Im not even happy saying this, it truly is a dark time in american history. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 10.4k
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 48° Low 36° High 67° Fayetteville 44° Low 35° High 61° Bentonville 45° Low 37° High 60° See complete forecast WEATHER WATCH: Click Here To Tune In To Garrett LIVE Walmart App Updates Roll Out Quicker, Easier Process For Pharmacy, Money Services Customers Posted 12:34 pm, March 2, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers, Updated at 12:37PM, March 2, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Courtesy Walmart × Walmart App Updates Roll Out Quicker, Easier Process For Pharmacy, Money Services Customers Courtesy Walmart BENTONVILLE (KFSM) — Walmart Stores Inc. announced new app updates to help customers using Walmart Pharmacies or Money Services. On Monday (Feb. 27), Walmart announced that the new app updates will help streamline the process of using the pharmacy or money services by creating a faster and easier in-store experience. People will be able to order refills in the Walmart App and then skip the lines to pick up prescriptions with express lanes. Customers will also be able to watch their order status and check pricing on their prescriptions. Customers wanting to transfer money will be able to quicken their stop in Walmart by filling out paperwork ahead of time in the app, and then using express lanes to skip long store lines. The new pharmacy and money services features will begin rolling out in stores in March, and will be completed in nearly all Walmart stores by fall. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Woman Wants To Find Boy Who Left $5 And Sad Apology Note On Her Door Police Working To Recover Body Near Sallisaw Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Fayetteville Animal Shelter Responds To Animal Sale Registration Bill School Board Takes FOIA Class In Move Separate From Lawsuit Republicans Unveil Bill To Repeal And Replace Obamacare Arkansas Adds Three Future Opponents News Walmart Warns Customers That Refund Checks Are Real, Not Scams News You Can Now Transfer Money Internationally Through Facebook News Decatur Residents Excited About Dollar General Move News More Than One Million Google Accounts Hit By Malware News Walmart Museum Debuts Exhibit About Iconic Smiley Face News New SNAP Program Doubles Up On Produce News Walmart Launches Free Two-Day Shipping News Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 News Secret Santa Pays Off $46K In Layaway At Pennsylvania Walmart News Walmart Announces Acquisition Of Online Outdoor Retailer News Report: Walmart To Cut Nearly 1,000 Jobs By End Of Month News Walmart Pulls ‘Bulletproof’ Black Lives Matter Items After Police Object News Fisher-Price To Launch High-Tech Exercise Bike For Toddlers Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Monday, March 6, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Local organizations are in need of volunteers Thursday, March 2, 2017 Peaceful Knights Volunteer opportunities for the Peaceful Knights Homeless Shelter include: • Give rides to Aldi’s/Walmart so clients can get groceries • Donation organizer: someone to organize the clothing donations • Fundraiser committees: 5 positions open • Handyman: someone to assist with minor repairs at shelter • Cooked meals/cooking classes • Bicycle repairs and maintenance • Data input/filing • Social media/website maintenance One hour per week would be awesome for any of the positions. Peaceful Knights is at 215 N. First St., Lehighton, Pa. 18235, 610-340-4786. RSVP RSVP (Retired Senior Volunteer Program) is working with ShareCare Faith in Action to find volunteers to help Senior Citizens of Carbon County. Volunteer drivers can give the Senior Citizens of our Carbon County communities help with transportation to medical and other appointments as well as help shopping for food and other essentials. Volunteers are provided with supplemental insurance protection through Senior Corps RSVP while they are volunteering. Mileage reimbursement is available if needed. Anyone with a good driving record, a positive attitude, and a genuine interest in the well-being of others is welcome to apply for this volunteer opportunity. Your help can improve the quality of life and promote independence of Senior Citizens in Carbon County. For more information please call Jean at RSVP at 610-509-4483. Gnaden Huetten volunteers The Gnaden Huetten campus of the Blue Mountain Health System is looking for volunteers to work in the gift shop and to staff the lobby desk either on a one-day-a-week basis or as a substitute. Shift times are 9 a.m. to noon, noon to 4 p.m. and 4 to 8 p.m. For more information or to apply, contact Joe Guardiani at 610-377-7183. If you are unable to volunteer at this time, you can support the hospital by joining the auxiliary. Contact Joe at 610-377-7183. Franklin Volunteer Fire Co. The Franklin Township Volunteer Fire Company No. 1 needs volunteers to help with many fundraising events that are held each year at the fire company, as well as help in making the fire company efficient. Volunteers must become members of the fire company to serve. Some of the areas in which volunteer help would be greatly appreciated: • Auditing of the books of the fire company • Assisting in the directing of parking for the company’s events • Indoor Flea Market, April 22 • Outdoor Flea Market, May 20 • Annual Car Show, June 4 • Annual Block Party, July 14-16 • Annual Yard Sale, Aug. 18-20 • Poets’s Dinner Show & Dance, Oct. 7 • Block Shoot & Hunters’ Day, Nov. 5 • Children’s Xmas Party, Dec. 9 Anyone wishing to help can call the fire company at 610-377-2144. The fire company is at 2440 Fairyland Road, Lehighton, PA 18235 Tamaqua Area Relay for Life Tamaqua Area Relay for Life needs help for the June 23 and 24 relay 1. Team Ambassador: Needed to relay all of the information from the meetings to everyone else via email. Would require you to attend a monthly meeting usually the first Monday of the month. 2. Community Champion: Talk on the radio about upcoming events, contact newspapers, etc. 3. Someone to take charge of setting up of the event. 4. Someone to take charge of cleanup after the event. 5. Help setting up for the survivors event. Contact: rehrigdo@gmail.com Care Net Care Net is opening up a second facility in Nesquehoning soon. It has been our privilege to serve the people in our community for approximately 20 years. We hope to continue serving through the addition of our new additional Care Net. We are in need of capable people who can volunteer here in Lehighton and Nesquehoning weekly for a few hours. These are the volunteer opportunities we have now: office assistants, material resource/thrift store helpers, baby sitters, housekeepers, maintenance helpers, and fundraisers. Contact anyone at Care Net of Carbon County, 610-379-0411, 531 Mahoning Street, Lehighton, PA. Meals on Wheels, Palmerton Meals on Wheels of Palmerton needs volunteer drivers and delivery people to serve clients in the Palmerton area Monday through Friday. We need full-time volunteers (once a week, usually one hour) and also people who can fill in on short notice as needed. Contact William Gallagher at billgal@ptd.net or 610-826-3587. Meals on Wheels of Monroe Meals on Wheels of Monroe County is in great need for additional volunteers in three geographic ares due to service requests, including the West End. Anyone who can help with delivery of meals is asked to contact the RSVP office at 570-420-3747 as soon as possible. Volunteers must have a reliable vehicle, a current Pennsylvania driver’s license and carry a minimum of $100K/$300K auto liability insurance. Accurately tracked mileage is tax deductible. Palmerton Hospital Auxiliary The Palmerton Hospital Auxiliary is looking for volunteers to work in the Owl’s Nest Gift Shop in the Palmerton Hospital, in the Nearly New Thrift Shop on Delaware Avenue, to delivery mail in the Palmerton hospital, or to work at Blue Mountain Health System’s Adult Day Center in Lehighton. Volunteers must be at least 18 years old and must join the auxiliary. It is $3 per year for dues. Contact Lovey Irvin at 610-657-5420. Send information about your organization’s volunteer need and requirements to tneditor@tnonline.com. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Manage My Subscription Subscribe eEdition Delivery Status Contact Us Loading... Tuesday / March 07, 2017 MENU Serving Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and surrounding communities Contests Quizzes Ask the Experts Weather Magazines Mobile FAQs General Store NIE News Obits OBITS DEATH NOTICES SUBMISSIONS Sports Opinion Business Entertainment Features Celebrations Magazines Media PHOTOS VIDEOS COUPON BONANZA Classifieds Jobs Cars Weather Loading Join Our Mailing List EMAIL home / news / front page Thank you for visiting the Leader-Telegram. You’re entitled to view 7 free articles every 30 days and you currently have 7 remaining. Then, if you enjoy our site and want full access, we’ll ask you to purchase an affordable subscription. Grocery scale companies fined State inspectors found violations at Target, Walmart, Festival Foods posted March 2, 2017 12:00 a.m. | updated March 2, 2017 10:51 a.m. (CDT) email article print font size - + by / Andrew Dowd. bio | email 123rf.com | Enlarge Two companies that service grocery scales have been fined for violations of state administrative rules last year at Eau Claire area stores. NCR Corp. of Duluth, Ga., paid $13,341 in civil forfeitures and fees last month, and Bemidji, Minn.-based North Country Business Products paid $4,737 last year. According to documents filed in Eau Claire County Court, the fines stem back to state Department of Agriculture, Trade and Consumer Protection inspections made in early 2016 at local grocery stores. NCR agreed to 17 violations of state rules on weights and measures and paid its fines last month, based on court records. State inspectors rejected several scales on March 1 at Target in Eau Claire, March 2 at the Eau Claire Walmart and on March 15 at Walmart in Lake Hallie. NCR then serviced those scales, but DATCP found problems with their work when returning for follow-up inspections. Some of the scales had accuracy problems, based on violations reported by inspectors. One of the Target scales was “out of tolerance” and two of the Eau Claire Walmart scales did not start at zero, according to DATCP. Other violations included NCR service reports that failed to mention the scales previously had been rejected by DATCP, neglecting to affix a required seal after servicing and not securing scales to a cabinet. North Country agreed in September to one violation of state rules for weights and measures, which was related to recordkeeping problems. North Country had installed two new scales at Festival Foods on Jan. 28, 2016, which the state then inspected on March 16. DATCP found that North Country had not filed service reports at the store within a required 10-day time frame. North Country’s fine also covers a violation of DATCP rules for a scale at Econo Foods in Sturgeon Bay. A March 2016 inspection at that store found that a service report also had not been filed in a timely manner and this one failed to mention that DATCP previously rejected that scale. Contact: 715-833-9204, andrew.dowd@ecpc.com, @ADowd_LT on Twitter Email this: Grocery scale companies fined | Eau Claire Leader-Telegram Your Name: Your e-mail: Recipient(s) Name: Recipient(s) e-mail: *Separate multiple addresses with a comma Comments: (optional) Send Clear Recommended EC schools panel to look at discrepancy in donations for 2 high schools Payroll duties may be split Solar project nears completion EC plan now offering medical travel service Changes to Eau Claire housing code considered Medical tourism taking wing as U.S. patients fly abroad for treatment Hansen’s putback sends Panthers to state for 11th time in school history EC police: Man fought officer, crashed squad car Retired volunteers keep wheels turning at Feed My People Food Bank Lloyd's murder trial set for 2018 Xtras e-Edition Manage My Account New Subscriptions Magazines Delivery Coupon Bonanza Churches Submissions Most Read EC schools panel to look at discrepancy in donations for 2 high schools Payroll duties may be split Solar project nears completion EC plan now offering medical travel service Man facing multiple charges, including battery to officer More... Go to Top News Front Page Politics Local Daily Updates State National/World Crime Offbeat Blogs Public Notices Sports Preps Golf Racing Daily Updates Local Colleges Community Blogs NFL MLB NBA NHL Obits Obituaries Death Notices Submissions Opinions Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Submissions Business Local Business From the Wire Entertainment Local Entertainment Celebrity News Blogs Calendar TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Features Lifestyles Home & Garden Getting Out Food Food Inspections Health Travel Religion On Campus Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Submissions Join Our Mailing List EMAIL © 2017 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. 701 S. Farwell St., Eau Claire, WI 54701 / 715.833.9200
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Price war triggers Kroger's first same-store sales drop in 13 years Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu Mar 2, 2017 | 11:45am EST Price war triggers Kroger's first same-store sales drop in 13 years By Richa Naidu Supermarket operator Kroger Co (KR.N) surprised analysts with its first quarterly same-store sales decline in 13 years, as competition intensified in the U.S. grocery industry, sending its shares down as much as 5.6 percent on Thursday. Kroger, like other grocers, has been struggling with lackluster U.S. economic growth and a cut-throat price war with Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) and Amazon Inc (AMZN.O). Cincinnati-based Kroger said, excluding fuel, sales from stores open for at least a year fell 0.7 percent, widely missing analysts' average estimate of a 0.1 percent rise, according to Consensus Metrix. Kroger blamed the decline on deflation. This was Kroger's first quarterly same-store sales drop since the first quarter of 2003, raising concerns it is losing customers to rivals. "With peers Ahold Delhaize (AD.AS), Walmart and Publix (PUSH.PK) reporting better comparable sales than Kroger, it is becoming increasingly likely that the company is losing overall market share," J.P. Morgan analyst Ken Goldman said. Price competition in the industry has been increasing, with Wal-Mart reportedly running a new price-comparison test to knock out competition from German discount grocery chain Aldi Inc [ALDIEI.UL] and Kroger. Target Corp (TGT.N) said on Tuesday it would sacrifice full-year margins to keep its prices competitive. Kroger has become more promotional and aggressive on some pricing as sales were softer, CEO Rodney McMullen told analysts on a call. "There is no doubt several competitors are improving and running better stores ... it's much broader than just Walmart," he added. Kroger, whose chains include Ralphs and Fred Meyer, forecast full-year earnings of $2.21-$2.25 per share, the midpoint of which meets analysts' average estimate of $2.23, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. "We are disappointed in the comparable number and are starting to wonder how Kroger will get anywhere near its long-term outlook for 8-11 percent earnings per share growth in today's environment," Goldman added. The No. 1 U.S. supermarket chain said it expects full-year same-store sales excluding fuel to either remain flat or rise as much as 1 percent, short of the 1.2 percent rise analysts had estimated. Kroger's shares, which had already taken a 4 percent hit this week after news of Wal-Mart and Target's pricing strategies, were down 3.2 percent at $31.01 in morning trading. The company earned 53 cents per share, in the fourth quarter ended Jan. 28, beating the average analyst estimate by one cent. Net sales rose 5.5 percent to $27.61 billion, beating analysts' average estimate of $27.31 billion. (Reporting by Richa Naidu in Bengaluru; Editing by Martina D'Couto) The sign of a Ralphs grocery store, which is owned by Kroger Co, is pictured ahead of company results in Pasadena, California U.S., December 1, 2016. REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni Next In Business News VW CEO sees no immediate trouble from PSA-Opel deal GENEVA PSA Group's purchase of General Motors' Opel division will cause no immediate problems for Volkswagen's core autos division, which is undergoing major restructuring, VW Chief Executive Matthias Mueller said. Wells Fargo names Allen Parker general counsel Wells Fargo & Co named Allen Parker general counsel on Monday, at a time when the third-largest U.S. lender looks to restore its battered reputation following a scandal over phony accounts. Tariff-free Brexit 'really important' for Ford's UK jobs GENEVA Tariff-free trade after Brexit is vitally important to maintaining jobs at Ford's British sites, its European boss told Reuters on Tuesday, amid growing concerns among unions about jobs losses at the U.S. carmaker's Welsh engine plant. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Technology Business Politics World Breakingviews CyberRisk Election 2016 Health Watch Most Popular Innovations More Videos video Business Wall Street slips on Trump comments - 01:25 Tyson Foods' stock plunges - 01:28 Asian nations restrict U.S. poultry imports over bird flu - 02:09 Trump uncertainty slowing U.S. travel bookings - 01:37 Greek PM glosses over bailout delays and weak data - 01:44 Peugeot 3008 crowned 'Car of the Year' in Geneva - 01:47 Breakingviews TV: Shopping brawl - 03:02 GM bets smaller is better - 01:33 Bird flu found on Tyson chicken farm - 01:07 PSA promises Opel turnaround after takeover - 01:32 Deutsche Bank shares drop on capital hike plan - 01:24 India's gold imports surge on pent-up demand - 01:42 Kroger's disappointing sales Thursday, March 02, 2017 - 01:22 Existing store sales surprisingly dropped in the latest quarter. As Fred Katayama reports, price wars and falling grocery prices are hurting the largest U.S. supermarket chain. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Price wars pressuring Kroger. The largest U.S. supermarket chain surprised Wall Street with a drop in existing store sales in the latest quarter. Analysts had expected a slight increase. It comes as rival Wal-Mart has intensified the price wars by launching a price comparison test in 11 states aimed at closing the pricing gap with Kroger and discount grocery chain Aldi. Falling grocery prices are also hurting Kroger whose brands include Ralphs and Fred Meyer. The disappointing same-store sales pushed its stock lower in early trading. Its shares have dropped by more than a fifth over the last 12 months, vastly underperforming Wal-Mart. First Standard Financial's chief market economist Peter Cardillo says price conscious consumers will keep pressuring retailers. SOUNDBITE: PETER CARDILLO, CHIEF MARKET ECONOMIST, FIRST STANDARD FINANCIAL, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "The consumer remains very cautious. Even though personal income is quite strong and spending is pretty good, they're not just going to throw their money down the drain without looking for a bargain And so that brings us to the question of discounting. And discounting in many ways hurts a lot of the retailers.." 8:42:27 Kroger's falling profit and rising net sales topped expectations. But the retailer doesn't see much sales growth this year with a forecast ranging from flat to 1 percent growth. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2mJVrKD <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371223563" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Kroger's disappointing sales Thursday, March 02, 2017 - 01:22 Top News » Rollout of revised travel ban was 'extremely'... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:03) Washington State working to determine... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:05) Ally of Chris Christie avoids jail for airline... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:58) 'Dobby' the baby giraffe standing tall after... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:46) Alleged gang members charged in Satanic ritual... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:57) No evidence "thus far" of Trump's wiretap... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:16) Trump leaves Iraq off new travel ban Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:45) N. Ireland leaders meet for crunch talks Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:16) Trump signs revised travel ban, Iraq left off Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:56) Juppe drops election bid in "sick" France Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:15) Marines investigated for nude photo network Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:42) FBI Director to Justice Department: Reject... Sun, Mar 05, 2017 - (0:53) Migrant Crisis » Migrants ask Brits to imagine a day without... Mon, Feb 20, 2017 - (1:48) Want to learn Arabic, Korean or Swahili?... Thu, Feb 16, 2017 - (2:03) Rally against Trump's plans on Muslim... Thu, Jan 26, 2017 - (1:00) New EU anti-terror laws target Muslims,... Tue, Jan 17, 2017 - (1:13) Four migrants drown off the coast of southern... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:55) Probation for Hungarian camerawoman who... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:31) Some 800 migrants rescued by Italian... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:50) Some 800 boat migrants rescued during break in... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:54) Refugees make best of sub-zero weather in... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (0:42) Iraqi refugee camp now bustling town Tue, Jan 10, 2017 - (1:15) Frosts kill dozens in central Europe Mon, Jan 09, 2017 - (1:10) Trudeau sheds tears over Syrian refugees Wed, Dec 07, 2016 - (1:09) Most Popular » Editors' Picks » U.S.-backed Iraqi forces launch fresh push... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:45) FBI Director to Justice Department: Reject... Sun, Mar 05, 2017 - (0:53) N. Korea fires four missiles into the sea near... Sun, Mar 05, 2017 - (1:20) Face masks for kids to counter toxic city air Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (2:23) Emma Watson addresses Vanity Fair photo... Sat, Mar 04, 2017 - (1:39) Mars astronaut radiation shield set for moon... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (1:57) Venezuela's state of misery Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (2:27) This Dutch village symbolizes Europe's far... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (1:38) Why some of Snap Inc’s LA neighbors want them... Thu, Mar 02, 2017 - (2:20) Germany's divided AfD faces rocky election... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (2:02) The ISIS wild card in Trump's U.S. troops call Thu, Mar 02, 2017 - (2:02) Undocumented parents fearing deportation worry... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (1:54) Innovations » Pendant device turns your voice into text Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:31) Face masks for kids to counter toxic city air Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (2:23) Mars astronaut radiation shield set for moon... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (1:57) Cameroonian girls turn waste into watts Thu, Mar 02, 2017 - (2:07) Egyptian researchers turn prawns into plastic Thu, Mar 02, 2017 - (0:53) Why sitting down may not be as bad for you as... Wed, Mar 01, 2017 - (1:31) Robotic rehab platform helps predict injury... Wed, Mar 01, 2017 - (2:08) Robocar - a self-driving electric AI car -... Tue, Feb 28, 2017 - (1:44) Silicone rubber robots could vastly improve... Sun, Feb 26, 2017 - (1:32) Soccer-playing bumblebees get goal-scoring... Fri, Feb 24, 2017 - (0:53) 3D 'bone maps' could spot early signs of... Fri, Feb 24, 2017 - (2:07) Coral reef images show new bleaching at Great... Fri, Feb 24, 2017 - (1:00) Entertainment » Stella McCartney's dancing models mesmerise at... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (2:04) Emma Watson addresses Vanity Fair photo... Sat, Mar 04, 2017 - (1:39) 'Beauty and the Beast's' star-studded LA... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (1:10) Thousands of daffodils light up night by St... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (0:52) Family and crime explored in 'Trespass Against... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (2:06) Neverland goes back on the market Thu, Mar 02, 2017 - (1:00) Hollywood rivalry brought to life in new TV... Thu, Mar 02, 2017 - (1:45) Zoey Deutch follows in the footsteps of her... Thu, Mar 02, 2017 - (1:51) PwC accountants blamed for Oscar gaffe barred... Thu, Mar 02, 2017 - (1:00) Oscar fashions get kid-friendly Wed, Mar 01, 2017 - (1:33) Hugh Jackman promotes Logan in Beijing Wed, Mar 01, 2017 - (1:07) New "Alien: Covenant" trailer unveiled Wed, Mar 01, 2017 - (1:30) Rough Cuts » Three Brooklyn women at same nursing home... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:31) Rollout of revised travel ban was 'extremely'... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:03) Washington State working to determine... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:05) Ally of Chris Christie avoids jail for airline... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:58) 'Dobby' the baby giraffe standing tall after... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:46) Cuba's Raul Castro blasts Trump's wall as... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:47) Texas bathroom bill backers renew push ahead... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:17) Mexican lawmaker climbs border wall, mocks... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:46) No evidence "thus far" of Trump's wiretap... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:16) Trump signs revised travel ban, Iraq left off Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:56) Stella McCartney's dancing models mesmerise at... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (2:04) Britain's Johnson says Russia has to show it... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (1:18) Moving Pictures » Mosul train tunnel reveals assault course for... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:43) Welcome to the wall: artist Banksy opens... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (1:07) Images of February Wed, Mar 01, 2017 - (1:01) Venezuela's state of misery Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (2:27) Images of January Fri, Feb 03, 2017 - (1:01) Images of December Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:01) One photo, one country, one year Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (5:12) Images of November Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:01) Images of October (graphic images) Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:06) Images of September Fri, Sep 30, 2016 - (0:59) How to talk to black children about police... Fri, Sep 23, 2016 - (1:50) Images of August Thu, Sep 01, 2016 - (1:00) Reuters Investigates » Special Report: Brennan ushers in sweeping... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (2:15) Chinese high-rollers play 'shill' game in... Thu, Sep 29, 2016 - (2:19) W. Virginia weathers fallout from coal... Fri, Aug 05, 2016 - (2:04) Reuse and abuse: How Asia’s test-prep centers... Mon, Mar 28, 2016 - (3:02) SPECIAL REPORT: Flint-like dangers in private... Thu, Mar 10, 2016 - (2:34) A drug epidemic’s most vulnerable victims Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:58) ‘When you’re using, you think it’s OK’ Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:20) A baby in withdrawal Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (0:35) ‘I was in labor, in the bathroom, shooting... Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (3:53) Al-Qaeda detainee alleges CIA sexual abuse Tue, Jun 02, 2015 - (2:09) Pesticideland Thu, Apr 02, 2015 - (2:33) Israel's fastest-growing minority threatens to... Mon, Nov 24, 2014 - (24:41) Dateline Asia » The ISIS wild card in Trump's U.S. troops call Thu, Mar 02, 2017 - (2:02) Malaysia scraps visa-free travel for North... Thu, Mar 02, 2017 - (2:05) Woman arrested over the murder of Kim Jong Nam Wed, Feb 15, 2017 - (1:55) Indian PM's reforms face reality in key polls Fri, Feb 10, 2017 - (1:49) China's booming online book industry Fri, Jan 20, 2017 - (2:14) South Korean judge refuses arrest of Samsung... Thu, Jan 19, 2017 - (1:48) China to target around 6.5% growth in 2017 Tue, Jan 17, 2017 - (2:02) South Korea seeks arrest of Samsung boss Lee Mon, Jan 16, 2017 - (1:56) Elderly 'abuse' in China sparks online rage Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (1:53) Rex Tillerson has a tough message for China Thu, Jan 12, 2017 - (1:58) Taiwan scrambles jets as Chinese carrier... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:45) Legendary journalist Clare Hollingworth dies... Wed, Jan 11, 2017 - (1:46) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Wall Street slips on Trump comments - 01:25 Tyson Foods' stock plunges - 01:28 Trump uncertainty slowing U.S. travel bookings - 01:37 Greek PM glosses over bailout delays and weak data - 01:44 Peugeot 3008 crowned 'Car of the Year' in Geneva - 01:47 Breakingviews TV: Shopping brawl - 03:02 GM bets smaller is better - 01:33 PSA promises Opel turnaround after takeover - 01:32 Deutsche Bank shares drop on capital hike plan - 01:24 India's gold imports surge on pent-up demand - 01:42 Global weekahead: Fed and ECB go separate ways - 01:42 Wall Street ends flat - 01:36 Kroger's disappointing sales Thursday, March 02, 2017 - 01:22 Existing store sales surprisingly dropped in the latest quarter. As Fred Katayama reports, price wars and falling grocery prices are hurting the largest U.S. supermarket chain. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Price wars pressuring Kroger. The largest U.S. supermarket chain surprised Wall Street with a drop in existing store sales in the latest quarter. Analysts had expected a slight increase. It comes as rival Wal-Mart has intensified the price wars by launching a price comparison test in 11 states aimed at closing the pricing gap with Kroger and discount grocery chain Aldi. Falling grocery prices are also hurting Kroger whose brands include Ralphs and Fred Meyer. The disappointing same-store sales pushed its stock lower in early trading. Its shares have dropped by more than a fifth over the last 12 months, vastly underperforming Wal-Mart. First Standard Financial's chief market economist Peter Cardillo says price conscious consumers will keep pressuring retailers. SOUNDBITE: PETER CARDILLO, CHIEF MARKET ECONOMIST, FIRST STANDARD FINANCIAL, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "The consumer remains very cautious. Even though personal income is quite strong and spending is pretty good, they're not just going to throw their money down the drain without looking for a bargain And so that brings us to the question of discounting. And discounting in many ways hurts a lot of the retailers.." 8:42:27 Kroger's falling profit and rising net sales topped expectations. But the retailer doesn't see much sales growth this year with a forecast ranging from flat to 1 percent growth. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2mJWScl <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371223563" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Kroger's disappointing sales Thursday, March 02, 2017 - 01:22 Top News » Top French party officials "unanimously back"... 1:44pm IST - (1:09) Malaysia and North Korea send envoys packing 11:01am IST - (1:20) House Republicans unveil bill to repeal... 7:09am IST - (1:30) N. Ireland leaders meet for crunch talks Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:16) In Indian village, grandmothers taught to read... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:04) Juppe drops election bid in "sick" France Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:15) N.Irish borderlands fear post-Brexit customs Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:24) N. Korea fires four missiles into the sea near... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:20) FBI Director to Justice Department: Reject... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (0:53) Marches kick off across world ahead of... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:42) Arrivals of migrants in Italy at... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:25) Fillon fights back in Paris presidential rally Sun, 05 Mar, 2017 - (1:28) Rough Cuts » Top French party officials "unanimously back"... 1:44pm IST - (1:09) Three Brooklyn women at same nursing home... 7:57am IST - (1:31) Cuba's Raul Castro blasts Trump's wall as... 2:51am IST - (0:47) Mexican lawmaker climbs border wall, mocks... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (0:46) No evidence "thus far" of Trump's wiretap... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:16) Trump signs revised travel ban, Iraq left off Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:56) Stella McCartney's dancing models mesmerise at... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (2:04) France's Juppe says not prepared to be... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (0:51) Supporters of France's Fillon stand strong Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (0:49) U.S.-backed Iraqi forces launch fresh push... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (0:45) Erdogan compares German conduct with Nazi... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:28) Wife-Carrying Championship drama in the UK Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (0:56) Technology » Pendant device turns your voice into text Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (1:31) Face masks for kids to counter toxic city air Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (2:23) Mars astronaut radiation shield set for moon... Sat, 04 Mar, 2017 - (1:57) Cameroonian girls turn waste into watts Thu, 02 Mar, 2017 - (2:07) Egyptian researchers turn prawns into plastic Thu, 02 Mar, 2017 - (0:53) Why sitting down may not be as bad for you as... Thu, 02 Mar, 2017 - (1:31) Eye-opening security tech at MWC Wed, 01 Mar, 2017 - (1:46) Robotic rehab platform helps predict injury... Wed, 01 Mar, 2017 - (2:08) Robocar - a self-driving electric AI car -... Wed, 01 Mar, 2017 - (1:44) First Europe roadtest for self-driving Nissan Tue, 28 Feb, 2017 - (1:49) SpaceX plans 2018 tourist flight around the... Tue, 28 Feb, 2017 - (1:01) Silicone rubber robots could vastly improve... Sun, 26 Feb, 2017 - (1:32) Oddly Enough » Three Brooklyn women at same nursing home... 7:57am IST - (1:31) 'Dobby' the baby giraffe standing tall after... 12:58am IST - (0:46) Guests work out amidst masterpieces at the... Sat, 04 Mar, 2017 - (1:42) Thousands of daffodils light up night by St... Fri, 03 Mar, 2017 - (0:52) Croatian island celebrates legendary victory... Wed, 01 Mar, 2017 - (1:21) A feast of festivities at the annual Pancake... Tue, 28 Feb, 2017 - (1:12) Greeks throw flour to forget woes Tue, 28 Feb, 2017 - (1:17) Barack Obama, next French president? Tue, 28 Feb, 2017 - (1:55) Bulldogs parade through Mexico City in hopes... Mon, 27 Feb, 2017 - (1:06) La La Land celebrated with statues in London Fri, 24 Feb, 2017 - (0:57) Police go on bull chase in New York Wed, 22 Feb, 2017 - (0:46) Thousands of ducks take up residence in... Sat, 18 Feb, 2017 - (0:50) Entertainment » Stella McCartney's dancing models mesmerise at... Mon, 06 Mar, 2017 - (2:04) Emma Watson addresses Vanity Fair photo... Sun, 05 Mar, 2017 - (1:39) Thousands of daffodils light up night by St... Fri, 03 Mar, 2017 - (0:52) Family and crime explored in 'Trespass Against... Fri, 03 Mar, 2017 - (2:06) Neverland goes back on the market Fri, 03 Mar, 2017 - (1:00) Hollywood rivalry brought to life in new TV... Fri, 03 Mar, 2017 - (1:45) Zoey Deutch follows in the footsteps of her... Fri, 03 Mar, 2017 - (1:51) PwC accountants blamed for Oscar gaffe barred... Thu, 02 Mar, 2017 - (1:00) Oscar fashions get kid-friendly Thu, 02 Mar, 2017 - (1:33) Hugh Jackman promotes Logan in Beijing Thu, 02 Mar, 2017 - (1:07) New "Alien: Covenant" trailer unveiled Wed, 01 Mar, 2017 - (1:30) Saint Laurent kicks off Paris Fashion Week Wed, 01 Mar, 2017 - (1:18) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Thermal Imaging Camera Spots Suspect Crawling Through Mud After Fleeing Walmart Fight: Cops Inside Edition March 2, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A man who was allegedly involved in a fight at a Florida Walmart before fleeing in a stolen truck this week has been hauled to jail after cops say they caught him crawling through mud. Dustin Arnold was allegedly spotted by a helicopter equipped with a thermal imaging camera after the Ormond Beach Police Department responded to a call about an incident at the retailer Wednesday night. Read: Dashcam Video Shows Police Officer Being Dragged Down Street During Traffic Stop While en route to the Walmart, police say they saw a black truck speeding away. The truck continued onto Interstate 95 before crashing into a tree, according to WKMG. The aerial search ensued after cops say four people jumped from the truck in an attempt to elude authorities. Officials say they spotted Arnold fleeing "on all fours" through a muddy ditch at about 2 a.m. Arnold was one of two people arrested at the scene and was covered in mud when he was handcuffed, cops said. Watch: Runaway Bull That Escaped Slaughterhouse Dies After Being Chased by NYPD In his booking photo, Arnold appears to be all cleaned up. He is charged with accessory after the fact to grand theft. The driver of the truck remains at large and police said there were no witnesses or victims in the Walmart fight. Watch: Terrifying 911 Call Reveals Woman's Road Rage Ordeal: 'He's Trying to Kill Me!' Related Articles: Girl Snaps Eerie Photo of 'Ghost Man' Standing Next to Her Brother 99-Year-Old Woman Gets Arrested to Cross it Off Her Bucket List Teacher Gives a Kidney to 5-Year-Old Student Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Hunter McGrady's Supersexy Red Carpet Look Has an Important Message 3981 messages7%56%37% Most Profitable Investment of All Time CrowdabilitySponsored Prince Jackson opens up about father Michael Jackson's legacy 1 messages The woman behind the story behind the Trump Twitter storm 743 messages4%68%28% Photos of the day - March 5, 2017 11 messages0%92%8% Missing Wall Street Legend Releases Peculiar Video Banyan HillSponsored 'Missing Richard Simmons' highlights fitness icon's mysterious whereabouts 3 messages0%50%50% North Korea missiles 'drill for strike on US bases': KCNA 1006 messages3%71%26% Andrew Bogut fractures left tibia only one minute into Cavs career 343 messages7%73%20% Photos From Jaw Dropping Actresses From The Past! History ThingsSponsored 97-year-old twins leave world as they entered it: together 739 messages11%59%30% Jackson Heights’ Muslim enclave in the New York City melting pot 224 messages4%67%29% Retracing President Trump's whirlwind wiretapping claims 5 messages0%50%50% Apple's Nightmare Begins, and Investors Are Happy Wealth DailySponsored The Messed Wing: Video Emerges of Trump's Purported Tirade Against Steven Bannon, Reince Priebus 3552 messages4%63%33% Bill Paxton’s Death Certificate Reveals Valve Replacement Surgery Triggered Stroke 1146 messages10%61%29% Ex-CIA director on wiretap claim: Trump apparently ‘forgot that he was president’ R. Perez: Even Scarborough is jumping off the sinking ship. Trump is a liar, possibly treasonous, but even worse, he is mentally unstable and unfit to be president while havinbg access to nuclear codes. Im not even happy saying this, it truly is a dark time in american history. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 10.4k
E-ALERTS | SUBSCRIBE | LOGIN  Mississippi's Must Reads Kemper plant forces Moody’s downgrade BILL CRAWFORD: Concentrated power on rise in Mississippi Legislature Sanderson, other poultry processors wing it after index is discontinued Sanderson rides dark-meat sales to net profit rebound ‘Life changing chicken’ coming soon to Mississippi Lott Furniture reaching 100th birthday during a time of downtown Laurel renaissance Mississippi Business Journal Mississippi Business News NEWS Agribusiness Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics MORE TOPICS Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Small Business Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities OPINION Cartoons Columns Editorials Letters to Editor Events Best Place to Work BPTW Current winners BPTW digital magazine CEO Awards of Mississippi CEO Awards of Mississippi current winners CEO Awards digital magazine Construction & Architecture C&A Awards Current Winners 50 Leading Business Women 50 Women current winners 50 Women digital magazine Health Care Heroes HCH current winners HCH digital magazine Healthiest Workplaces in Mississippi HWP current winners HWP digital magazine Leaders in Finance LIF current winners LIF digital magazine Leadership in Law Leadership in Law current winners Leadership in Law digital magazine Mississippi’s Administrative Stars Top 50 Under 40 Top 50 current winners Top 50 digital magazine Past Event Winners Lists Book of Lists Business Lists Advertise Digital Checklist Editorial Calendar 2016 Editorial Calendar 2017 Internet Directory Media Kit Store Article Requests Back Issues Special Publications People Submit Form Newsmakers Digital Editions Current Weekly Edition Magazines and Special Pubs Associated sites Hattiesburg Business Today Home » OPINION » Columns » TODD SMITH — Google helps publishers with audience engagement TODD SMITH — Google helps publishers with audience engagement Posted by: For the MBJ in Columns, MBJ FEATURE, NEWS, OPINION, Technology March 2, 2017 TODD SMITH Alphabet Inc’s Google (GOOGL.O) and subsidiary Jigsaw launched on Thursday a new technology to help news organizations and online platforms identify abusive comments on their websites. The technology, called Perspective, will review comments and score them based on how similar they are to comments people said were “toxic” or likely to make them leave a conversation. It has been tested on the New York Times and the companies hope to extend it to other news organizations such as The Guardian and The Economist as well as websites. Perspective examined hundreds of thousands of comments that had been labeled as offensive by human reviewers to learn how to spot potentially abusive language. CJ Adams, Jigsaw product manager, said the company was open to rolling out the technology to all platforms, without specifying whether that included larger ones such as Facebook (FB.O) and Twitter (TWTR.N), where trolling can be a major headache. The technology could be expanded in the future to trying to identify personal attacks or off-topic comments too. Perspective will not decide what to do with comments it finds are potentially abusive; rather publishers will be able to flag them to their moderators or develop tools to help commenters understand the impact of what they are writing. The initiative against trolls follows efforts by Google and Facebook to combat fake news stories in France, Germany and the United States after they came under fire during the presidential election, when it became clear they had inadvertently fanned false news reports. The debate surrounding fake news has led to calls from politicians for social networks to be held more liable for the content posted on their platforms. The Perspective technology is still in its early stages, and Google will be rolling out additional news on this in coming months. Brands Celebrate The Oscars in Grand Style Jimmy Kimmel hosted, La La Land and Moonlight won big, and Justin Timberlake and John Legend performed at the 89th Academy Awards ceremony last Sunday Stars weren’t the only things shining on Hollywood’s big night. It was also a golden opportunity for brands and their marketers. From who wore what on the red carpet – designer brands work with stylists to dress and accessorize celebrities, – to which type of tequila is served up at the after parties, Brand Oscar is big business. CNBC took a look at some of the top branding efforts this year. The Red Carpet This year sees Swarovski not only provided crystals for the awards set at the Dolby Theatre, adorning it with thousands of gems, but also launched a collection of “ethical” fine jewelry for the red carpet. Priyanka Bose (star of “Lion”) and Emma Roberts, who appears in the forthcoming “Billionaire Boys Club” movie, wore pieces from its Atelier Swarovski collection. The brand collaborated with Red Carpet Green Dress, an organization that runs a competition for designers to create dresses and tuxedos using “environmentally and socially responsible fabrics.” Meanwhile, Stella Artois is also working on a red carpet outfit to promote its partnership with charity Water.org, according to an online statement. Model and presenter Olivia Culpo will wear the Marchesa-designed dress, featuring glass beads made from Stella chalices during E!’s “Countdown to the Red Carpet” show. Stella is also running a three-part “Journey of a Dress” series on E! News’ digital network. Brands Behind The Scenes Swarovski was also a key player inside the theater. Its crystals have adorned the stage set for 10 years, and the brand has worked with production designer Derek McLane for the past five. Last year’s set featured more than 110,000 gems. Backstage, Rolex will be exclusive sponsor of the Oscar’s green room for the second year running. Last year’s featured a “combination of classic style and superlative quality that are the hallmarks of both the Oscars and Rolex,” according to an online statement. However the watchmaker would not comment on the cost of its sponsorship, or how it measured the return on its investment when CNBC.com contacted it via email. Rolex has also set up a mentoring program for emerging artists. For those not lucky enough to attend the ceremony, Rolex is sponsoring a party in London, where the event will be live streamed. Guests at the city’s Ham Yard hotel will be treated to a midnight feast and espresso martinis. The TV Ads Academy Awards broadcaster ABC sold out of advertising slots during the ceremony early on. Ad spots reportedly cost as much as $2.5 million per 30-second spot, and brands including Adidas, Stella Artois, AT&T, GM, Hyatt, McDonald’s, Samsung, Verizon and Walmart advertised during the ceremony. Walmart is the only retail sponsor of the Oscars, and it worked with Hollywood directors Antoine Fuqua (“Southpaw”) and Marc Forster (“Monster’s Ball”) and “Superbad” creators Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg to produce one-minute films based on six items on a Walmart receipt: bananas, batteries, paper towels, a scooter, wrapping paper and a video baby monitor. A teaser ad ran prior to the Oscars on its YouTube channel, and the full films were released during the ceremony. Its sponsorship is part of a multi-year partnership with the Academy, and a way for the brand to be involved in “cultural moments,” according to chief marketing officer Tony Rogers. “This campaign is celebrating creativity and storytelling, something our customers do every day. A Walmart receipt tells a story as diverse as the customers who shop with us,” he said in an emailed statement. Hyatt, meanwhile, used its Oscars ad to kick off a global campaign, details of which are yet to be released, while Stella Artois will run its “Buy a Lady a Drink” ad with Matt Damon during the broadcast. The Parties Elton John has held Oscars’ parties for 25 years, raising funds for his AIDS Foundation. This year’s “Viewing Party” guests will eat dinner prepared by Gordon Ramsay while they watch the awards via telecast. Sponsors include jeweler Bulgari and low-calorie beverage brand Neuro Drinks, while Chopin Vodka and Clase Azul Tequila will provide the hard stuff at the event at West Hollywood Park. Short circuited mic | Best Picture gaff tarnished Oscar The Oscars were must-see TV, but not in the way ABC pictured it. “Moonlight” finally won the Best Picture award – albeit in shocking fashion – after Warren Beatty and Faye Dunaway first announced (incorrectly) that the winner was “La La Land.” The presenters were given a duplicate envelope for another category, according to The Wall Street Journal. Before the surprise ending, Sunday night’s Academy Awards struck a variety of political notes, from host Jimmy Kimmel’s call for unity to remarks touching on topics like border walls and transgender rights. The theme didn’t stop during the breaks. Cadillac and Hyatt were among the brands that used pricey ads to communicate messages of diversity and inclusion. The New York Times ran an ad trumpeting its credibility amid a sea of fake news. President Donald Trump tweeted his distaste for the ad (surprise, surprise, which was released online prior to the telecast. Some viewers praised the ads for being better than the politically charged ads that appeared during the Super Bowl. Despite the dropped mic and fumbled Oscar, “La La Land” and “Moonlight” won big. Indeed, the gold luster shone brightly despite some late-night tarnish – and the Silver Screen shimmered across the airwaves, taking an Oscar-sized Golden Mic! Each week, The Spin Cycle will bestow a Golden Mic Award to the person, group or company in the court of public opinion that best exemplifies the tenets of solid PR, marketing and advertising – and those who don’t. Stay tuned – and step-up to the mic! And remember … Amplify Your Brand! » Todd Smith is president and chief communications officer of Deane, Smith & Partners, a full-service branding, PR, marketing and advertising firm with offices in Jackson. The firm — based in Nashville, Tenn. — is also affiliated with Mad Genius. Contact him at todd@deanesmithpartners.com, and follow him @spinsurgeon.  Academy Awards Business Deane Smith and Partners JACKSON Jimmy Kimmell John Legend Justin Timberlake La La Land Mississippi Moonlight Nashville NEWS sting Todd Smith 2017-03-02 For the MBJ tweet Tagged with: Academy Awards Business Deane Smith and Partners JACKSON Jimmy Kimmell John Legend Justin Timberlake La La Land Mississippi Moonlight Nashville NEWS sting Todd Smith Previous: C Spire to hold tech event in Oxford Next: JOSH MABUS — A dancing baby started it all About For the MBJ More Stories Like This Hall chosen as new Mississippi corrections commissioner March 6, 2017 Losses for banks pull US stocks further from record highs March 6, 2017 Kemper plant forces Moody’s downgrade March 6, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Government/Politics Hall chosen as new Mississippi corrections commissioner March 6, 2017 Mississippi statues at US Capitol up for discussion March 6, 2017 Analysis: Mississippi legislators love to try to micromanage March 5, 2017 BILL CRAWFORD: Concentrated power on rise in Mississippi Legislature March 5, 2017 Fantasy sports bill approved, could mean small revenue bump March 3, 2017 Book Biz JACK WEATHERLY — Mississippi Book Festival spills over in its second year August 25, 2016 BOOK BIZ: Jessica Chambers slaying inspires newest Ace Atkins novel July 21, 2016 JACK WEATHERLY: A British writer cottons to Mississippi, and vice versa June 9, 2016 BOOK BIZ — An arresting memoir about childhood, illness and loneliness March 24, 2016 Book Biz: An Irish story, coming of age in America March 18, 2016 Money Losses for banks pull US stocks further from record highs March 6, 2017 Pension system could offer higher pay as it seeks director March 3, 2017 US stock indexes are off to a mixed start March 3, 2017 US stock indexes mixed in early trading; Oil falls March 2, 2017 Stocks rise sharply, Dow over 21,000 March 1, 2017 Leaders in Finance 2016 magazine Independent Insurance Agencies List 2016 list of largest independent insurance agencies operating in Mississippi. Agencies are ranked by number of licensed agents in Mississippi. Stroke Care Centers List 2016 directory of Stroke Care Centers, ranked by Level 1, 2 or 3. Mississippi Foundations List 2016 list of the 60 largest foundations in Mississippi, according to data from 2011-2014, the latest figures available as gathered by the Mississippi Association of Grantmakers. Mississippi Business Journal Staff | About MBJ Privacy Policy | Subscriber Agreement Get Reprints & Article Rights Advertise Online & in Print Manage Your Account Manage subscriptions Reset a lost or forgotten password Subscribe to the MBJ now! Subscribe Me Topics Agribusiness Architecture & Engineering Arts & Entertainment Banking & Finance Dining Economic Development Education Energy Environmental Business Gaming Govt/Politics Health Insurance Law & Accounting Manufacturing Money Nonprofit Public/Private Companies Real Estate & Construction Small Business Sports Technology Tourism Transportation Women & Minorities Contact Us Mississippi Business Journal 200 N. Congress Street, Suite 400 Jackson, MS 39201 Main line: (601) 364-1000 Copyright 2017 Mississippi Business Journal            
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us BREAKING NEWS Chain Controls and Winter Driving Alerts Full Story Email share share tweet email FRESNO Police look for man who stole money from Walmart register Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc30.com/video/embed/?pid=1780936" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Police need your help finding a man who, they believe, ripped off a Walmart in Southeast Fresno. (KFSN) KFSN Thursday, March 02, 2017 06:47AM FRESNO, California (KFSN) -- Police need your help finding a man who, they believe, ripped off a Walmart in Southeast Fresno. Officers say the man, seen in a surveillance photo, was making a purchase in a checkout line when he noticed a slightly open cash drawer in the line next to him. Investigators say he reached over and grabbed a large sum of cash without anyone noticing. They believe the suspect is a regular customer at this store and likely lives in the area. Related Topics: newstheftrobberyfresnoFresno - Southeast Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KFSN-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. FRESNO Fresno police hunting for suspect that fired gun at officer Man enlists flash mob for River Park proposal Local Islamic leader says revised travel ban will fuel extremism Kids Day founder elated as Valley Children's fundraiser enters 30th year Dark history, even murder, may haunt Valentine's Day murder suspect More fresno NEWS House Republicans unveil Obamacare replacement plan US setting up missile defense system in South Korea Exxon announces expansion program, Trump takes credit 'Sanctuary state' bill would change how ICE operations conducted across CA Trump says Planned Parenthood can keep funding if it cuts abortions More News Top Stories Police searching for suspect after 16-year-old shot in Southwest Fresno House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 'Sanctuary state' bill would change how ICE operations conducted across CA Local Islamic leader says revised travel ban will fuel extremism Fresno police hunting for suspect that fired gun at officer Judge sentences Hanford woman to prison for death of 2-year-old niece 20-year-old killed by fallen tree at Yosemite identified as contract employee Show More Dark history, even murder, may haunt Valentine's Day murder suspect Authorities release details of deadly officer-involved shooting near Tachi Palace Gas line ruptures while county crews clean up homeless encampment Woman killed after allegedly being stabbed by great-grandson in Fresno County Woman dead after tree falls at Yosemite National Park, authorities say More News Top Video Fresno police hunting for suspect that fired gun at officer Local Islamic leader says revised travel ban will fuel extremism 20-year-old killed by fallen tree at Yosemite identified as contract employee Dark history, even murder, may haunt Valentine's Day murder suspect More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories Video Photos U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Fresno CountyNorth ValleySouth ValleyFoothills-Sierra Categories U.S. & World California Politics Entertainment Sports Consumer Watch Safe from Scams Health Watch Education Watch Ag Watch Business #abc30insider Station Info Community TV Listings Contact and Information uReport Meet the News Team Jobs Shows ABC30 Live Newscasts Valley Focus Latino Life Maddy Report Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KFSN-TV Fresno
just-style home News & insights News US Q4 in brief – Sequential Brands, Stage Stores, Burlington Stores By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 3 March 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent fourth-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Abercrombie & Fitch booked results that missed expectations, while Croc's narrowed its losses. VF Corporation, meanwhile, revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the quarter, while Kate Spade says it is exploring its options as it revealed higher sales and earnings. Sequential Brands Brand management company Sequential Brands narrowed its losses to US$980,000 in the fourth quarter, from $5.7m in the same period last year. Revenue for the three months to 31 December increased 44% to $45.4m, compared to $31.4m in the year-ago period. For the year ending 31 December, 2017, the company is expecting $170m to $175m in revenue. CEO Yehuda Shmidman said: "Looking ahead, despite a challenging macro retail environment, we will remain focused on growing our core business and maximising operating efficiencies, inclusive of new revenue initiatives already underway." Stage Stores Stage Stores moved to a loss in the fourth quarter and revealed a drop in sales. For the quarter ended 28 January, net loss was US$6.8m versus a profit of $21m last year. Net sales fell 9.6% to $454.4m, compared to $502.6m in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were down 8.5%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "Our fourth-quarter adjusted earnings reflect continued challenges in our oil impacted and border states, as well as the overall soft retail environment. Weak traffic led to heightened promotional activity and gross margin pressure in the quarter, yet we are pleased to end 2016 with inventory levels that are 6% lower than last year. In addition, our direct-to-consumer business grew at a double digit rate as we enhanced our customers' online experience."   Burlington Stores Burlington Stores saw both earnings and revenue incense in the fourth quarter, booking a 27.1% rise in net income from US$98.8m to $125.6m in the year ago period. Gross margin expanded 80 basis points to 41.8%, driven by improved shortage results. Net sales were up 9.4%, or $144.9m, to $1.7bn from $1.5bn thanks to a 4.6% increase in comparable store sales and $82.1m in sales from new and non-comparable stores. For the full year, the company expects sales to increase in the range of 7.5% to 8.5%, and comparable sales to be up 2% to 3%. Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Abercrombie & Fitch said its fourth-quarter results did not meet expectations, despite 2016 being a year of "significant progress" on each of its strategic priorities. Earnings were down 15.4% to US$48.8m, while gross margin narrowed 90 basis points to 59.3%. Net sales fell 7% to $1.04bn, with comparable sales for the quarter down 5%. The Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 13% to $442.4m, while Hollister sales were down 2% to $594m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 8% to $688.2m in the US, and 5% to $348.2m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "We continued to proactively respond to the evolving retail landscape through our store closure and channel optimisation initiatives. While the environment is likely to remain challenging in 2017, we have a strong balance sheet and continue to aggressively manage costs … to position our business for sustainable growth." Croc's US footwear firm Crocs  booked revenue in-line with guidance at US$187.4m from $208.7m a year earlier. On a constant-currency basis, revenues fell 10.5%. The company reported a net loss of $40.6m, compared to a loss of $70.2m in the year ago period. CEO Gregg Ribatt said: "Our fourth quarter revenues were in line with our expectations while our adjusted gross margin rate improved by approximately 550 basis points versus prior year. This gross margin gain was less than previously anticipated due to currency and channel mix fluctuations and also to certain one-time events, however we are still on track to achieve our medium-term target for gross margins in the low 50% range." Crocs also revealed Ribbatt will step down as CEO but continue in his board role. Andrew Rees, who joined the company in June 2014 as president, will be promoted to president and CEO, effective 1 June. The company will also close aroundd 160 stores by the end of 2018, reducing its total store count from 558 to around 400.  American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a decline in both earnings and revenue for the fourth quarter, with net income slipping 33.1% to US$54.6m from $81.7m in the year ago period. Gross margin increased 30 basis points to 35.4%, compared to 35.1% last year. Total revenues decreased 1% to $1.1bn from $1.11bn in the same period last year. Consolidated comparable sales were up slightly, following a 4% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "We've made great progress, yet we have much more opportunity across the marketplace. I'm confident that the strength of our brands and focused priorities will enable us to deliver long-term returns to our shareholders." Ross Stores Ross Stores booked fourth-quarter earnings and sales that beat company expectations. Net profit grew 13.8% to US$300.6m from $264.2m last year, while total sales rose 8% to $3.5bn. Comparable store sales were up 4% versus a 4% gain in the prior year. CEO Barbara Rentler noted: "We are very pleased with our better-than-expected sales and earnings results for the fourth quarter and fiscal year, especially given our strong multi-year comparisons and the highly competitive and promotional holiday season. Our results continued to benefit from our ability to offer customers great values on a wide assortment of gifts and fashions for the family and the home."For the year ending 3 February, 2018, the company has forecast EPS in the range of $3.02 to $3.15, up 7% to 11% from $2.83 in fiscal 2016. Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it is pleased with the momentum in its core business after delivering what it called "solid" earnings results in the fourth quarter. For the three months ended 31 December, earnings climbed 11.5% to US$28.7m from $25.7m last year. However, the company said overall sales declined "modestly" due primarily to softness in its private label footwear and cold weather accessories businesses. Sales were down 2.3% in the period to $336.4m, compared to $344.3m last year. Gross margin expanded 260 basis points to 38.7% as compared to 36.1%. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said while the company is cautious about the overall environment, it is confident it can drive top and bottom line growth in 2017 and beyond. Target Corp US retail group Target has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its fourth-quarter on the back on soft store traffic declines and what it calls rapidly-changing consumerbehaviour. For the three months ended 28 January, net earnings tumbled 42.7% from US$1.4bn to $817m. Sales dropped 4.3% to $20.7bn from $21.6bn, reflecting a 1.5% decline in comparable sales combined with the removal of pharmacy and clinic sales from this year's results. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 34% and contributing 1.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 26.9%, compared with 27.9% in the year ago period. The retailer said it will reveal a new financial model later today, designed to position Target for long-term, sustainable growth in "this new era in retail".  "Our fourth quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly-changing consumer behaviour, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores," said Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target. Foot Locker, Inc US footwear retailer Foot Locker has generated what it says is its seventh consecutive year of "meaningful" sales and profit growth as it revealed higher earnings in its fourth-quarter to US$189m from $158m a year earlier. Gross margin improved to 33.7% of sales from 33.6% a year ago, while total sales climbed 5.3% to $2.11bn. Comparable store sales increased 5%. CEO Richard Johnson, said: "Generating our seventh consecutive year of meaningful sales and profit growth is a strong testament to Foot Locker's solid position at the centre of sneaker culture. Due in part to the change in the cadence of income tax refund check distribution, we are facing a challenging retail sales environment as we enter 2017; however, we believe the strategic initiatives we have in place, coupled with our strong vendor relationships, will enable us to deliver another year of record performance." Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked fourth-quarter earnings that exceeded expectations, reflecting what it calls "continuous improvements" to its operating model. For the period ended 28 January, net earnings were up 11.7% to US$201m, from $180m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.4% to $4.2bn compared to $4.1bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.9%. Gross margin, meanwhile, improved 112 basis points, reflecting strong inventory execution in addition to reduced competitive markdowns. For the full year, the company reached record sales of $14.5bn, up from $14.1bn last year. Carter's, Inc Carter's has had what it says was a "strong finish to another record year" as it revealed higher sales and earnings in its fourth-quarter. Net income was up 20% to US$87.1m, while operating margin improved 150 basis points to 14.9%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 7.8% to reach $67.7m, thanks to revenue growth in nearly every business segment. CEO Michael Casey, said: "Our focus on providing the best value and experience in young children's apparel, extending the reach of our brands, and improving profitability enabled us to achieve our 28th consecutive year of sales growth, improve our profit margins, and increase the return of capital to shareholders. We are forecasting good growth in sales and earnings in 2017." Kohl's Department store retailer Kohl's has posted what it says are "weak" sales results for the fourth quarter, driven by declines in brick and mortar traffic. For the three months ended 28 January, net sales dropped 2.8% to US$6.21bn from $6.39bn in the year-ago period. Net profit was also down, falling 15% to $252m, compared to $296 last year. Gross margin was flat at 33.4%. CEO Kevin Mansell, said: "Sales results were weak for the quarter in total, driven by declines in brick and mortar traffic, and offset somewhat by strength in online demand. We saw improvement in merchandise margin, and our team continued to manage inventory and expenses extremely well. In 2017, we will accelerate our focus on becoming the destination for active and wellness with the launch of Under Armour in early March. We will also extend our efforts on improving our speed to market across all of our proprietary brands into all apparel areas and home." L Brands L Brands booked a mixed fourth-quarter as sales climbed but earnings fell, albeit only slightly. For the three months ended 28 January, the owner of Victoria's Secret said net income fell 0.7% to US$631.7m from $636.0m a year ago. Meanwhile, the company reported net sales of $4.5bn, an increase of 2% compared to sales of $4.4bn for the year ago period. Comparable sales were flat for the period. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 2 percentage points and 4 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company said it expects first-quarter earnings per share to be $0.20 to $0.25, and $3.05 to $3.35 for 2017 full-year earnings. Iconix Brand Group Brand management company Iconix Brand Group booked a loss of approximately US$297.5m in its fourth-quarter, compared to a loss of around $263.0m a year earlier. Licensing sales fell 8% to $87.1m Revenue in the prior year's fourth quarter included approximately $1.3m of licensing revenue from the Badgley Mischka brand, Iconix said, for which there was no comparable revenue this year, due to its sale in the first quarter. The company also made an operating loss of around $385.8m, as compared to a loss of $398.2m in the year ago period. CEO John Haugh said: "2016 was a year of transition for Iconix. Our operating performance was in-line with our guidance. I believe the changes we have made over the past year provide a strong foundation to drive long term growth and shareholder value."  Chico's FAS, Inc Chico's says it is "extremely pleased" with its fourth-quarter results as it moved to a profit thanks to gross margin expansion and execution of its strategic initiatives. Earnings amounted to US$13.5m from a loss of $21.1m a year earlier, while gross margin expanded to 35.5% from 34.4%. Sales, meanwhile, dropped 4.9% to $600.8m as a result of the sale of the firm's Boston Proper direct-to-consumer business last year. Excluding this, sales dropped 2.3%, primarily reflecting a decline in comparable sales of 2.5%, comprised of reduced transaction count and an increase in average dollar sale. TJX Companies TJX Companies revealed an "above-plan" fourth-quarter, booking increases in both sales and earnings. For the 13 weeks ended 28 January, net income grew1.7% to US$678m from $666m in the year ago period. Gross profit margin was down 0.4 percentage points to 28.3%, versus the prior year. Net sales were up 6% to $9.5bn, compared to $9bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 3%. CEO and president Ernie Herrman said: "The year 2016 was another terrific year for TJX on top of many great years. We were proud to mark our 40-year milestone as a company and surpass $33bn in sales." Wolverine Worldwide US clothing and footwear business Wolverine Worldwide has reported a net loss of $2.4m in the fourth quarter, compared to earnings of $11.9m last year. For the period ended 31 December, the company booked a drop in sales, with reported revenue falling 2.9% to US$729.6m compared to the year ago period. Reported gross margin widened slightly to 36.6% from 36.2% in the prior year, and 37.7% on a constant currency basis, an increase of 110 basis points versus the prior year. Reported diluted earnings per share were $0.89, compared to $1.20 in year ago period. CEO Blake Krueger said the company is "well positioned going into 2017 to deliver stronger earnings and perform in what we believe will be a consumer and retail environment that we refer to internally as the 'new normal.'"  Dillard's, Inc Dillards has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its fourth-quarter on the back on mall traffic declines from continued retail industry challenges. "In response, we are ramping up our efforts to bring more distinctive brand and service experiences to Dillard's, both in-store and online," said CEO William Dillard. Earnings fell to US$56.9m from $84m a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations narrowed 73 basis points. Net sales dropped to $1.94bn from $2.07bn last year. Macy's Department store retailer Macy's saw both earnings and sales fall in its fourth-quarter, and said it expects total sales to be down between 3.2%-4.3% in fiscal 2017, reflecting the 66 stores closed in 2016. Net income fell 12.7% to US$475m from $544m in the year ago period. Gross margin widened slightly to 38.8% from 37.4%, while net sales totalled $8.5bn, a drop of 4.5% on last year. Comparable sales on an owned plus licensed basis were down 2.1% in the quarter. Macy's also revealed its previously announced CEO transition will take place on 23 March. Jeff Gennette, currently president of Macy's, will assume the CEO role and Terry Lundgren will continue as executive chairman of the company. Walmart, Inc US retail giant Walmart has booked a drop in fourth-quarter earnings, weighed down by a drop in sales in its international division and heavy investment in its both its store and e-commerce operations. Net profit fell 17.9% to US$3.76bn, while total sales edged up 1% to $130.9bn. Comparable sales were up for the tenth consecutive quarter, at 1.8%. Wal-Mart's online sales also accelerated, boosted by its acquisition of Jet.com, with US digital sales jumping 29%. Domestic sales were up 2.8% to $83.7bn, while international sales fell 5.1% to $31bn. Sam's Club sales were up 3% to $14.98bn. "We're moving with speed to become more of a digital enterprise and better serve customers," says CEO Doug McMillon. "We had a very solid fourth-quarter. Our international business is consistently delivering solid sales growth in constant currency, and Sam's Club posted its best comp sales growth of the year." VF Corporation US apparel giant VF Corporation revealed a fall in both sales and earnings for the fourth quarter and fiscal 2016. Net income fell 15% to US$264.3m in the three months to December, from $312.2m the year before. As a result of the sale of its Contemporary Brands businesses, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $98m in 2016, which also includes the operating results of the businesses, net of tax. Gross margin improved 90 basis points to a record 49.1% on a reported basis, while total revenues were relatively flat at $3.32 from $3.33. Brand revenue at Vans was up 14% and by 4% at Timberland, but fell 8% at The North Face. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade says it is exploring and evaluating "strategic alternatives to further enhance shareholder value" as it revealed higher fourth-quarter earnings and sales. Net earnings reached US$87m in the three months to the end of December from $62m a year earlier. Gross margin, however, narrowed to 59.2% from 60.2%, while net sales were up 9.8% to $471m. Direct-to-consumer comparable sales growth reached 9.3%. For the full year, earnings jumped to $153.6m from $17.1m, while net sales climbed 11.2% to $1.38bn. Rocky Brands Rocky Brands has moved to a loss in both its fourth-quarter and full-year, after incurring non-cash impairment charges. Despite this, CEO Mike Brooks said he is "confident" the changes to the company's operating strategies and leadership team has made it a stronger organisation that will return greater value to its shareholders over the long-term. For the three months ended 31 December, Rocky Brands reported a net loss of US$0.6m from earnings of $1.4m in the year ago period. Excluding charges, the company recorded earnings of $1.3m. Sales, meanwhile, increased 2.6% to $67m. Wholesale sales declined 8.9% to $42.4m, while retail sales edged up to $13.7m from $13.5m. Gross margin dropped 140 basis points to 32.5%. For the full year, net losses amounted to $2.1m from earnings of $6.6m in 2015. Excluding charges, the company made earnings of $0.6m. Sales decreased 3.4% to $260.3m. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase slightly in the fourth quarter, up 1% to US$1.29bn from $1.28bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 27 November, net income slipped to $96m, down 5% from $101m last year. The decline reflected investments associated with the expansion of company-operated stores network and e-commerce, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 50.7% from 51.2%. In Europe, net revenues were up 13%, while in both the Americas and Asia net revenues declined 1%. "We are pleased to report our fourth consecutive year of profitable constant currency revenue growth behind the strength of the Levi's brand and our global direct-to-consumer business," said Chip Bergh, president CEO. "Looking ahead, although it remains a very challenging environment, given our diversified portfolio we remain optimistic about our long term prospects for growth." Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record four-quarter net sales of US$717.4m, a 3% increase compared with net sales of $699.4m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 34% to $84.7m from $63.4m in the year ago period. For the full year, Columbia also booked record sales and earnings, with net sales up 2% to $2.38bn and net income reaching $191.9m, a 10% increase on fiscal 2015. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 4%, and net income of between $192m and $200m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "We are very proud of our fourth quarter and full year 2016 performance against a challenging backdrop in many of our largest markets. Record net sales, record gross margins, record operating income, expanded operating margin, and record net income reflect our powerful brand portfolio, robust operational platforms and disciplined prioritisation of investments." Skechers  Despite achieving new fourth-quarter and full-year net sales records, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip by more than three quarters in the three months ended 31 December. Sales in the quarter were up 5.8% to US$764.3m on last year, but the company reported an earnings decline of 77.4% to $6.7m. For the full year, net sales increased 13.2% to $3.56bn on last year, while earnings reached $243.5m, compared to $231.9m at the end of 2015. For the first quarter of 2017, the company expects net sales in the range of $1.05bn to $1.08bn. Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters has delivered "record" fourth-quarter sales, growing 2% to US$1.03bn. However total comparable sales were flat, but were up 2% at the Urban Outfitters brand and 1.2% at Free People. Comparable sales decreased 2.9% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by lower retail store comparable net sales. For the year ended 31 January, 2017, total company net sales increased to $3.5bn or 3% over the prior year. Comparable sales increased 1%. Tweet Dassault Systemes develops new 3D industry solutions PREVIOUS TexTempo curating technology for supply chain speed NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Companies: Abercrombie & Fitch Co, American Eagle Outfitters, Chico’s FAS, Columbia Sportswear Company, Crocs Inc, Foot Locker Inc, Iconix Brand Group Inc, Kate Spade & Co, Kohl’s Corporation, Macy’s Inc, Nordstrom Inc, Rocky Brands Inc, Ross Stores Inc, Sequential Brands Group, Skechers USA Inc, Stage Stores Inc, Steven Madden, Target Corporation, Timberland Company, TJX Companies Inc, Under Armour Inc, Urban Outfitters Inc, VF Corporation, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Wolverine World Wide Inc Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW NEWS American Eagle Outfitters outlines 2017 growth plans US apparel retailer American Eagle Outfitters has revealed plans for new-look stores, designed to highlight its "leading" jeans business, alongside plans to grow its Aerie lingerie brand. ... RESEARCH Winter Wear Market in Europe 2016-2020 About Winter Wear in Europe Product sales in this particular market depends on seasons, and is driven by the climatic conditions of a region. Winter seasons that are relatively warmer can hamper the... NEWS US Q3 in brief – The Finish Line, Destination Maternity, Cherokee, Sears In the most recent third-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Sears Holdings remained optimistic despite widening its net losses, while Vince Holding blamed challenging c... Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights Bangladesh apparel sector faces up to challenges Three key trends facing global economy in 2017 Wage abuses can’t be eliminated by software and PR Gap working to rebuild and gain market share China leads US apparel sources with falling prices News H&M Myanmar supplier closes amid staff conflict Fast Retailing reveals core Uniqlo factory list Cambodia factory survey finds ongoing concerns US Q4 in brief – Sequential Brands, Stage Stores American Eagle Outfitters reveals 2017 agenda Market research Southeast Asia strategic sourcing review – a focus on Cambodia, Vietnam and Myanmar When Things Go Wrong - A Practical Guide to Managing Common Problems in Apparel Sourcing Outdoor performance apparel 2016: A broader perspective Africa-Med strategic sourcing review – comparing East Africa, North Africa and Turkey Global market review of lingerie – forecasts to 2022 Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc Nike Inc Gap Inc VF Corporation Wal-Mart Stores Inc Adidas Group Inditex SA Primark C&A Target Corporation Under Armour Inc JC Penney Company Inc Zara Levi Strauss & Co Tesco Plc Lectra PVH Corporation Uniqlo Gildan Activewear Inc All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
Toggle Close Equipment Hot List Clubs Balls Bags Shoe Guide What's in my bag? Best Clubfitters Instruction Swing Sequences Driving Tips Putting Tips Short Game Approach Shots Beginners Video How To's Courses Destinations Best Golf Courses Following Through News & Tours PGA Tour: Scores & Stats Rankings The Loop News & Tours Gear & Equipment Style Celebrity Instruction Health & Fitness Courses & Travel My Usual Game Golf & Business The Grind Video Hot List Best In Golf Submit Golf World In The Magazine Following Through Newsletter Sign-up 30 Days To Better Golf Golf Digest Handicap Golf Digest Stix Promotions Follow Subscribe Subscribe Equipment Instruction Courses Hot List Video Etiquette Guide Follow Us SubscribeSubscribe Trump Protest group surpasses 100K signatures to move 2017 U.S. Women's Open from Trump Bedminster 7 hours ago U.S. Open Here are the sectional qualifying sites for the 2017 U.S. Open at Erin Hills 10 hours ago Podcast Golf Digest Podcast: David Feherty on Phil Mickelson's brain, Spring Break trips he can't remember and the infamous "Fartgate" with Tiger Woods 12 hours ago Golf WorldMarch 2, 2017 Michelle Wie is leading her first tournament since 2014 By  Keely Levins Share this story: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Andrew Redington Michelle Wie is out in front the HSBC Women’s Champions, the first time she has led a tournament since the Walmart LPGA Classic in 2014, the same the year of her last win, the U.S. Women’s Open at Pinehurst. Wie made eight birdies and two bogeys to shoot a six-under 66 in the opening round at Sentosa G.C.’s Tanjong course in Singapore. It is, however, by no means a comfortable lead. She holds a one shot edge over five players—Mo Martin, Anna Nordqvist, Brooke Henderson, Ariya Jutanugarn and Inbee Park—all major championship winners. Regardless of the size of the lead, this is a step in the right direction for Wie. Wie has played 59 events without a win and has finished in the top 10 only once since the beginning of 2015. Part of the issue has been the number of injuries Wie has struggled with over the last few years: neck spasms, a bone bruise in her right index finger, injuries to her left hip, knee and ankle. But she says she’s finally feeling healthy. “It feels good to play without much pain,” Wie said, “to go out there and just play some golf and focus on my game rather than trying to finish out rounds. I’m very proud of myself today.” This is Wie’s second tournament putting with her new claw grip, and it seems to be working. Wie had 29 putts during the first round. Probably her most impressive stat, however, is the 17 greens she hit. RELATED: Michelle Wie searches Google to learn about the claw grip That’s the type of play it takes to hold off the players trailing so closely. Take a look at the six players in final two groups in the Friday round—combined, those women have 36 wins. Wie is, understandably, excited with her start. But she’s also approaching the upcoming rounds methodically. “Even though it’s just the first day I want to just keep building,” Wie said, “and hopefully the next three days I can take it day by day, hole-by-hole, shot by shot and play as hard as I can.” WATCH: GOLF DIGEST VIDEOS Facebook Twitter More from The Loop Fake News 12 hours ago The Onion’s fake news on Tiger Woods in 2014 rings true in 2017 Social Media 12 hours ago The Week In Instagrams: 03-06-2017 Arnold Palmer Invitational 17 hours ago As the Arnold Palmer Invitational prepares for life after Arnie, the question of player support lingers How She Hit That 17 hours ago You don't have to be a mega-athlete to putt like Inbee Park Viral Videos 17 hours ago Watch a giant gator carry a big fish in its mouth across a Florida golf course I Think, I Saw, I Heard 18 hours ago What's different about this Michelle Wie comeback, the crowds in Mexico, and the elite club already adopting the new Rules of Golf Rules 18 hours ago We asked for your reactions to the new rules of golf. Here are the results Gambling 18 hours ago Vegas makes Dustin Johnson a (slight) Masters favorite following his WGC-Mexico Championship win Missing Links 20 hours ago The road to the Masters has become 'golf's version of March Madness' Dew Sweeper a day ago Things you missed this weekend: DJ wins, Wie rejuvenated and an icon dies from ALS Remembrance March 5, 2017 Ken Bowden, influential golf writer, former Golf Digest editor and noted Jack Nicklaus collaborator, dies at 86 Show More Accessibility Help Subscription Subscribe Manage Subscription Give a Gift International Subscription Resources Contact Us Accessibility Help Reprints/Permissions Golf Digest Media Kit Golf World Media Kit Site Map Products & Services Golf Digest Shop Golf Digest Perks Golf Digest Tournament Shop Hole-In-One Golf Digest Planner Golf World Boardroom Golf Digest Insiders Condé Nast Condé Nast Digital Allure Ars Technica Backchannel Bon Appétit Brides Condé Nast Traveler Epicurious Glamour Golf Digest Golf World GQ GQ Style Pitchfork Self Style Teen Vogue The New Yorker The Scene Vanity Fair Vogue W Wired Condé Nast Collection Careers Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/2014). Golf Digest  may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. Your California Privacy Rights  The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. ©2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Related The LoopMichelle Wie takes full swings for the first time s… The LoopWhat's different about this Michelle Wie comeba… The LoopMichelle Wie needs to work on her victory celebrati…
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Judge denies bail for former Wal-Mart market employee accused of stabbing boss Former Wal-Mart employee accused of stabbing boss has first appearance Caswayne Williams, 23, was arrested Wednesday on a first-degree murder charge, jail records show. Deputies said Williams confronted his former boss, 25-year-old Davon Brown, just before 9 a.m. Wednesday at the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market on Lee Road, west of Interstate 4. Caswayne Williams, 23, was arrested Wednesday on a first-degree murder charge, jail records show. Deputies said Williams confronted his former boss, 25-year-old Davon Brown, just before 9 a.m. Wednesday at the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market on Lee Road, west of Interstate 4. Stephanie Allen Contact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy New documents released by law enforcement Thursday may offer clues to a motive in a fatal grocery store stabbing Wednesday. Caswayne Williams had recently been fired from the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market where he showed up Wednesday morning with a knife, according to the sheriff’s office. Surveillance video showed Williams, 23, riding a bicycle up to the store’s gas station on Lee Road, west of Interstate 4, just before 9 a.m., according to an arrest report. He is seen walking inside and waiting until his former supervisor, Davon Brown, 25, gets behind the front counter, the report states. Deputies said the video then shows Williams attacking Brown from behind. Brown fell to the ground and was stabbed several times, but managed to get up and run outside, the report states. He made it the sidewalk just outside the doors, while Williams continued to stab him, deputies said. Witnesses found him moments later, lying barely conscious on the cement, repeating the name “Caswayne,” according to the report. A store manager told Orange County sheriff’s detectives that he recently fired Williams “for making racial, sexual orientation and derogatory remarks,” toward Brown, the report states. A judge Thursday morning ordered Williams be held in jail without bail on a charge of first-degree murder. Williams stood with a court-appointed lawyer during the hearing and stared blankly ahead as Judge Adam McGinnis read him the charge. He kept quiet, responding with a short, “OK,” when McGinnis denied him bail. A corrections officer then led him out of the jailhouse courtroom. Deputies said Williams fled from the gas station after the incident, but was spotted about an hour and a half later, less than one mile away near Fairbanks Avenue and Wymore Road. Brown was rushed to Florida Hospital Orlando, where an emergency room doctor pronounced him dead. A Wal-Mart spokesperson called the incident senseless.  “Right now, our thoughts and prayers are with the family of our associate,” Ragan Dickens said. “We will continue to work with law enforcement throughout this investigation.” Court records show Williams doesn’t have any previous arrests in Orange County. He is being held in the Orange County Jail. sallen@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5417 Caption 911 audio details how a student threatened to hurt himself at Seminole State 911 audio details how the Seminole State College Sanford/Lake Mary campus was locked down after a student threatened to harm himself with a weapon. 911 audio details how the Seminole State College Sanford/Lake Mary campus was locked down after a student threatened to harm himself with a weapon. Caption 911 audio details how a student threatened to hurt himself at Seminole State 911 audio details how the Seminole State College Sanford/Lake Mary campus was locked down after a student threatened to harm himself with a weapon. 911 audio details how the Seminole State College Sanford/Lake Mary campus was locked down after a student threatened to harm himself with a weapon. Caption Push to restore felons voting rights reaches state Supreme Court - Orlando News Now Grayson introduced an unsuccessful U.S. House bill last year that would have automatically restored ex-felons’ voting rights, calling it the “civil rights cause of the 21stcentury.” Grayson introduced an unsuccessful U.S. House bill last year that would have automatically restored ex-felons’ voting rights, calling it the “civil rights cause of the 21stcentury.” Caption Two dead in Orlando home: 911 caller says father killed mother and brother - Orlando News Now The home is in the 5800 block of Lake Champlain Drive off Lee Vista Boulevard, which neighbors describe as “family-friendly.” It sits just northeast of Orlando International Airport and less than a quarter of a mile from Vista Lakes Elementary School. The home is in the 5800 block of Lake Champlain Drive off Lee Vista Boulevard, which neighbors describe as “family-friendly.” It sits just northeast of Orlando International Airport and less than a quarter of a mile from Vista Lakes Elementary School. Caption Deputy recovering after shooting Sgt. Rick Stelter, the Orange County deputy who was shot by a convicted felon, was released from the hospital Wednesday. (Video from Fox 35 Orlando) Sgt. Rick Stelter, the Orange County deputy who was shot by a convicted felon, was released from the hospital Wednesday. (Video from Fox 35 Orlando) Caption Rollins fraternity member attacked A Rollins College student accused three students from another fraternity of attacking him and ransacking his off-campus apartment. (Video from Fox 35 Orlando) A Rollins College student accused three students from another fraternity of attacking him and ransacking his off-campus apartment. (Video from Fox 35 Orlando) Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Florida Hospital System All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 61°
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Football Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Girls Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Baseball Softball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Water Polo Girls Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Retailer buys closed Walmart store so it can expand into Michigan Print Email Paula Gardner | PaulaGardner@mlive.com By Paula Gardner | PaulaGardner@mlive.com MLive.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 02, 2017 at 7:04 AM, updated March 03, 2017 at 7:18 AM comments Submitting a lowball offer just might work when the seller once was known for its "Always Low Prices" slogan. At least that was the case for the sale of the closed Walmart in Hartland, one of two stores in Michigan that the massive retailer closed in early 2016. The store, located at US-23 and M-59 in Livingston County, was listed for $5.5 million. But an Illinois retailer ended up paying $4.175 million for the 176,000-square-foot building that was built on nearly 23 acres in 2009 - about 25 percent off of the listed price. Now that company is planning to open its second Rural King store in this state by mid-March. The store bills itself as "America's farm and home store." "We're excited to have something unique," said Hartland Township supervisor James Wickman. "... We think it will be quite a draw from a wider region." Rural King will occupy just over 100,000 square feet of the building, leaving 70,000 square feet for another tenant.  Rural King's only other Michigan store is in Niles, near the southwest border.  The chain was founded in Mattoon, Illinois, in 1960. Still family owned, it now operates 93 stores in 11 states.  "Our 93+ locations have an outstanding product mix with items such as livestock feed, farm equipment, agricultural parts, lawn mowers, workwear, fashion clothing, housewares and toys," according to its website. "You never know what you will find at your local Rural King and that's why every trip is an adventure." The store is known for providing free coffee and popcorn for customers.  While store representatives were not available for comment, Wickman said Rural King was hiring about 70 people for the Hartland store.  The chain has bought several other closed Walmart stores for its expansion. They include: Morganton, North Carolina; Kimball, West Virginia; Circleville, Ohio; Halls, Tennessee; and Logansport, Indiana. While store closings typically leave many questions for property owners and communities about how long they may be vacant, the situation in Hartland moved quickly once Walmart closed. "The commercial real estate market here has done fairly well, even through the recession," Wickman said. "We figured it was only a matter of time before a viable use was found. This is a beautiful building and a great location." The area includes a number of other big-box retailers, including Target and Meijer.  It's also attracting other new development, including a new Emagine Theater north of the new Rural King and across M-59. Information on the Rural King store opening was not available. A ribbon cutting is scheduled with the Hartland Area Chamber of Commerce on March 23. Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries More Michigan Business Michigan Automotive News and Reviews Michigan business press releases Search for jobs in Michigan Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Apache Co. (APA) Downgraded by Bank of America Corp Needham & Company LLC Reiterates Buy Rating for Pure Storage Inc (PSTG) Analysts’ Recent Ratings Changes for Reckitt Benckiser Group Plc (RB) Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) Downgraded by Raymond James Financial, Inc. Old National Bancorp (ONB) Cut to “Sell” at Zacks Investment Research Box Inc (BOX) PT Raised to $26.00 Cowen and Company Reiterates Buy Rating for Planet Fitness Inc (PLNT) Enerflex Ltd (EFX) Given Average Rating of “Buy” by Analysts Brokerages Set Etsy Inc (ETSY) PT at $15.20 Shutterstock Inc (SSTK) Receives Average Rating of “Hold” from Analysts Eni SpA (E) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” PROSIEBENSAT1 MED. (PBSFF) Receives Neutral Rating from DZ Bank AG Barclays PLC Lowers Agnico Eagle Mines Ltd (AEM) Price Target to $53.00 Davy Asset Management Ltd Has $3,612,000 Stake in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) Zurich Insurance Group Ltd FI Raises Position in TJX Companies, Inc. (The) (TJX) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Shares Sold by Guardian Capital LP BlackRock, Inc. (BLK) Shares Bought by Scotia Capital Inc. Scotia Capital Inc. Buys 360 Shares of Norfolk Souther Corporation (NSC) Managed Asset Portfolios LLC Raises Position in Novartis AG (NVS) Valero Energy Co. (VLO) Position Decreased by Public Sector Pension Investment Board Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness on Insider Selling March 2nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Investors purchased shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) on weakness during trading hours on Wednesday after an insider sold shares in the company. $213.07 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $145.77 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $67.30 million into the stock. Of all stocks tracked, Wal-Mart Stores had the 4th highest net in-flow for the day. Wal-Mart Stores traded down ($0.48) for the day and closed at $70.45Specifically, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 4,375,337 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.79, for a total transaction of $314,105,443.23. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $754,306,647.33. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through this hyperlink. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total value of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 8,075,030 shares of company stock valued at $580,327,618. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Several brokerages have commented on WMT. J P Morgan Chase & Co set a $68.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. TheStreet raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $74.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. RBC Capital Markets boosted their target price on Wal-Mart Stores from $66.00 to $67.00 and gave the stock an “underperform” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Bank of America Corp raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price objective for the company from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Six analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $74.60. The stock has a market cap of $215.93 billion, a P/E ratio of 16.08 and a beta of 0.09. The stock has a 50-day moving average price of $68.31 and a 200 day moving average price of $70.06. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 EPS for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The business had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the previous year, the firm earned $1.49 EPS. On average, equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.33 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a $0.51 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.90%. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 43.48%. A number of institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in WMT. State Street Corp boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.8% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 72,714,226 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $5,026,451,000 after buying an additional 2,011,829 shares during the period. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 4.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 41,912,723 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $3,022,746,000 after buying an additional 1,910,016 shares during the period. Bank of New York Mellon Corp boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 20,297,797 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,463,878,000 after buying an additional 348,391 shares during the period. BlackRock Fund Advisors boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 19,932,903 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,437,561,000 after buying an additional 623,646 shares during the period. Finally, Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 15,071,579 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,086,962,000 after buying an additional 179,166 shares during the period. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another domain, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of United States and international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/02/investors-buy-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-on-weakness-on-insider-selling.html. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyJobFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classified Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close 1 of 2 Buy Now Allison Carter Florence City workers surround a power pole Wednesday, March 1, 2017 in Florence, Ala. The power pole was leaning slightly due to an unsound foundation and storm winds. [ALLISON CARTER/TIMESDAILY] Buy Now MATT MCKEAN A woman covers her head as she walks to her car at Walmart through the rain Wednesday morning. [MATT MCKEAN/TIMESDAILY] spotlight Storm brings hail, warnings, but little damage By Bernie Delinski Staff Writer Mar 2, 2017 Updated Mar 2, 2017 0 Buy Now Allison Carter Florence City workers surround a power pole Wednesday, March 1, 2017 in Florence, Ala. The power pole was leaning slightly due to an unsound foundation and storm winds. [ALLISON CARTER/TIMESDAILY] Buy Now MATT MCKEAN A woman covers her head as she walks to her car at Walmart through the rain Wednesday morning. [MATT MCKEAN/TIMESDAILY] A storm system swept briskly through the Shoals on Wednesday, producing hail and prompting a tornado warning, but the area escaped fairly unscathed. Authorities received no injury or serious damage reports related to the storm that descended on northwest Alabama right around lunch time. "We got out of it great, considering the potential of what could have happened," Colbert County Emergency Management Agency Director Mike Melton said. "The only thing we had on the severe side was hail. It got up to a quarter size in the Colbert Heights and Leighton communities." Lauderdale County EMA Director George Grabryan said a utility pole in downtown Florence was knocked over, and there were reports of hail ranging in size from a quarter to a golf ball. "It certainly could have been worse," Grabryan said. Richard Morrissey, manager of the Florence Electricity Department, said a transmission pole blew over at Court and Pine streets, but no outages occurred. Lights blinked on and off as the storm pushed through the area. "The only real issue we had was the momentary blinks," Morrissey said. "We dodged another bullet." Melton said the highest wind gust in Colbert County only reached 33 mph. The National Weather Service office had cautioned about the possibility of gusts peaking at 60 to 70 mph. The storm system that brought the front had spawned deadly tornadoes in other parts of the country. "This whole system has caused people to lose their lives in other areas," Melton said. "We feel very fortunate." The Shoals area was put under severe thunderstorm warnings late Wednesday morning as the system started dropping in from the northwest. The storm warning increased to a tornado watch and ultimately to a tornado warning, particularly for eastern portions of Lauderdale and Colbert counties. The storm system left hail in its wake, prompting an activity of social media postings from local residents depicting hail in their yards. In some cases the hail was so abundant it resembled a blanket of snow. Killen resident Ricky Gallien said he was home when he heard the loud clanging of hailstones hitting his backyard deck. "I didn't know what was going on," Gallien said. "I had left my aluminum ladder on the deck, and it was making a loud noise. It was coming down hard. My dog took off to the basement just as fast as she could go." bernie.delinski@timesdaily.com or 256-740-5739. Twitter @TD_BDelinski Tags Hail Melton Grabryan × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Law and Order 3-7-17 Local briefs Noise ordinance could be revised Chamber letting fans vote on entertainment Mother/Daughter tea brings awareness to women's issues Healthy dining event set for March 21 Big Idea finale Thursday Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll Do you like President Trump’s scaled back travel ban? You voted: Yes: No: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Search Search News Homecoming Greek Week Sports Entertainment The Verge Opinions Editorials Columns To the Editor Online Features Multimedia Through the lens Live Classifieds Special Housing and Dining Guide Back to Campus About Staff Advertising Privacy Policy More » News Homecoming Greek Week Sports Entertainment The Verge Opinions Editorials Columns To the Editor Online Features Multimedia Through the lens Live Classifieds Special Housing and Dining Guide Back to Campus More » HERC teaches smart shopping skills Lee Mayhood, Contributing Writer March 1, 2017 Filed under News Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close Email This Story Send Email Cancel Eastern students can learn about smart shopping skills from the Health Education Resource Center’s Grocery Store Tours. The tours take place at the Charleston Wal-Mart and are led by a HERC staff member, who takes students around the store and teaches them about nutrition facts and how to spend on groceries. The beginning of the tour starts out in the fruit and vegetable aisle. Fliers will be handed out that explain what fruits and vegetables are in season and what produce is cheapest in each season. During the tour, groups will explore many different aisles around the store such as dairy, meat, grains and bread. The main focus of the tour is how to identify the most nutritious and cost-effective food items at Wal-Mart. Stephanie Mumby, the nutrition promotion coordinator at the HERC, hosted the tour for her first time Tuesday. Mumby said buying pre-made items is going to be more expensive than buying food to prepare at home, and instant meals are more expensive than food that takes time to prepare. During the tour, students will also learn about hidden ingredients in food and how to find them on the food item’s nutritional label. Mumby’s goal is to debunk nutritional myths and to make grocery shopping easy for the students at Eastern. “I want to show you that you can buy healthy food on a budget,” she said. Students can sign up for a tour at 7 p.m. Thursday, March 9 and 7 p.m. Thursday, April 13. Those interested must register before attending. More information is available at the Health Education Resource Center’s web page. Group sessions are also available. To book a tour, contact the nutrition promotion coordinator directly at herc-nutritioned@eiu.edu or call (217) 581-7786 to set up a date and time. Lee Mayhood can be reached at 581-2812 or lmmayhood@eiu.edu.   Tags: HERC, nutrition, Wal-Mart 1 Comment Melissa Mary I am 25 years. From few days I was feeling tension. I was looking for a product. So, I was finding some website but didn’t get it. At last I studied your website and get the shopping news of this product. It is 100% working. Now I am happy. I am fully satisfied of your website. Thanks a lot. Recent Posts Students voice ideas at forum March 6 Workgroup No.9 talks feedback, potential topics March 6 Faculty Senate reducing members March 6 Committee report opposing philosphy elimination March 6 Graduating shop for seniors Tuesday March 6 Gallery: Model Illinois government comes to Springfield March 6 Tough schedule continues for baseball March 6 No. 4 Jacksonville State wins OVC Tournament March 6 Recent Comments Doris Daze on New activities to come to EIU “Unofficial” Chris on New activities to come to EIU “Unofficial” Doris Daze on New activities to come to EIU “Unofficial” Melissa Mary on HERC teaches smart shopping skills Jeff on Guest Column: Testing Services Center should be restored Loading Recent Classifieds... News Students voice ideas at forum News Workgroup No.9 talks feedback, potential topics News Faculty Senate reducing members News Committee report opposing philosphy elimination News Graduating shop for seniors Tuesday News Entries now accepted for Edible Book Festival News Potential signature programs presented to Workgroup members News Volunteers ‘plunge’ for the Special Olympics News CUPB analyzes economic impact study News Nonprofit battles malnutrition in Zambia The Daily Eastern News The student news site of Eastern Illinois University in Charleston, Illinois. Search The Daily Eastern News • © 2017 • Privacy Policy • FLEX WordPress Theme by SNO • Log in Search Hang on for a minute...we're trying to find some more stories you might like. Close Email This Story Send Email Cancel HERC teaches smart shopping skills Search News Homecoming Greek Week Sports Entertainment The Verge Opinions Editorials Columns To the Editor Online Features Multimedia Through the lens Live Classifieds Special Housing and Dining Guide Back to Campus
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Staples to take over as SpartanNash CEO Mar 06, 2017 Kroger’s ID sales fall in Q4, ending 13-year streak Mar 02, 2017 Publix comps up 2.2% in Q4 Mar 01, 2017 Dollar Tree beats estimates on margin expansion Mar 01, 2017 Muted outlook for Kroger in Q4 Feb 27, 2017 Featured Gallery: Uncle Giuseppe’s highlights fresh Mar 03, 2017 How to entice Millennial meat eaters Mar 03, 2017 Hy-Vee transitions to fair trade tuna Mar 02, 2017 Viewpoint: Top 5 grocery trends for 2017 Mar 02, 2017 10 Items or Less brought to you by Top Retailers>Kroger A stumble at the fork in the road As Kroger’s streak ends, so too does an era Jon Springer | Mar 03, 2017 This post is part of the 10 Items or Less blog. Joe DiMaggio went hitless this week.  Were it any other retailer in America, a modest dip in quarterly same-store sales would hardly merit further examination but then again Kroger isn’t any other retailer. As we reported, the fourth quarter decline of 0.7% marked the first time in 52 quarters — 13 years — the Cincinnati retailer failed to grow non-fuel IDs in a quarter. Doubtlessly, Kroger’s streak will be as safe a record as DiMaggio’s 56-game hitting streak in the 1941 baseball season. DiMaggio blamed his streak-ending 0-for-3 in part on rain-soaked basepaths in Cleveland that cost him two close plays at first. Kroger’s fourth-quarter track was slowed by the muck of food deflation. But there’s also some evidence out there that what was an end of a streak for Kroger also coincides with an end of an era for food retail. Quite simply there are more retailers and more formats out there with the ability to execute than there used to be, and some of them suddenly are taking Kroger’s share. Kroger CEO Rodney McMullen acknowledged a change was in the offing late last year, telling investors at the retailer’s annual investor conference it had come to a “fork in the road” where it needed to re-examine competitive battle plans, although I should note he framed this as an opportunity for growth, and not as a threat to dominance. “Ten years ago, when we talked about competition, most of the conversation was around one competitor,” McMullen said, referring to Wal-Mart Stores, a company that Kroger managed to render into something of an ally for much of the last 13 years. Today, Kroger sees itself playing not just against Walmart or other supermarkets, but within a vast universe of restaurants, Internet retailers, hard discounters, convenience stores — the $1.5 trillion total food business. McMullen this week marveled at what he saw was the customer’s willingness to dine at a Kroger store. “We believe that that will be an opportunity to grow the business and create a new leg, a platform for growth,” he said. As for DiMaggio, he went out the next day in Cleveland and had two hits, starting a 16-game hitting streak. Walmart is no longer Kroger's only nemesis, officials say. Discounters Go Hollywood This month officially marks the first anniversary of the discount invasion of Southern California. Aldi last March barreled into the market with designs on 45 stores in its first year, although its website shows 34 presently. At the same time, Grocery Outlet moved South from its base in Emeryville, Calif. and today operates 20 stores in Los Angeles, Orange County and the Inland Empire. Market-share analysis indicates there’s still plenty of room for the discount channel to expand in the Western states, with the greatest population per 1,000 square feet of discount space in the country, a recent Barclays study said. For the West to reach the same level of discount penetration elsewhere in the country, capacity could increase by three times. And if capacity could reach the same level currently faced in the Midwest, discounters could grow by seven times. Moreover, Grocery Outlet pointed out, there’s a need for more affordable food there. The company is celebrating its anniversary with a charity food drive, which it said could help address and call attention to the 5.4 million Californians facing food insecurity. "This first year in Southern California has been marked by success and there is no better way to commemorate it than by helping families who struggle to access food on a daily basis," Brian Tademy, senior director of field marketing for Grocery Outlet, said in a statement. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Sponsored Content The Next Wave of Private LabelFeb 22, 2017 Checking Out AutismFeb 08, 2017 The 2017 Top 75 — Sales OverviewJan 20, 2017 2016 SN Top 75 U.S. and Canadian Food Retailers and WholesalersJan 14, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Paul Poplis/Getty Images Mrs. Fields Wouldn't Bite When a Rival Offered $50 Million in 2015 by Jef Feeley More stories by Jef Feeley and Craig Giammona @SitkaWriter More stories by Craig Giammona March 3, 2017, 1:31 PM EST March 3, 2017, 4:09 PM EST Interbake Foods sought to acquire retail sales, gifting units Offers made public in lawsuit over licensing-pact dispute Mrs. Fields Brands Inc. rejected a $50 million offer by rival Interbake Foods LLC to buy the cookie maker’s retail unit and some other business lines in 2015, a lawyer told a court Friday. Interbake, which makes Girl Scout cookies and store-brand treats for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and other retailers, originally offered $36 million in 2014 for the unit that sells Mrs. Fields cookies at grocery and convenience stores and upped its offer to $50 million a year later, Bijan Amini, a lawyer for Mrs. Fields, said Friday in a court hearing. Despite some recent struggles, Mrs. Fields may still be worth $50 million to a large food company because of its strong brand, said Darren Tristano, president of Chicago-based Technomic Inc., an industry research and consulting firm. "Knowing what we know, that number is reasonable," Tristano said in an interview Friday. Richmond, Virginia-based Interbake’s buyout offers were made public Thursday during arguments in a lawsuit filed by Mrs. Fields that claims its rival sabotaged a retail-licensing agreement between the two bakers after Interbake’s bids were rejected. Mrs. Fields, based in Bloomfield, Colorado, wants Delaware Chancery Court Judge Andre Bouchard to award as much as $28 million in damages for Interbake’s move to pull out of a five-year agreement to handle retail sales of cookies and brownies. ‘Cannibalize the Business’ Interbake should be punished for working to “wrongfully dismantle and cannibalize the business once it could not purchase it,” Mrs. Fields’ lawyers said in court filings. They also said in the filings the $50 million offer was for the company’s “branded retail and gifting business.” Geoff Wilson, a spokesman for Interbake’s parent George Weston Ltd., didn’t respond to calls seeking comment on the offers. Tom Ragones, a spokesman for Mrs. Fields parent Famous Brands International, declined in an e-mail to comment on them. While Mrs. Fields has name recognition, the brand wasn’t among the top 20 U.S. cookies during the past 12 months ending in September 2016, according to data from consumer research firm IRI. Global-snack giant Mondelez International Inc.’s Oreos and Chips Ahoy are the largest cookie brands in the $8 billion market. In the lawsuit, Mrs. Fields officials claim Interbake executives failed to live up to promises to hit retail-sales targets and of conspiring to steal its recipes and customers after its buyout offers were rejected. Its partner also shared Mrs. Fields’ confidential pricing and marketing information with Back to Nature Foods, a cookie maker owned by Mondelez and private-equity firm Brynwood Partners, according to court filings. Mrs. Fields accuses Interbake of plotting to replace its retail offerings with Back to Nature’s treats. “They were supposed to be marketing us and they gave our marketing information to a competitor,” Amini told the judge. Interbake countered in court filings that it walked away from the licensing agreement in April 2016 after discovering Mrs. Fields had misled it about retail-sales figures and failed to properly promote the brand. Interbake only shared “publicly available” marketing and pricing data with Back to Nature and never offered any of its partners’ recipes to the rival baker, Damon Leichty, one of Interbake’s lawyers, told Bouchard. The case is The Mrs. Fields Brands v. Interbake Foods LLC, CA12201, Delaware Chancery Court (Wilmington). Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Fitness Food Health Love Beauty Workout Finder Culture News Subscribe Subscribe Get 6 issues for just $5 Subscribe Subscribe Newsletter Wellness, Meet Inbox Sign up Now Subscribe Subscribe Culture|March 3, 2017| By  Sophie Hirsh 4 Badass Women in STEM Are Replacing the Brawny Man This Month The commemorative rolls are on sale all month at Walmart. Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Pinterest Courtesy Brawny Even though we totally have a crush on the Brawny Man who usually graces our paper-towel rolls, we have an even bigger crush on the badass women taking his place this month. The paper-towel company announced that in recognition of Women's History Month, Walmart stores will be selling Brawny towels with limited-edition commemorative packaging featuring a woman in place of the classic Brawny Man. Additionally, four different women who have made strides in a STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) field are each appearing as the subject of her own individual minute-long film on Brawny's website. Brawny is calling the initiative #StrengthHasNoGender. The four women featured are: Vernice Armour—the first African-American female combat pilot in the U.S. and first African-American female pilot in the U.S. Marine Corps. Dr. Anna Kornbrot—the first woman to graduate from Columbia College. She is an oral surgeon and clinical assistant professor of OMFS at Penn Dental School. Patty Lopez, Ph.D.—a platform applications engineer at Intel who has released more than 50 products across five business lines. She holds seven imaging patents. Brittany Wenger—a first-place recipient at the 2012 Google Science Fair. She developed the app Cloud4Cancer, a breast-cancer-diagnosis test. There is also a fifth short film called Breaking Barriers, which honors the accomplishments of legendary women including Harriet Tubman, Amelia Earhart, and Serena Williams. Share via Pinterest "There are women and girls everywhere who exhibit strength and resilience in their lives, and that's the inspiration behind the Brawny #StrengthHasNoGender campaign," Frances Morgan, senior brand manager at Georgia-Pacific (the company that owns Brawny), said in a statement shared with SELF. "STEM is among many areas of society that are underrepresented by females, and we felt this would be a powerful platform to address this issue. Our partnership with Girls Inc. will help promote girls' interest in these fields and empower them to break gender stereotypes." In addition to honoring Armour, Kornbrot, Lopez, and Wenger with the short films, Brawny has partnered with Girls Inc., an organization that "inspires all girls to be strong, smart, and bold through direct service and advocacy." Brawny is donating $75,000 to the group, which will use it for developing "girls' enthusiasm for STEM as part of its Operation SMART programming. As a national sponsor of the program, the maker of Brawny is helping fund STEM education opportunities for more than 46,000 girls across 76 Girls Inc. affiliates," reads Brawny's press release. We're gonna need some paper towels to help clean up all the glass that's falling from the ceiling. Related: Women of Color Share Details of Discrimination on the Job Are You a Woman in the U.S.? The 4 Stats You Need to Know Now From the "No Ceilings" Report SELF-Made Women Who Inspire: Kimber Lockhart Watch: The Next Challenge for Women In STEM Is Here Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Keywords snd, women, stem, news Trending 1 Fitness 21 Of The Best Abs Exercises You Can Do Without Equipment 2 Beauty See The Best iHeartRadio Music Awards Red-Carpet Outfits 3 Sex Love The Best Sex Position For Your Zodiac Sign Wellness, Meet Inbox Sign up for our Newsletter and join us on the path to wellness. Sign up Now Subscribe to SELF Magazine Subscribe to SELF Get 6 issues for just $5 subscribe now Subscribe Subscription ServicesCareersCondé Nast StoreSite MapAbout SelfContact the EditorsAccessibility HelpNewsletter Sign UpRSS Feeds Our SitesAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBackchannelBon AppétitBridesCondé Nast TravelerEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQGQ StylePitchforkSelfStyleTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVogueWWired Cond\é Nast © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016). SELF may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
null
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 63° 63° Low 60° High 69° Wed 41° 68° Thu 38° 71° Fri 51° 67° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Huntsville Police: All suspects caught in Feb. 12 shooting in Wal-Mart parking lot Posted 2:30 pm, March 3, 2017, by Claire Aiello Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Huntsville Police investigate a shooting at Wal-Mart on Sparkman Drive on Feb. 12. × Huntsville Police: All suspects caught in Feb. 12 shooting in Wal-Mart parking lot Huntsville Police investigate a shooting at Wal-Mart on Sparkman Drive on Feb. 12. HUNTSVILLE, Ala. – Huntsville Police say they have arrested all three suspects in a February 12 shooting that happened in the Wal-Mart parking lot on Sparkman Drive. Police say the victim was in the suspects’ car making a gun transaction.  When he tried to get out of the car, he was shot several times. Investigators say three people are charged: Kendrick Patterson, 19, Dylan Potter, 19 and Christopher Pressnell, 17. All three are charged with attempted murder. The victim was seriously injured but is expected to survive. Filed in: Huntsville Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Woman wants to find boy who left $5 and sad apology note on her door Decatur teen killed in motorcycle wreck Saturday morning Owners of drive-in opt not to air Beauty and the Beast because of homosexual character Latest News Spoof Facebook page claims Drive-in theater reverses decision on showing “Beauty and the Beast” Mayor Tommy Battle gets involved after school board contention “Chasing the Dragon,” new FBI/DEA film to fight opioid abuse UAH considering changes to on-campus parking News Huntsville Police need help locating shooting suspects News Police investigate shooting at Sparkman Walmart Huntsville Suspect in Boswell Drive shooting arrested News Madison Police identify victim of Sonic Drive-In shooting as James Clemens HS senior Huntsville Huntsville Police upgrade assault charges to murder stemming from October shooting Huntsville How you can be charged with murder in Alabama without committing it Madison Madison police search for robbery suspect; considered armed and dangerous Athens Shooting suspect turns himself in to Athens police Huntsville UPDATE: Four men charged with murder, victim’s name released after shooting on Broadmeadow Lane News The Latest: Suspect dies, 2 officers wounded in shooting Huntsville Police searching for shooter in southwest Huntsville, one victim in critical condition Madison This Morning Madison Police search for man involved in overnight shooting Decatur Police: Priceville shooting victim is homeowner’s relative Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Haven't got a Nintendo Switch? Don't worry, more are coming Unlike the NES Classic, which was out of stock for months, Nintendo's newest console should be easy to come by, company execs say. Video Games by Alfred Ng March 3, 2017 11:52 AM PST @alfredwkng Mario and Nintendo's vice president of sales, Doug Bowser, in Manhattan on Friday at the Nintendo Switch launch event. Alfred Ng/CNET The first person in line for the midnight release of the Nintendo Switch had been there four long weeks. YouTuber CaptainNintendoDude waited the 28 days since Feb. 3 at the Nintendo Store in Manhattan, until at last he could count down to the clock striking midnight, like it was New Year's Eve for Nintendo's newest console. It was an extreme measure, but he was willing to endure it in order to guarantee a Switch. Nintendo executives said Friday, as sales of the Switch began, that you won't have to work nearly that hard to buy yours. All across the country, the hype had been building for the Switch, with preorders quickly selling out at major retailers like Amazon, Walmart and GameStop. This time around, Nintendo took precautions to make sure it wouldn't have a situation like the NES Classic on its hands. The NES Classic, a nostalgic remake, has been sold out for months because of heavy demand and supply shortages. The Nintendo Wii also faced supply problems more than a year after its release. With that track record and the sold-out preorders for the Switch, many people worried they would have to wait for the new console if they didn't get it at launch. Not this time, says Doug Bowser, Nintendo's vice president of sales. The company is boosting its production and expects a steady flow of Switches heading to stores for several months, according to Bowser. If you miss out on a Switch on the launch date, he said, rest assured that more are on the way. For Friday's Switch launch, Nintendo shipped out 2 million units worldwide, anticipating the high demand. There's no exact number on how many more Switches Nintendo will be dispersing, but Bowser said that constant production means people should be able to get their hands on the console. "They're going to be available through March, and we're also increasing production," said Marc Franklin, Nintendo's public relations director. It's still too early say how many Nintendo Switches have been sold since it launched at midnight. But Bowser expects fans to continue buying the console as Nintendo rolls out games like Splatoon 2, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and ARMS. So far, Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild has been one of the most popular launch titles, and for good reason. CNET sister site GameSpot gave the title a perfect 10, calling it a "breathtaking masterpiece." Nintendo decided to space out its heavy hitters, with Breath of the Wild as its haymaker for the launch. Instead of herding a pack of strong titles right out of the gate, Nintendo is going for a steady pace of releases throughout the year. That means for launch, players will have to play the Zelda title and 1-2 Switch while they wait for more games. For Nicole Perez, a mother of two, that's not an issue at all. She's excited for Super Mario Odyssey, but the 1-2 Switch has been her favorite so far. She was playing it Friday morning with her 9-year-old daughter and 14-year-old son at Nintendo's New York City event. "I like doing the dance with my daughter, I also like the safe crack," Perez said. "I'm more old-school, so I'm more into Mario, but I know my son loves Legend of Zelda." Batteries Not Included: The CNET team reminds us why tech is cool. CNET Magazine: Check out a sample of the stories in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Video Games Nintendo CNET Review Nintendo Switch This clever hybrid console delivers on its promise of being a home-and-away gaming machine, but its serious lack of games will have everyone but Zelda fanatics holding off for now. $439.46 See it More stories Halo 5 Guardians headlines new Xbox subscription service Google Play store update to help you find gaming's hidden gems Twitch will let you buy games directly from streams Mass Effect Andromeda: This ain't your daddy's space opera Close   Discuss: Haven't got a Nintendo Switch? Don't worry,... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: IBM quantum computers will unleash weird science on business Google Home spouts crazy talk with fake news in answers The smart speaker is criticized for spreading conspiracy theories about President Obama and other untrue statements as part of its spoken search results. by Bridget Carey 2:10 Leaked footage of the Galaxy S8, Nintendo says dead pixels are normal In today's tech news a footage leaks of the Samsung Galaxy S8, Reddit users complain about dead pixels on the Nintendo Switch and Elon Musk might be boring in LA. by Jonathan Garnham 1:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Haven't got a Nintendo Switch? Don't worry, more are coming Unlike the NES Classic, which was out of stock for months, Nintendo's newest console should be easy to come by, company execs say. Video Games by Alfred Ng 3 March 2017 7:52 pm GMT @alfredwkng Mario and Nintendo's vice president of sales, Doug Bowser, in Manhattan on Friday at the Nintendo Switch launch event. Alfred Ng/CNET The first person in line for the midnight release of the Nintendo Switch had been there four long weeks. YouTuber CaptainNintendoDude waited the 28 days since Feb. 3 at the Nintendo Store in Manhattan, until at last he could count down to the clock striking midnight, like it was New Year's Eve for Nintendo's newest console. It was an extreme measure, but he was willing to endure it in order to guarantee a Switch. Nintendo executives said Friday, as sales of the Switch began, that you won't have to work nearly that hard to buy yours. All across the country, the hype had been building for the Switch, with preorders quickly selling out at major retailers like Amazon, Walmart and GameStop. This time around, Nintendo took precautions to make sure it wouldn't have a situation like the NES Classic on its hands. The NES Classic, a nostalgic remake, has been sold out for months because of heavy demand and supply shortages. The Nintendo Wii also faced supply problems more than a year after its release. With that track record and the sold-out preorders for the Switch, many people worried they would have to wait for the new console if they didn't get it at launch. Not this time, says Doug Bowser, Nintendo's vice president of sales. The company is boosting its production and expects a steady flow of Switches heading to stores for several months, according to Bowser. If you miss out on a Switch on the launch date, he said, rest assured that more are on the way. For Friday's Switch launch, Nintendo shipped out 2 million units worldwide, anticipating the high demand. There's no exact number on how many more Switches Nintendo will be dispersing, but Bowser said that constant production means people should be able to get their hands on the console. "They're going to be available through March, and we're also increasing production," said Marc Franklin, Nintendo's public relations director. It's still too early say how many Nintendo Switches have been sold since it launched at midnight. But Bowser expects fans to continue buying the console as Nintendo rolls out games like Splatoon 2, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and ARMS. So far, Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild has been one of the most popular launch titles, and for good reason. CNET sister site GameSpot gave the title a perfect 10, calling it a "breathtaking masterpiece." Nintendo decided to space out its heavy hitters, with Breath of the Wild as its haymaker for the launch. Instead of herding a pack of strong titles right out of the gate, Nintendo is going for a steady pace of releases throughout the year. That means for launch, players will have to play the Zelda title and 1-2 Switch while they wait for more games. For Nicole Perez, a mother of two, that's not an issue at all. She's excited for Super Mario Odyssey, but the 1-2 Switch has been her favorite so far. She was playing it Friday morning with her 9-year-old daughter and 14-year-old son at Nintendo's New York City event. "I like doing the dance with my daughter, I also like the safe crack," Perez said. "I'm more old-school, so I'm more into Mario, but I know my son loves Legend of Zelda." Batteries Not Included: The CNET team reminds us why tech is cool. CNET Magazine: Check out a sample of the stories in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Video Games Nintendo CNET Review Nintendo Switch This clever hybrid console delivers on its promise of being a home-and-away gaming machine, but its serious lack of games will have everyone but Zelda fanatics holding off for now. £342.95 See it More stories Halo 5 Guardians headlines new Xbox subscription service Google Play store update to help you find gaming's hidden gems Twitch will let you buy games directly from streams Mass Effect Andromeda: This ain't your daddy's space opera Close   Discuss: Haven't got a Nintendo Switch? Don't worry,... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: IBM quantum computers will unleash weird science on business Google Home spouts crazy talk with fake news in answers The smart speaker is criticized for spreading conspiracy theories about President Obama and other untrue statements as part of its spoken search results. by Bridget Carey 2:10 Leaked footage of the Galaxy S8, Nintendo says dead pixels are normal In today's tech news a footage leaks of the Samsung Galaxy S8, Reddit users complain about dead pixels on the Nintendo Switch and Elon Musk might be boring in LA. by Jonathan Garnham 1:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
RSS   Free Trial Home   Advertise   About   Contact Subscribe   Sign In Havre Daily News - News you can use Reader Comments (0)  Print   Home Local Agendas and Notices Church Corrections Hi-Line Living News Record Senior News Obituaries Sports Opinion Column Columns Letters Calendar Classifieds Publications Farm & Ranch Publication Sports Publications Advertise Photos Directory Senior Center News, Mar. 3, 2017   March 3, 2017 North Central Senior Center March 6-10 Monday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Exercise Class Tuesday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Bingo 1:15 p.m. Wednesday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; TOPS at 8 a.m.; Cards 1 p.m.; Mall or Walmart shopping 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. Thursday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Cards 1 p.m. Friday — Medical transportation is available from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. but people must make a request at least 24 hours ahead of time. Pinochle — First place, Elva Van Dessel; second place, Jack Norman; third place, Marge Matzke; pinochle, Peter Berry Menu by Earlene DeWinter Monday — Swedish meatballs, rice, Harvard beets, fruit Tuesday — Salad, spaghetti/meat sauce, garlic bread, green beans, pineapple upside down cake Wednesday — Maple brined turkey, mashed potato/gravy, cranberries, pumpkin bars Thursday — Ham/scalloped potatoes, sunshine carrots, chocolate cake Friday — Soup, salad bar, chef’s choice, dessert, milk Center exercise class resumes Every Monday, except holidays, it’s time to exercise from 10 to 11 a.m. at the Senior Center back room. Hope to see you there. New Medicare cards are coming New Medicare cards are required to be issued to all beneficiaries by April 2019. A new Medicare Beneficiary Identifier will replace the Social Security number currently displayed on Medicare cards and will also be used for all claims processing, eligibility verification and claims status inquiries. The number will be 11 characters in length and consist of numbers and uppercase letters. While this change should reduce the risk of identity theft for Medicare beneficiaries whose cards are lost or stolen, the issuance of new cards will likely present a golden opportunity for clever scammers who take advantage of the confusion created by such a massive change. Beneficiaries and caregivers will need to be extra vigilant as the time approaches for the rollout of the new system. While Medicare’s error rate is low, they process 4.5 million claims per day. That is over 3,100 claims per minute of every day and mistakes do happen. This is why the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services asks for your assistance. By reviewing your own claims for accuracy you can help protect your Medicare benefits. You might be interested in: Big Sandy crash fatalities identified For the Record, Mar. 1, 2017 For the Record, Mar. 2, 2017 Havre man sentenced for having meth Rocky Boy ups reward for help finding missing man   MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed Obituary: Marla Jendro For the Record, Mar. 3,... Quick Pics - Sunnyside S... Strike Gold: Ponies advance Chris Peterson #Not my time-space conti... Pam Burke MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment     Havre Daily News | 119 2nd Street, Havre, MT 59501 Ph: (406) 265-6795 | news@havredailynews.com | www.havredailynews.com Content and information copyright 2017 Havre Daily News Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2017 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap   Privacy   Terms of Use   Submit Content   Mobile Browser Rendered 03/03/2017 12:58
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Republicans' Obamacare replacement bill: The winners and losers World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Netflix, Facebook and other techs remain red hot Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech From fleeing Iran to running an ed tech startup Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This could close the gender pay gap in 27 years Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz In Arizona, the mandated use of E-Verify has had mixed results Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Rolls-Royce makes a mini-Rolls for sick kids Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out The Buzz Costco is raising membership fees for first time since 2011 by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz March 3, 2017: 9:41 AM ET 5 stunning stats about Costco Buying 60 rolls of toilet paper at Costco is about to get more expensive. The warehouse retailer is raising its annual membership fees for the first time since 2011. Costco is boosting the price of its standard Gold Star membership by $5 to $60 a year. The Executive membership, which offers additional discounts and an annual reward on purchases, will go up $10 to $120 a year. The increases take effect June 1 and will affect about 35 million members. Costco typically raises fees every few years. The company made the announcement on Thursday as it released its latest earnings, which disappointed Wall Street. Sales and profits were lower than expected. Shares of Costco (COST) fell 4% in early trading Friday. Costco is facing tough competition from Sam's Club, the warehouse company owned by Walmart (WMT), and Target (TGT). Both have lowered prices to woo more customers. Chief financial officer Richard Galanti told analysts the challenges posed by the two big-box giants is "formidable." Related: Costco is still one of America's favorite retailers Lower food commodity prices have also triggered something of a grocery store price war. That's hurt Costco as well as supermarkets Kroger (KR) and Whole Foods (WFM). Costco executives mentioned "deflation" 26 times during their conference call with analysts. They said it has hit not just food but electronics -- another key category for the company. TV prices in particular have been falling sharply. Profits from the company's gasoline sales were lower as well. Costco is also in the middle of a transition with its new credit card partners. Last year, Costco replaced American Express (AXP) as the issuer of its co-branded membership cards in favor of Citigroup (C) and Visa (V). The company said the credit card shift has boosted its profit margins. But it wasn't enough to offset lower prices for many of its products. CNNMoney (New York) First published March 3, 2017: 9:41 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending The world will have 43% more super-rich people by 2026 GM is selling its European business in $2.3 billion deal Deutsche Bank to ask market for $8.5 billion after big losses Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Trulia Home Search Paid Partner Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Chicago Real Estate San Francisco Homes for Sale Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth New York Real Estate Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Please enable javascript to view this site. HD Report | March 7, 2017 HD Channels AT&T U-verse TV Comcast XFINITY TV Charter HD Channels Cox HD Channels DIRECTV HD Channels Dish HD Channels Time Warner Cable HD Channels Verizon FiOS HD Channels Streaming Channels Fire TV Channels Apple TV Channels Chromecast Channels PS Vue Channels Roku Channels Sling TV Channels TV Providers Select a Page: Hide Navigation HD Channels AT&T U-verse TV Comcast XFINITY TV Charter HD Channels Cox HD Channels DIRECTV HD Channels Dish HD Channels Time Warner Cable HD Channels Verizon FiOS HD Channels Streaming Channels Fire TV Channels Apple TV Channels Chromecast Channels PS Vue Channels Roku Channels Sling TV Channels TV Providers App News Android iOS Windows 8 Blu-ray/Digital Blu-ray Disc Ultra HD Blu-ray Digital HD Cable/Satellite AT&T U-Verse Cablevision Charter Comcast Cox Communications DIRECTV DISH Network Google Fiber Time Warner Cable Verizon FIOS TV All Provider News Streaming Amazon Video Apple TV CBS All Access Chromecast DIRECTV NOW Fire TV Google Play HBO GO HBO NOW Hulu iTunes Netflix PlayStation Vue Roku SHOWTIME Sling TV YouTube VUDU All Streaming News Gaming Nintendo PS4 PS4 Pro Xbox One Xbox One S Tech News 4k TV Apple Hardware HDR Switch VR All Tech News TV/Movies TV News Movie News Free Previews Trailers Deals Blu-ray Deals Digital Movies & TV Tablet & Phone Deals TV & Electronics Deals Select a Page: Hide Navigation App News Android iOS Windows 8 Blu-ray/Digital Blu-ray Disc Ultra HD Blu-ray Digital HD Cable/Satellite AT&T U-Verse Cablevision Charter Comcast Cox Communications DIRECTV DISH Network Google Fiber Time Warner Cable Verizon FIOS TV All Provider News Streaming Amazon Video Apple TV CBS All Access Chromecast DIRECTV NOW Fire TV Google Play HBO GO HBO NOW Hulu iTunes Netflix PlayStation Vue Roku SHOWTIME Sling TV YouTube VUDU All Streaming News Gaming Nintendo PS4 PS4 Pro Xbox One Xbox One S Tech News 4k TV Apple Hardware HDR Switch VR All Tech News TV/Movies TV News Movie News Free Previews Trailers Deals Blu-ray Deals Digital Movies & TV Tablet & Phone Deals TV & Electronics Deals Scroll to top Top Blu-ray 3DBlu-ray DiscNews No Comments ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story’ Exclusive Blu-ray Editions Detailed hdreport On March 3, 2017 http://hd-report.com Rogue One: A Star Wars Story will release to disc on Tuesday, April 4th, and along with the standard Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D editions will come several exclusive retail versions. Those partnering on the packaged media editions include Target, Best Buy, Walmart, and the Disney Store. On Blu-ray, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is formatted in 1080p with a 24-bit DTS-HD Master Audio 7.1 soundtrack. And, along with close to a dozen bonus featurettes each edition includes a Digital HD copy to download or stream. Here’s a look at the exclusive retailer editions. Best Buy Best Buy’s exclusive edition of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story comes in a 4-disc set with copies of the film in 3D Blu-ray, Blu-ray, DVD and Digital HD. The fourth disc contains extra bonus material, and everything is packaged nicely in a special SteelBook case, with images of Shadow Troopers on the front and traditional Stormtroopers on the back. Price: $29.99 Disney Store The Disney Store is releasing a Blu-ray combo pack that includes a set of four collectible lithographs with special Disney seal stamped in gold foil. Also included is $10 off an online purchase of $40 or more made between April 4 and 16. Both offers are only good for pre-orders of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story made by April 3rd. The 3-disc edition includes Blu-ray, DVD, bonus disc, and Digital HD copies (no 3D Blu-ray). Price: $24.95 Target Star Wars heroine Jyn Erso is featured on the cover of Target’s exclusive Blu-ray edition of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, but can be swapped out with a choice of five interchangeable covers (seen above) This impressive 5-disc set includes Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, DVD, and Digital HD copies, along with a Target Exclusive disc and extra bonus content disc. Exclusive content includes the featurettes “Inside the Creature Shop,” an inside look at the film’s aliens with Creative Supervisor Neal Scanlan, a digital storytelling component, and a look at the technology used to produce the film. Price: $27.99 Walmart Walmart’s exclusive edition of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is a 3-disc edition with special packaging and two collectible Star Wars Galactic Connexions trading discs. The front package features the new Star Wars droid K-2SO, which folds out to reveal a scene from the battle at Scarif Beach. The edition includes Blu-ray, DVD, and Digital HD copies (no 3D Blu-ray copy). Price: $24.96 TagsRogue One: A Star Wars Story Previous Story Sling TV to launch NBC Regional Sports in time for MLB Season Next Story ‘Split’ Release Dates Announced for Blu-ray, DVD & Digital HD Submit a Comment Cancel reply Message* Name* Mail* Website CAPTCHA Code * Advertisement Recent News Digital HDNews Fantastic Beasts, Passengers & more digital releases this week March 6, 2017 | hdreport This Tuesday, Warner Bros.’ Oscar-winning film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2016) will release digitally, selling for $19.99 in Digital HD from most services including Amazon, iTunes, and Google Play. Vudu is also selling a 4k UHD version of the … Read More 4k8kBlu-ray 3D Star Wars on 4K Blu-ray? Patience, Young Jedi. March 5, 2017 | Sam Jordan So you plunked down a couple of grand on a new 4K TV, you’ve got the surround sound set up, and now you’re ready to dive into the world of Ultra High Definition with Star Wars: Episode VII – The … Read More Blu-ray DiscDigital HDNews ‘Patriots Day’ Releasing to Blu-ray, 4k Blu-ray & Digital HD March 5, 2017 | contributor Lionsgate’s historical drama Patriots Day is releasing soon to Digital HD, Blu-ray, and 4k Ultra HD Blu-ray. The film will first be available in Digital HD on March 14, followed by Blu-ray, 4k Blu-ray, DVD, and On Demand on March … Read More Blu-ray DiscDVDNews ‘Split’ Release Dates Announced for Blu-ray, DVD & Digital HD March 5, 2017 | contributor Universal Pictures’ Split was on top of the box office for several weeks in a row, and soon the psychological thriller will be available in home media formats. The film will first release to Digital HD on April 4, followed by … Read More Blu-ray 3DBlu-ray DiscNews ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story’ Exclusive Blu-ray Editions Detailed March 3, 2017 | hdreport Rogue One: A Star Wars Story will release to disc on Tuesday, April 4th, and along with the standard Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D editions will come several exclusive retail versions. Those partnering on the packaged media editions include Target, … Read More NewsSling TV Sling TV to launch NBC Regional Sports in time for MLB Season March 2, 2017 | Jeff Chabot Sling TV has announced they will launch NBC Regional Sports Networks in several markets before the start of the 2017 MLB season. The networks will also bring coverage of local NBA and NHL games going into the first round of … Read More Blu-ray DiscDVDNews ‘Hidden Figures’ Blu-ray, 4k Blu-ray, & Digital Release Dates March 2, 2017 | hdreport The 3-time Oscar-nominated film Hidden Figures is headed for home entertainment release. The movie will first be available in Digital HD on March 28th, followed by disc formats and On Demand two weeks later on April 11th. On Blu-ray, Hidden Figures will release to … Read More Movie NewsNewsTrailers ‘Alien: Covenant’ Official Trailer Released by 20th Century Fox March 1, 2017 | Sam Donaldson 20th Century Fox has released the first official trailer for Alien: Covenant opening to theaters on May 19, 2017. The trailer comes a week after FOX released a 5-minute prologue scene with the crew of the colonization spaceship Covenant, and a couple … Read More GamingNews Game Pass is the Best Reason to Own an Xbox February 28, 2017 | Matthew Byrd When it comes to technological advances, being first doesn’t always mean that much. Look at the Oculus Rift. That device’s Kickstarter campaign basically reinvigorated the entire idea of virtual reality gaming and created a template for how the concept … Read More Blu-ray 3DBlu-ray DiscNews ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story’ Blu-ray & 3D Blu-ray Release Dates February 28, 2017 | hdreport Disney’s Rogue One: A Star Wars Story was one of the biggest film releases of last year, and soon the movie will be available on disc and digital for home media viewing. The Blu-ray, 3D Blu-ray, and DVD will release on Tuesday, April … Read More Deals 4k TVDeals This Samsung 4k HDR TV is 43% Off! February 14, 2017 | DealFinder Looking for a 65-inch 4k TV that supports HDR? Amazon has got this 2016 model discounted by 43% with free shipping! Right now you can save $1,200 on the Samsung KS8000 Smart LED TV that’s selling for just $1,597! The KS8000 flat screen TV … Read More Blu-ray DiscDeals Outlander Season 2 Exclusive Collector’s Edition is only $32.99 February 6, 2017 | DealFinder If you’re a fan of Outlander there’s no reason not to grab the Season 2 Exclusive Collector’s Edition at this low price. Amazon has got the 6-disc boxed set priced at only $32.99 — a savings of 57% (or $43) off … Read More 4k TVDeals Deal Alert: 65″ LG 4k Ultra HD TV discounted to $1,097 February 1, 2017 | DealFinder Looking for a last minute deal on a new 4k TV before the Super Bowl? Right now Amazon has got the LG Electronics 65UH6150 65″ 4K Ultra HD for just $1,097 — that’s about $700 off the list price of … Read More Shop for Deals About | Contributors | Jobs | Advertising | Disclaimer | Privacy | Contact | Subscribe (RSS)
Share 12 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-03-06 In Memoriam Oscars 2017 Segment Shows Living Woman, Academy Apologizes Entertainment 2017-03-06 Ariana Grande, John Legend Release ‘Beauty And The Beast’ Video Entertainment 2017-03-06 Song Joong-ki, Song Hye-kyo, Lee Min-ho Face Threat, Lotte Website Hacked Entertainment 2017-03-05 Father John Misty ‘Bedding Taylor Swift’ Lyric, Recent SNL Performance Discussed News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-03-06 Donald Trump Linked To Iran Through Shadowy Hotel Deal, Explosive Report Charges News 2017-03-06 April The Giraffe Has Most Watched Baby Bump, Watch Live Cam [Video] News 2017-03-06 David Letterman Says We Need To Protect Ourselves Against ‘Trumpy’ News 2017-03-06 ‘I’m HIV-Positive’: Elderly Woman Lies About Status To Avoid Being Raped [Video] Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2017-03-06 Watch Arsenal Vs. Bayern Munich Live Stream: UEFA Champions League Round of 16 Wrestling 2017-03-06 ‘WrestleMania 33’ News: Shaq Back In Talks For Big Show Match Despite Mud-Slinging [Opinion] Wrestling 2017-03-06 TNA News: TNA Not In Talks To Return To Spike TV, Pop TV Deal Expiring Soon? Wrestling 2017-03-06 WWE News: Last-Minute Change & Botched Finish To Match At ‘WWE Fastlane’ Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-03-05 Astrology 101: What It Means When Planets Go Retrograde Lifestyle 2017-03-04 WAH Jobs: Five Healthcare And Nursing Jobs You Can Do At Home Lifestyle 2017-03-04 Why Does McDonald’s Sell Shamrock Shakes And Filet-O-Fish Sandwiches? Lifestyle 2017-03-04 WAH: Can You Succeed With Work-At-Home Jobs? [Opinion] Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-03-05 Breastfeeding Pressure Killed Baby, Says Mom Health 2017-03-05 Viagra Vs. Sildenafil: The Truth About Generic Viagra, And How To Buy It Legally Health 2017-03-05 Condom Wearable: i.Con Releases ‘World’s First Smart Condom’ For $74 Health 2017-03-04 E. Coli Outbreak: I.M. Healthy SoyNut Butter May Have Sickened 12 In Five States Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-03-06 ‘Fallout 4’ Mods: Cascadia/Seattle Review, Creation Kit Developers At Full Steam Gaming 2017-03-06 ‘Destiny: Age Of Triumph’ Tease Reveals Fatebringer, Vault Of Glass Raid Return Gaming 2017-03-06 ‘Final Fantasy XIV’ PS3 Service Ends June 2017, How To Upgrade To PS4 For Free Gaming 2017-03-06 ‘Pokemon GO’ Update 0.57.4 Released, Promised Trading Feature May Kill The Game BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-03-06 A Day Without Men? #DayWithoutAWoman Gets #DayWithoutAMan Backlash, Firings Fear BuzzWorthy 2017-03-06 ‘A Day Without Women’ Strike March 8: Some Schools Close For #DayWithoutAWoman BuzzWorthy 2017-03-06 Obama’s Leather Jacket, Non-Mom Jeans Photos Get 5,100 Facebook Shares [Photos] BuzzWorthy 2017-03-06 Donald Trump Uses Scotch Tape To Keep The Ends Of His Necktie Together SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss After President Trump’s Speech, More Americans Think That Trump Is Presidential News Analysis 12 0 0 March 3, 2017 After President Trump’s Speech, More Americans Think That Trump Is Presidential Lucy Santos President Trump certainly made his mark in his first presidential address informing the American people about the issues that truly matter to them such as immigration, education, crime, poverty, job creation, the economy, government spending, terrorism, homeland security and healthcare among many other important matters. As President Trump spoke with such eloquence, logic and passion, he did not attack anyone. In fact, many Americans were so impressed with this new side of Trump that they are now actually supporting him. Some reporters, such as Democratic CNN commentator Van Jones, were so inspired by his speech that they now see him as presidential. Despite the reality that Trump’s speech was great, there was still a strong division in congress. The Republicans stood up and applauded as Trump spoke, but the democrats remained seated and did not applaud. Trump hopes to unify congress and wants all the parties to work together, despite their differences, to make America great again. Even though Trump did not have political experience prior to his presidency, many Americans voted for him because he certainly had knowledge in the politics of business. After all, he is a billionaire who has created a financial empire as those Trump Towers have become a symbol of New York. [Image by Jim Lo Scalzo – Pool/Getty Images] In his address, Trump gave examples of how the economy has already improved ever since he became president. He said that the stock market gained nearly three billion dollars since the election on November 8. Another victory for Trump, as outlined in his speech is that companies such as Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockhead, Intel, Walmart as well as many other business will put money into creating tens of thousands of jobs for Americans. The president also helped to lower the price of the F-35 jet fighter helping to save taxpayer money. Despite Trump’s economic victories as president so far, he admits that plenty of work still needs to be done to improve the economy that he describes as the worst financial recovery in 65 years. He also said that in the last eight years the past administration has acquired more debt than in all other presidencies. As he stated during his campaign and in his presidency, President Trump wants to get Americans back to work again. The statistics that he gave in his speech about unemployment are alarming. There are 94 million Americans that are unemployed. More than 43 million Americans are on food stamps. More than 20 percent of Americans in their prime working years are not working. According to his address, President Trump believes in free trade, but he also believes in fair trade. Trump said that American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates in the world. Trump explained how unfairly other nations treat American as far as free trade is concerned. “Currently when we ship products out of America, many countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes – – but when foreign companies ship their products into America we charge them almost nothing,” Trump said in his speech. When he met with members of the Harley-Davidson, the famous American company that makes the best motorcycles in the nation, they told Trump how hard it is for them to do businesses overseas. They said that another country taxed their motorcycles at 100 percent. As we observe towns and cities throughout the United States, we can see how our infrastructure is completely falling apart. There are potholes in some of our streets, damaged bridges, and dilapidated tunnels among many other places of the transportation system that need to be repaired. Trump said that he would fix the disintegrating infrastructure in America. He said that America spent roughly six trillion dollars in the Middle East while our infrastructure was in need of repair. Trump said that with those six trillion dollars we could have rebuilt our country twice. Trump wants to approve legislation that produces $1 trillion dollars in order to revamp our infrastructure. He plans to use both public and private funds to help reconstruct America, and he wants to hire American workers to rebuild their country. The brightest medical researchers are tirelessly working to find treatments and even possible cures for such debilitating diseases such as Parkinson’s, multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and cystic fibrosis among many other diseases. Trump thinks that the tedious process of getting lifesaving drugs approved by the (FDA) Federal Drug Administration keeps too many patients away from the medical advances that could save or prolong their lives. He used the story of Megan Crowley, who was a guest at his presidential address, as an example of how a live saving drug can save a patient’s life. Trump said that Megan Crowley was diagnosed with Pompe Disease when she was just 15 months old. Even though the doctors told her dad that she would not live past the age of five, he did not give up hope. John, Megan’s dad, even created a company that developed a drug that saved Megan’s life. Today Megan is 20 years old and a sophomore at Notre Dame. Trump plans to change the FDA regulations as well as other government agencies so that drugs are approved and administered more expediently to the patients who really need them. These drugs may help to improve a patient’s quality of life and alleviate their suffering. Some of these drugs may even lead to treatments that may cure rare diseases. Widow of Fallen Navy Seal, Senior Chief William Owens and Ivanka Trump. [Image by Alex Wong/Getty Images] The highlight of Trump’s presidential speech was when he saluted Chief William Ryan Owens, who was a Navy Special Operator, who died while in a raid in Yemen last month. Carryn Owens, the widow of Chief William Ryan Owens, was truly moved as Trump saluted her husband who was a real American hero. While he praised Chief William Ryan Owens for his service to his country, you could see how much Trump loves America. Perhaps, the love for those who selflessly serve our country is more important than political experience. “The challenges we face as a nation are great. But our people are even greater. And none are greater or braver than those who fight for America in uniform,” Trump said in his speech as a moving tribute to Chief William Ryan Owens and all those who serve. After hearing and analyzing President Trump’s speech, do you think that he will make America great again? [Featured Image by Jim Lo Scalzo – Pool/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Attorney General Had Contact With Russian Ambassador Now Read This: ESPN Layoffs Will Affect Familiar On-Air Talent Share 12 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Lucy Santos Tags: President Trump, Trump's Speech March 6, 2017 Does New Photo Predict April The Giraffe’s Baby’s Birth? Watch Live Cam [Video] March 5, 2017 April The Giraffe Signs Of Labor, Watch Live Cam [Video] Comments LATEST HEADLINES ESPN Layoffs Will Affect Familiar On-Air Talent ‘Fallout 4’ Mods: Cascadia/Seattle Review, Creation Kit Developers At Full Steam Margot Robbie’s ‘Marian’ Is Part Of The Rise Of Female-Driven Films In Hollywood Beyonce And Blue Ivy Wear Green Dresses To ‘Beauty And The Beast’ Premiere Watch Arsenal Vs. Bayern Munich Live Stream: UEFA Champions League Round of 16 ‘WrestleMania 33’ News: Shaq Back In Talks For Big Show Match Despite Mud-Slinging [Opinion] ‘Teen Mom’ Star Kailyn Lowry’s Baby Daddy Revealed? Shocking New Clues Emerge A Day Without Men? #DayWithoutAWoman Gets #DayWithoutAMan Backlash, Firings Fear Cynthia Bailey’s Ex Peter Thomas Bashes Porsha Williams Over Kandi Burruss Claim Is Donald Trump Dead Or Impeached On ‘Last Man On Earth?’ [Spoilers] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Stephen King’s ‘It’: Part Two To Begin Shooting In Two Weeks 16.8k 0 0 Tommy Page Dead At 46: ‘Full House’ Stars React To The Death Of Former Teen Idol 10.3k 0 0 Milo Ventimiglia Says Fans Should ‘Get A Puppy’ To Survive ‘This Is Us’ Finale 9.4k 0 0 WWE Rumors: The Undertaker To Return At ‘Fastlane’ For Roman Reigns’ Match 21.4k 0 0 Hallyu Trio Honored, Lee Min-ho, Song Joong-ki, Song Hye-kyo Win Big 7.2k 0 0 Bernie Sanders Supporters Are Deciding Whether To Be Democrats Or Go Green 5.9k 0 0 Recent Videos News Barack And Michelle Obama Sign $65 Million Book Deal News Louis Farrakhan Criticizes President Trump Politics Donald Trump Confuses With Sweden Terror Attack Comments News ‘Blind Sheikh’, World Trade Center Attack Conspirator, Dies Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 221 23 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Costco shares fall after fee hike, Wall Street miss Shares of Costco Wholesale fell Friday, the day after the popular discount warehouse club operator announced a hike in membership fees and reported earnings that missed Wall Street forecasts. Post to Facebook Costco shares fall after fee hike, Wall Street miss Shares of Costco Wholesale fell Friday, the day after the popular discount warehouse club operator announced a hike in membership fees and reported earnings that missed Wall Street forecasts.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lHH9JI {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 18 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Costco shares fall after fee hike, Wall Street miss Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY Published 1:07 p.m. ET March 3, 2017 | Updated 4:35 p.m. ET March 3, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Attention Costco shoppers. You will have to start paying more to buy in bulk at your favorite warehouse club. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Buzz60 Shopper Linda Bultema leaves a Costco store in 2014 in Kalamazoo, Mich. (Photo: Mark Bugnaski, AP) 221 CONNECTTWEET 23 LINKEDIN 18 COMMENTEMAILMORE Shares of Costco Wholesale fell Friday, the day after the popular discount warehouse club operator announced a hike in membership fees and reported earnings that missed Wall Street forecasts. The Issaquah, Wash.-based company's stock (COST) closed 4.3% lower at $170.26 per share. The fee increase will take effect June 1. Costo contends with competition from other discount clubs, major supermarket chains, retailing giant Walmart and others. Annual membership fees for Costco's individual, business and business add-on members in the USA and Canada will rise $5 to $60, the company said. Executive memberships in the USA and Canada will increase from $110 to $120. The fee increases will affect roughly 35 million members of Costco, which operates 508 warehouses in the USA and Puerto Rico. 8 hidden benefits to your Costco membership Though membership remains strong, Costco CFO Richard Galanti told financial analysts during a conference call, the profit-and-loss impact of the fee hikes would register gradually over a 23-month timeline as memberships came up for renewal. Second-quarter net income totaled $515 million, or $1.17 per share, the company reported. A consensus forecast of financial analysts surveyed by S&P Capital IQ had expected income of nearly $596.7 million, or $1.36 per share. Costco's report of $29.77 billion in revenue for the three-month period fell short of the $29.90 billion forecast in the analyst survey. The company said same-store sales growth was 3%, below the 3.89% expected by the Wall Street analysts. On the positive side, Galanti said switching the company's credit card from American Express to Visa last June boosted the quarterly earnings per share by 16 cents as spending on the new cards rose. Costco partly benefited from lower fees paid to Visa. Costco absorbed a roughly $20 million pre-tax hit from foreign exchange losses involving forward contracts and U.S. dollar holdings by the company's foreign subsidiaries. The result contrasted with a $6 million positive impact for the same period last year. HHGregg closing 88 stores amid bankruptcy rumors Galanti said the company tweaked the coupon booklets sent to members and posted online by reducing the so-called multi-vendor mailings offered during the year and including fewer items per mailer. The changes involve an overall increase in total savings for members on the included items, he said. The new strategy increased overall second-quarter sales from the mailings in comparison with the same period last year, he said. Galanti disagreed when asked during the conference call if the marketing changes and membership fee hikes had been prompted by increased price competition and industry pricing battles. "I don't know where else you can get in the country a 40-pack of half-liter water bottles for $2.99 down from $3.49. And we're driving units, and we're driving a little traffic. And that's what we do, and it's not because somebody else went down to that price," Galanti said. "And I think it has a very little to do with either a different, a change in the level of competition or the fact that we're getting ready to do a fee increase. We do that, really, those somewhat independently," he said. Contributing: Associated Press Follow USA TODAY reporter Kevin McCoy on Twitter: @kmccoynyc 221 CONNECTTWEET 23 LINKEDIN 18 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lHH9JI
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion It’s Time To End Net Neutrality Alan Daley Writer, American Consumer Institute 1:06 PM 03/03/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5513165 The change in Administration brings fresh thinking to what had become an epicenter of 1934 regulatory thought – the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Under the prior Administration, the FCC was twice chastised by the courts for attempting to impose net neutrality on Internet Service Providers (ISPs). To avoid a third spanking by the courts, in 2015 the FCC chose to reclassify Internet service as a “telephone service” subject to the hideously complex public utility-style rules codified in 1934. That allowed the FCC to say that under net neutrality, ISPs are forbidden from offering Internet service at a priority speed, among other things. The net neutrality moniker suggests benign “equality for all” but it prevents anyone who wants a superior service from paying for it. Thus, it dissuades any provider from offering it. The new FCC leadership will consider whether mandatory equality in service has enough merit to offset the damage to consumer choice and innovation that it imposes. Have you ever experienced an unexpected halt in the screening of a Netflix program?  You quickly realize the program was taking too long to come from Netflix to your streaming display. At times, such as Saturday night, heavy demands can congest Internet, disrupting the timely delivery of programs to your streaming device. The showing is halted until enough of the program arrives in your streaming device’s buffer for the program to resume. Upgrades in Internet infrastructure could eliminate almost all program halts, but recovering the cost of the new infrastructure from the streaming content companies would violate net neutrality. When it comes to Internet infrastructure, a superior service will not be built as long as net neutrality prohibits charging for that superior service. Everyone will still have access to the basic service, but those who need and are willing to pay for a superior service are denied access to it. That is neither progress nor fair, but is precisely what net neutrality imposes on Internet service providers and businesses and consumers who want something better. Fortunately, myopic regulations like net neutrality are not imposed on highway users. Some consumers choose to drive on a toll road, and other on restricted express lanes – instead of the backroads. The toll fee lets them stay on schedule with clients, get home in time for dinner, accomplish a few more tasks each day, despite rush hour traffic. They may be charged extra, but the toll roads do not burden those who choose to use the free roads funded by taxes that all pay. Some commercial trucks pay the toll rather than sit in traffic to work their way through a tangle of traffic lights. Paying the toll gets the truck load to its destination faster and faster delivery is important to some consumers, especially for some loads such as produce and fresh meats. The post office can offer priority services. Different options and prices make sense. Amazon offers a gradation of shipping speeds – 1-day or less , 2 days, or 4-5 days. The shipping cost charged to the consumer varies with the items, the promised delivery time, and the “prime” membership status. Payment of the annual Prime subscription entitles those consumers to free priority shipping and exclusive deals on service and items. Walmart offers home-shipping delivery times similar to Amazon’s and some of Walmart’s shipping options are free when the consumer buys enough volume. The post office offers priority services. Both Amazon and Walmart customize the delivery logistics for large and small items and for fast and standard delivery commitments. Some retailers have chosen to hire “dedicated trucking” that delivers only for that retailer. Those contracts are priced differently from the “spot market” trucking prices that apply to everyone else. If retailers or truckers were oppressed by net neutrality regulations, they would be required to use one delivery standard (e.g. 3-5 day road trucks) for all delivery commitments. In other words, there would be in no fast delivery options for consumers. How would delivery neutrality of benefit consumers? The emotional appeal of “same for everyone” has millions of emotional backers, but the emotions are not supported by genuine complaints of abuses that justify net neutrality’s existence. The arguments favoring its retention are contrived, abstract and reminiscent of centrally planned economies. Real world arguments favor its removal. As we move forward into the next stage of super highspeed Internet, our regulators also should be focused on expediting the availability spectrum suited to 5G networks, not on forcing everyone to slog through life at the same speed. The new FCC needs to put “neutral” into “park” and encourage product differentiation, competition and network investment. Alan Daley writes for the American Consumer Institute, a nonprofit educational and research organization.  For more information about the Institute, visit www.TheAmericanConsumer.org. Tags: Alan Daley, Federal Communications Commission, Net Neutrality Hide Comments   Show comments Goodbye To the Daily Caller 2:54 PM 01/12/2017 Trumpian Leadership: For The First Time In A Long Time, Republicans Fall In Line 12:59 PM 01/04/2017 Once More, It’s Cool To Depict POTUS Being Killed 8:48 PM 03/06/2017 Your Next TSA Patdown Might Make You Want To Call The Cops 5:54 PM 03/06/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12394754 Home 12394946 Live Newscast Live Events MercerMess Doppler Radar 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Ski Report School Closings 12394790 News Local News Jesse Jones KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Seattle Anti-Freeze 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12395018 Jesse Jones 12394928 Contest 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Jobs with KIRO 7 Summer Internship Program Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Housing Sports Profiles More Where to find the hard-to-get Nintendo Switch in Seattle on its launch day Updated: Mar 3, 2017 - 10:03 AM Nintendo Switch via Nintendo Twtter If you didn’t pre-order the Nintendo Switch, it is not going to be easy to find on its launch day on Friday. The Switch is like three machines in one: Wireless controllers attach to a game tablet for handheld gaming, but you can also rest it on a table with a kickstand and detach the controller to play with friends. Additionally, it slides into a docking station for a traditional game console attached to a TV. Related Headlines Nintendo: Nintendo Switch game console to launch in March How do you pre-order the Nintendo Switch? Which games are included, when… Nintendo's NES Classic Edition almost sold out everywhere Walmart, Target, Best Buy, and GameStop will all have a limited number of Switch units available for walk-in customers to buy. So does Amazon’s brick-and-mortar store in Seattle. Amazon Games announced on Twitter that the hard-to-get Nintendo Switch will be available at its Amazon Books stores in Seattle, San Diego and Portland. KIRO 7 News gave Amazon Books in U-Village a call about its stock. The store said it cannot release its inventory numbers, but it has enough consoles to last for hours. #NintendoSwitch available TODAY at #AmazonBooks stores in Seattle, San Diego, Portland! LIMITED SUPPLY. Store hours: https://t.co/fs1gLSe6hB pic.twitter.com/Lf9DyLldFh — Amazon Video Games (@amazongames) March 3, 2017 The store has the black, gray and neon colors. Gamers can also purchase “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild” game. Amazon followed a similar marketing strategy when the NES Classic was released last year.                  The $60 retro gaming console sold out virtually everywhere right before Christmas except for on eBay, where it was on sale for nearly three times the price.   Amazon Books sold the NES Classic in stores for one day, but a week later it also released the console on Amazon Prime. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Where to find the hard-to-get Nintendo Switch in Seattle on its launch day State Senate votes to ban holding phones while driving No arrests yet after Sikh man shot in Kent Renton police look for man who tried to lure 15-year-old into van Both directions of I-90 at Snoqualmie Pass reopens after closure News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Latest  Far West Chateau Sandbox 3-2-2017 South Bay Community Calendar 3-2-2017 Letters to the Editor 3-2-2017 SBBC Becker Surf contest photo gallery by Steve Gaffney The evolution of Britt’s BBQ Redondo Beach mayoral candidates offer angles on leadership Sandbox: Measure C will prevent the Redondo waterfront from turning into another Santa Monica [OPINION] Twitter Facebook RSS Home News Manhattan Beach Hermosa Beach Redondo Beach El Segundo Palos Verdes RSS Feed Redondo Beach mayoral candidates offer angles on leadership   by David Mendez Steve Aspel and Bill Brand are leading the race, aligned… Hermosa Beach police beat Burglary suspects arrested Hermosa Beach police officers arrested three people this week suspected of… Win or lose, Ungoco plans to be a fixture in Manhattan Beach politics by Ryan McDonald   In his relatively short time in Manhattan Beach, Joseph Ungoco… Sports Advertise with Us Best of the Beach Survey Business Directory Contact Us Digital Downloads Digital Magazine Flipbooks Drop Zone Easy Reader News in your Inbox Easy Reader Pick-up Locations Events Calendar Open House Directory Open Houses Facebook Comments FAQ Frank Hallstein, Sr. was long Hermosa Beach locksmith Hermosa Beach Real Estate Manhattan Beach Real Estate Obituary Announcement Form Order Cancelled Peninsula People Photo Archive Photo Contest Privacy Policy Proofed Images Real Estate Listings & Homes For Sale Redondo Beach Real Estate Search Results Shopping Cart Site Map Terms of Service Thanks Wedding Announcement Form Calendar RSS Feed Beach Cities Sports: Running, swimming, volleyball, wrestling and more Wrestling: Two Mira Costa wrestlers will be competing at the CIF State Championships Friday… Redondo Union, beaten soundly by Damien, still has hopes for state tourney by Paul Teetor There was only one good thing to say after the Redondo… Redondo swims to school’s first CIF title in girls water polo By Randy Angel The final chapter of the storybook season enjoyed by Redondo’s girls… Surfing Drop Zone El Niño 2016 Endless Session RSS Feed SBBC Becker Surf contest photo gallery by Steve Gaffney Surfers in the South Bay Boardriders Club Becker Surf contest made generally weak waves look good. Or maybe it was photographer Steve Gaffney who made the waves look good.… South Bay Boardriders Becker Surf contest in Manhattan Beach tests small wave surfing The decision to hold the SBBC Becker Surf Contest proved to be the right one, despite the small surf, which was blamed on the "Balzer Curse." Just days before the contest Balzer resigned as contest director from the club he founded in 2009. … Love Started With a Trip: A Week of Surf and Stories in Nicaragua by Morgan Sliff Love can be felt in many contexts.  Its sensations aren’t just… Dining Dining Guide Food & Drink Events alcohol craft beer Dining Farmers Market RSS Feed The evolution of Britt’s BBQ There are TV shows that involve inside looks at restaurant and hotel operations, and… Laurel Tavern keeps it simple: sandwiches, sides, and beers Twenty five years after they were invented, gastropubs are an institution rather than a… BEER BROS: Keepin’ it gangster, Rob Rubens Distillery and Brewery bottle release No secret passwords are necessary for Rob Rubens Distillery and Brewery speakeasy themed tasting… Entertainment No categories RSS Feed The Youngest Wraps Up West Coast Tour in Long Beach By Whitney Youngs “Central time will put you roughly in the right area,” explains… South Bay Contemporary heads North Beyond the Bubble Two South Bay artists set up shop on the other side… Jump on it! South Bay Film Society screens “Donald Cried” “Donald Cried” – film review by Bondo Wyszpolski Since it regularly sells out three… Opinion No categories RSS Feed Sandbox 3-2-2017 Sandbox Yes on C stops Mall by the Sea by Martin Holmes President, Rescue… Letters to the Editor 3-2-2017 H for the Homeless Dear ER: I write to ask for support for Measure… Sandbox: Measure C will prevent the Redondo waterfront from turning into another Santa Monica [OPINION] by Bill Brand Bill Brand is a Redondo Beach Councilman and candidate for mayor… Photos Video Events Open Houses Milestones Obituaries Best of the Beach 2017 Events Arts Events Chamber Events Comedy Events Farmers Market Film Events Food & Drink Events Music Sporting Events Advertisement  Added on March 3, 2017  Special Contributor  newsletter Sandbox: Yes on C stops Mall by the Sea [OPINION] Decrease Font Size Increase Font Size Text Size Print This Page Send by Email   Rescue Our Waterfront founders Martin Holmes, Nils Nehrenheim and Candace Nafissi, joined by Jim Light (center-right), announce their intention to submit an initiative to block the proposed Waterfront redevelopment project. Photo by David Mendez by Martin Holmes President, Rescue Our Waterfront The City of Redondo Beach is giving away our harbor for 99 years to build a risky, $400 million mall. If it succeeds, residents lose because traffic doubles adding 12,550 cars trips per day. If it fails, the City is stuck with a bankrupt mall to maintain. This is a lose-lose for residents. The City forfeits $3 million of annual harbor profit today for $250,000 annually from CenterCal. If the mall is successful, the City won’t make a profit for 16 to 23 years. If it is less successful, the City won’t see a profit ever.  CenterCal CEO Fred Bruning testified they have 65 Letters of Intent. Rent could increase to $10 a square foot per month. Most business pay $2 a square foot today and do not have a Letter of Intent – they may be forced to close.  Do you really think this mall will survive 99 years? If the mall succeeds, we still lose on quality of life. It doubles traffic with 12,550 additional daily car trips. The 524,000 square foot project is the size of five Walmarts (average 105,000 square feet). It builds a 700-seat movie theater, 120 room boutique hotel, over 100 stores and restaurants, and an additional 272,000 square foot parking garage. Although it doubles development, it only adds 7 percent more parking. If that’s not enough, the mall isn’t safe. The project paves over one-third of Seaside Lagoon, opening it to dangerously polluted harbor water deemed unhealthy by Heal the Bay and an independent water quality engineer. It builds a boat ramp at the most dangerous location in the harbor, a location opposed by harbor safety officials. It forces bicyclists to cross busy mall roads three times in a quarter of a mile. We can do better.  Yes on C establishes common-sense regulations to protect our quality of life and revitalize our waterfront. ·         Requires an accurate traffic analysis, preventing further gridlock ·         Protects public views ·         Prevents paving over public parkland ·         If changes are required to Seaside Lagoon, it ensures a safe replacement for our kids ·         Requires a safe, proper sized boat ramp, saving lives ·         Requires adequate parking and access for harbor recreation ·         Prohibits a giant parking garage in Ruby’s parking lot and new connector road Don’t believe $450,000 worth of CenterCal lies. Measure C won’t cost taxpayers $200 million and doesn’t require a $25 million pool. The city admitted there’s no factual basis for these fantasy costs. We don’t need a risky mall in order to upgrade our infrastructure and revitalize the pier. The two developers who competed against CenterCal both presented lower density, higher quality projects. There are many alternatives to fund balanced revitalization. A city consultant testified existing profit from the Harbor Enterprise can finance $54 million of infrastructure upgrades. The boat ramp can be funded by state grants since it meets state standards. Meanwhile commercial improvements can be funded through a public-private partnership. What’s our 2020 vision for a better Redondo waterfront? This is our only opportunity in 100 years to create the Redondo coastline we want. We should combine the pier, harbor, and power plant to develop a world-class waterfront, blending low-density commercial development with recreationally focused activities. If you spread the cost and revenue over a larger area, you can reduce density and still achieve a prosperous development. Whether we take a holistic or piecemeal approach, Measure C fosters a public-private partnership with countless options for responsible revitalization. Yes on C protects our quality of life by implementing common-sense regulations for waterfront improvements that don’t cost taxpayers anything.   Yes on C stops the Mall by the Sea!     comments so far. Comments posted to EasyReaderNews.com may be reprinted in the Easy Reader print edition, which is published each Thursday. by Special Contributor You must be logged in to post a comment Login Advertisement Advertisement Tags Art Barfly Beach Volleyball Best of the Beach Best of the Beach 2013: Dining Best of the Beach 2014 Best of the Beach 2014: Dining Best of the Beach 2015 Best of the Beach 2015 Dining best of the beach 2016 Best of the Beach: Dining Blue Zones Project Business Crime DBA Dirty Hippie Drop Zone Drop Zone LA El Segundo Endless Session feature Hermosa Beach High School Sports international surf festival Letters Letters to the Editor Manhattan Beach Movie Reviews Music Neely on Reels newsletter Notice On Local Government Palos Verdes People Public Notice Redondo Beach Restaurant Reviews running South Bay South Bronx to South Bay Theater the Nightlife Torrance Water Sports Top ↑ Sections Beach Magazine Dining Diving El Niño 2016 Endless Session Entertainment Events Legal Notices News Obituaries Opinion Paid Content Peninsula People Photos Sports Surfing Video Subscribe to our daily newsletter Daily News and Weekly Entertainment & Dining News delivered right to your inbox. We will never share your address. • Please enter your address, • Choose which newsletters you'd like to receive, • Select your preferred format, • Click Subscribe. Email Address Easy Reader Newsletters Daily News Weekly Entertainment & Dining News Preferred Format HTML Text More Search issues 1999-2009 Contact Us Pick-up Locations Advertise Homes Classifieds Legal Notices Digital Magazine Flipbooks ↑ Easy Reader News Log in - Designed by Jared Thompson  
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business X To continue reading this article, you must be a Globe Unlimited subscriber. Don't stop here. Go unlimited. A Globe Unlimited subscription also gives you: Full access to all our award-winning news articles and exclusive features Access and availability on all devices and platforms Real-time Stock Quotes that remove the 15-minute stock price delay on all Canadian stock portals Reuters Financial News providing key insights from the world's best economies and markets newsroom Subscribe to Globe Unlimited now! Already a print newspaper subscriber? Click here to get full access to Globe Unlimited. Already a Globe Unlimited subscriber? Log in to keep reading. Keep me logged in I forgot my password No Thanks Patrik Frisk, CEO of Aldo: “The marketplace is evolving very rapidly.” Christinne Muschi for The Globe and Mail ALDO’S REBOOT Aldo is feeling the heat as rivals and e-commerce rapidly transform the global shoe industry. To fight back, the company is spending big to overhaul its sales strategy as traffic in shopping malls retreats. But the shoe market is getting crowded and competition is fierce. Marina Strauss MONTREAL The Globe and Mail Last updated: Monday, Mar. 14, 2016 7:25AM EDT Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Comments It was an unprecedented day for footwear retailer Aldo Group Inc. On Dec. 10, the global shoe giant, whose Aldo and Call It Spring stores are a fixture in malls across the country, shut down its head office in Montreal for the day. Its new chief executive officer, Patrik Frisk, had called a town hall “rally” for its more than 1,000 employees at headquarters. Brandishing a relay baton, he instructed them to go back to their desks and draw up their 2016 goals for the company, in what he called GPS Day: Goal Planning Strategy Day. His own corporate goals are nothing short of transformational. With 1,655 stores in 98 countries, Aldo is feeling the effects of the changes that are rippling through the entire footwear retail sector: a drop in the number of shoppers heading to physical stores and more of them going to fast-growing, low-cost rivals as well as other fashion chains and department stores that are stocking more shoes, while e-commerce is stealing business from them all. Mr. Frisk, a veteran of the footwear and apparel wars, has drafted his own battle plan for the privately held Aldo, whose annual sales are estimated at $2-billion. And he has the backing of Aldo Bensadoun, the 76-year-old founder and executive chairman of his eponymous retailer (everyone calls him Mr. B) and son David Bensadoun, 45, who heads its big North American arm. “We needed to get on with it,” said Mr. Frisk, 53, clad in jeans, a sports jacket and a $180 pair of Aldo “Mr. B’s” oxford shoes. “The marketplace is evolving very rapidly. … I live by: ‘If you don’t grow, you die.’” As a mall-based retailer, Aldo counts on a steady flow of traffic to shopping centres to keep its business humming. But fewer people are heading to malls as more shoppers browse their computers and smartphones. The sliding traffic is stalling Aldo’s sales growth in its critical North American brick-and-mortar stores and forcing it to look elsewhere for a lift. Aldo feels the pressures in other ways. Fast-fashion players, such as Zara of Spain and H&M of Sweden, are expanding and carrying more footwear. Department stores and clothing chains are trying to draw more shoppers by bolstering their shoe departments. At the same time, e-commerce players, including shoe titan Zappos.com and its owner, the 800-pound gorilla Amazon.com Inc., are getting bigger. “It’s not easy,” said Peter Mangione, managing director of consultancy Global Footwear Partnerships in Washington, D.C., and former president of Footwear Distributors and Retailers of America. “At the moment, the real action and most of the [North American] growth has been on the Internet, not in shoe stores where Aldo operates. They can’t grow unless they take market share from others.” In Canada, where Aldo runs 331 stores (versus 469 in the U.S.), the problem is most acute in the bottom third of enclosed malls – so-called “C” malls with weak sales and traffic – where Aldo already is starting to get rent breaks and close or shrink underperforming stores, David Bensadoun said. Its stores in the top third of enclosed centres – “A” malls with more traffic and sales per square foot – are the best performers and worth investing in because they “are as important as ever,” he said. But its shops in the middle third of malls, the “B” malls, are “the question the whole retail industry is waiting to see what the answer will be.” In five years, there could be as few as 80 to 100 enclosed malls left in the country out of almost 140 today, with the remaining “C” malls featuring grocers and pharmacies and “very little fashion offering,” he said. “It’s clear there’s a major shake-up coming.” Shoes on display at the Aldo location in Toronto’s Yorkdale Shopping Centre. Darren Calabrese/for The Globe and Mail Cadillac Fairview Corp., one of the country’s largest enclosed-mall owners, shed six of its weakest centres in the past several years and now has 20 left (such as Toronto’s Eaton Centre) with Aldo an important tenant in them, said Russell Goin, Cadillac’s executive vice-president of operations. “Aldo is one of the retailers we would call out as being very savvy and seeing the trends much earlier than most people and reacting to them,” he said. “Those are tenants we want in our malls.” Mr. Frisk has mapped out a dramatic makeover for Aldo. In a cramped brick-and-mortar market, he is planning to close, shrink or relocate about a third of Aldo’s 800 North American stores while expanding online and overseas. And in an ironic twist, he is pushing to produce Aldo lines for a growing array of large retailers, the very ones that are nipping at Aldo’s heels. He’s borrowing from the playbook of VF Corp., where he was an executive for 10 years and spearheaded the revival of iconic Timberland footwear and apparel while helping bolster its North Face and Vans brands. At Aldo, he intends to use that know-how to transform its namesake, as well as its budget-priced Call It Spring, into must-have worldwide labels. Using VF as a model, he’s focusing more on wholesaling to other chains as more sales shift there, banking on bulking up on those sales even though gross margins in wholesaling can be half those in retailing. He is looking to acquire more brands or create new ones, aiming to double annual sales to $4-billion in five years or so. At a company known for long-serving head office staff, Aldo last year cut about 140 people among 1,200 at headquarters. It is hiring senior executives from key rivals such as Steven Madden Ltd. to introduce new branding and wholesaling skills. It now has openings for about 50 new positions. In the next five years, Aldo will pour more than $500-million into new systems, store renovations and staff development. It’s “premiumizing” Aldo – upgrading top stores and offerings while raising prices between 5 per cent and 10 per cent to help cover the costs, Mr. Frisk said. To further bolster the bottom line, it is scaling back the number of shoe offerings by 25 per cent – and another at least 10 per cent beyond that, he said. It will focus more on global styles and less on local ones: Seventy-five per cent of offerings will be global by next year compared with closer to 65 per cent today, he added. “It’s a complete restructure,” Mr. Frisk asserted. “It takes about three years to go through this work and there are no shortcuts.” A 2010 photo of Aldo Bensadoun, founder of Aldo. Christinne Muschi for The Globe and Mail Aldo’s evolution Aldo is no stranger to change, having adapted to new players and styles over the years even as other specialty rivals floundered. Mr. B started his shoe career in 1972 by running shoe concessions at Montreal-based fashion specialist Le Chateau Inc. By 1978, he launched his Aldo chain, generating savings by bypassing middlemen and sourcing products directly from Italian shoe makers. Today, Aldo is returning to its roots by again going directly to factories – mostly in Asia – after a period of having used more third-party go-betweens, Mr. Frisk said. “One of the things you do when you take over your own sourcing is you deal with fewer suppliers so you’re getting more power.” Over the years, Aldo stayed flexible even while a rash of footwear specialists such as Kinney Shoes faltered amid cheap Asian imports and the rise of discounters such as Payless ShoeSource Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. “Aldo in many ways reflects the echo of the shoe business 30 or 40 years ago in the United States when we had chains like Kinneys and Thom McAn, which were family shoe stores like Aldo which sold only their own brand,” Global Footwear consultancy’s Mr. Mangione said. “Payless just destroyed any value merchandising they could possibly do.” Aldo was agile in operating a host of chains under various banners to cater to different tastes, changing them as new trends emerged. Over the years, it ran FeetFirst (comfort shoes), Locale (upscale offerings,) StoneRidge (hip and urban), Little Burgundy (branded products) and others. Late last year, it sold Little Burgundy to Genesco Inc. as it moved to focus on its own global brands – Aldo and Call It Spring – and drop Canada-only chains. Some industry observers suggest Aldo will look to sell its Globo chain, which also carries some non-Aldo brands and is just in Canada. “It’s something we’re evaluating,” Mr. Frisk said. By 1993, Aldo had rolled out its first U.S. stores and, two years later, its first overseas. Aldo opened an unprecedented number of new stores in North America in the four years leading up to the 2008 recession, but “in general, you could say that retail in North America has not really ever gone back to the same kind of trajectory,” Mr. Frisk said. Now Aldo is beginning to prune its physical-store portfolio in North America, although more so in Canada because it hadn’t expanded as much beyond the best malls south of the border. “What happens if the traffic goes down another 5, another 10, another 15 per cent?” he asked. “Because right now nobody can tell – it’s in flux. We need to just be ready.” Shoppers walk past the Aldo store in Toronto’s Yorkdale Shopping Centre. Darren Calabrese for The Globe and Mail Changes in the marketplace David Bensadoun, who has been with Aldo for about 20 years, started to notice shoppers scaling back their trips to North American malls a few years ago. In 2014, shopper traffic to stores fell 7 per cent from a year earlier, with “continuing softness in 2015,” said Mark Ryski, founder of retail analytics firm HeadCount in Edmonton. It tracks a sample of a broad base of retailers across Canada. Traffic to some “B” and “C” malls is down as much as 10 per cent, Mr. Bensadoun estimated. “Over three years, these are big numbers and represent a strategic challenge for us.” Mr. Frisk added: “It’s something that a lot of retailers are going through right now. … In North America, there’s probably too much retail space.” The situation is better in “A” malls. They suffered traffic declines of 0.4 and 3.2 per cent in 2013 and 2014, respectively, but recovered with a 1.7-per-cent gain in 2015 amid a weak loonie that curbed cross-border shopping, said John Plainos, president of A1 Counting Solutions. In any case, fewer browsers can still yield higher sales. Consumers research online before coming to the store and make more focused purchases, said Kevin Kearns, chief revenue officer at ShopperTrak in Chicago. “Today, shoppers make fewer store visits, but because of technology, their trips are targeted and they arrive in-store prepared to buy. … Footwear retailers need to ensure that their associates [sales staff] are highly informed in order to meet customer needs.” Michael Turner, a senior vice-president at Oxford Properties Group whose “A” malls include Toronto’s Yorkdale Shopping Centre, said Oxford wants to own malls “where the Aldos of the world” are looking to operate. “The best assets will dominate and it will come at the expense of the other ones,” he ex-plained. “For retailers, it means they will have fewer stores, smaller footprints.” As the market changes, so are the companies. Consolidation is beginning to come to the fragmented shoe industry as U.S. heavyweights such as Steven Madden Ltd., Caleres Inc. (Famous Shoes, Sam Edelman, and Dr. Scholl’s), Wolverine World Wide Inc. (Sperry, Hush Puppies) and VF pick up more labels. Even the fickle tastes of consumers are shifting. Athletic styles – dubbed athleisure – are all the rage while Aldo, much like Steven Madden, specializes in high heels and loafers rather than sneakers. Nike Inc. has become such a compelling label that even David Bensadoun was wearing a pair of its Air Force 1 running shoes the day we met. The numbers bear out the trend: Last year, athletic shoe sales jumped 9.4 per cent to $1.7-billion in Canada, according to researcher NPD Group, prompting players such as Aldo and Steven Madden to add stylish running shoes to their offerings. In contrast, overall sales gains in the North American sector are slowing. In Canada, footwear sales grew more than 4 per cent to $6.8-billion last year, but that was down from almost a 7-per-cent increase the previous year, NPD says. In the coming years until 2019, the compound annual growth rate is expected to be just 3 per cent, says researcher Euromonitor International. E-commerce sales are rising in the double-digits but make up just 9 per cent of the total footwear business, NPD says. The trends are similar in the $65.6-billion (U.S.) American shoe market, although Euromonitor forecasts even slower growth at a 2-per-cent compound annual rate over the next four years. Men’s shoe lines are another strong point, with their sales up 10 per cent to $2.8-billion (Canadian) in Canada in 2015, as men become more fashion conscious. However, women’s footwear sales, which still make up the biggest chunk of the overall business, slipped 0.9 per cent to $3.4-billion, NPD says. Canadian consumers are spending more on sneakers, forcing retailers to adapt to changing tastes. Darren Calabrese for The Globe and Mail “I just think it is a challenging overall environment,” Ed Rosenfeld, CEO of Steven Madden, said in late February after the company met only the low end of its fourth-quarter profit target and released a cautious 2016 outlook. He noted that many retailers’ holiday sales “over all were not great. A lot of folks missed their sales plan. … The good news for us is that we believe we have been an outperformer with the vast majority of our big wholesale customers.” Amid the uncertainty, footwear retailers feel the pressure to step up their e-commerce capabilities as shoppers use their stores as “showrooms” to spot a style they like and find it cheaper online. Merchants “need to be able to be nimble,” said Nate Herman, a vice-president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association. They face e-commerce rivals such as Shoes.com that are aggressively expanding. “Everyone is probably trying to find a sweet spot and trying to get that perfect balance of Web and retail presence,” said Shoes.com chief exectuive officer Roger Hardy, whose company acquired the operation from Caleres (then Brown Shoe Co.) in late 2014. Shoes.com plans to launch five brick-and-mortar stores in 2016 to spotlight key styles, he said. Staff will serve champagne to customers at special events. As well, shoe retailers are branching out into apparel because footwear purchases often are driven by consumers’ clothing choices, Mr. Herman said. And wholesalers are moving into retailing to cover all bases, he said. “Everything is blending.” But blending businesses can pinch profit margins. For example, in its fourth quarter, Steven Madden reported a 62.3-per-cent gross margin in its retail division but just 28.2 per cent in its wholesale arm, resulting in an overall 36.1-per-cent margin (although still up 1.8 percentage points from a year earlier). Department stores are stocking more footwear. Hudson’s Bay boosted its space for women’s shoes by more than 50 per cent a few years ago in its downtown Toronto flagship store. Its sister Saks Fifth Avenue store, which opened next door in February, displays 1,000 pairs of women’s shoes and keeps 15,000 pairs in its backroom. At U.S.-based Nordstrom Inc., which is expanding in Canada, 23 per cent of its overall sales are footwear. Specialty rivals aren’t standing still. U.S. discounter DSW Inc. arrived in Canada a few years ago after buying 40 per cent of Town Shoes Ltd., which also owns the no-frills Shoe Company and Shoe Warehouse. With 55 mainstream Town Shoes and about 125 discount outlets, the company is pushing even more into low-cost retailing while closing some of its Town Shoes stores, CEO Bruce Dinan said. “If the marketplace is going to slow down, we’re going to continue to try to steal market share from others.” Aldo’s Mr. Frisk: “I live by: ‘If you don’t grow, you die.’” Christinne Muschi for The Globe and Mail Aldo’s reboot A marathon runner, biker and skier, Mr. Frisk is following a similar path at Aldo that he took with Timberland. Its customer research found that rather than focus on a utilitarian outdoor shopper, Timberland could reach a wider following among consumers looking for stylish outdoor fashions. At Aldo, Mr. Frisk’s team gathered data on its key customers, whom he calls Style Seekers. They want trendy, but not necessarily cutting-edge, fashion. They buy one in six pairs of their shoes at Aldo but “we weren’t selling them enough,” he said. He aims to double that to two pairs in six. His research found that consumers expect to find Aldo products not just in its own stores but online and in other retailers where rival labels, such as Franco Sarto and Sam Edelman, are sold. Already, Aldo supplies Nordstrom, Hudson’s Bay, Zappos, Amazon and others. Early feedback is encouraging. Camille Ewing, a shoe buyer at Zappos, said the Aldo line “is one of our most competitive contemporary fashion brands.” But Aldo’s research also found that its shoppers are confused by too many shoe offerings. Mr. Frisk is moving to cut the number of products but add more men’s shoes because those sales are robust. He’s paring down the number of suppliers Aldo uses, gaining better terms and clout. And he’s embarking on a major information technology project, rolling out a SAP system. He is restructuring the company internally according to geography – North America and international – rather than type of retail (corporately owned and franchised). The North American business, which now makes up about two-thirds of overall sales, will represent just 50 per cent of sales in five years, he predicts. The international business, which is almost all franchised and makes up about one-third of sales today, will represent about half. In the process, wholesaling sales are targeted to jump to 35 per cent of overall revenue from just 15 per cent. And e-commerce, which makes up about 10 per cent of North American sales, is aimed to grow 15 per cent annually in the next five years. Sophie Grégoire-Trudeau sported an Aldo bag during this week's state visit in Washington, D.C. Jim Lo Scalzo/Getty Images In North America, even though fewer shoppers are coming to stores, Aldo is focused on getting each of them to purchase more. Mall stores’ rate of converting browsers to buyers is generally between 10 and 20 per cent and “ours was at the low end,” Mr. Bensadoun said. In a bid to clinch a sale rather than lose it to a rival, Aldo is designing its store of the future with digital screens and tablets to provide shoppers with ideas of matching up clothing with shoe styles, he said. As well, Aldo staff digitally order out-of-stock shoes for shoppers in the store. And the retailer is training sales staff to bring a second pair of shoes to shoppers when they ask to try on another pair – fetching, for instance, a best-selling flat sandal that matches the style of the pump they picked. On the international front, sales are growing fast, although 2015 was challenging in some markets, especially the Middle East, because of foreign exchange swings, the drop in oil prices and political unrest, Mr. Frisk said. The company will look at entering new markets such as Brazil and Japan. As for succession, Mr. B still comes into the office most days but David seems to be the leader-in-waiting. Douglas Bensadoun, his younger brother and chief creative officer, took a one-year sabbatical late last year and is reconsidering his career path while launching a startup, David said. Rumours of a sale of Aldo or initial public offering keep emerging. The retailer “is absolutely not for sale,” David asserted. “And we’re never going public.” Would he entertain the idea of taking the CEO job once Mr. Frisk has set down a solid foundation? “Sure, if the time is right for the business and for the family, why not?” But first he needs to learn the part from Mr. Frisk, who needs to reinvent the company for the changing times. Report Typo/Error Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News 114th North American International Toy Fair Shatters Records, Unveils Ground-Breaking Toys & Connects Global Industry Players NEW YORK, March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Toy Industry Association’s (TIA) 114th North American International Toy Fair brought 31,133 global play lovers to New York City last week to preview hundreds of thousands of ground-breaking toys and games. The largest toy marketplace ever held in the Western Hemisphere, Toy Fair 2017 boasted a record-breaking 444,309 net square feet of exhibit space – the equivalent of nearly eight football fields filled with toys. The show was held Saturday, February 18 – Tuesday, February 21 at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. Toy Fair’s upbeat atmosphere matched a burgeoning U.S. toy market, which grew 5 percent in sales last year. Eager to see the latest trends in toys, games, and youth entertainment products, 14,176 retailers, wholesalers, entertainment executives, importers, buying groups, and trade guests from 96 countries were in attendance. The show drew notable increases in attendees from outside the U.S., including international buyers (+10.9 percent year-over-year) and trade guests (+33.1 percent), as well as foreign press (+17.2 percent). The top five countries represented at the show, not including the U.S. and Canada, were China, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Mexico, and Japan. Toy Fair had 1,131 toy companies of all types and sizes showcase new product lines and key drivers for holiday in front of 10,276 (+2.4 percent) mass and specialty buyers, including delegations from 4,000 unique retail outlets and 22 of the nation’s top 25 toy sellers, such as Amazon.com, American Girl, Build-A-Bear Workshop, Costco, CVS, Disney Store, Target, Toys”R”Us, and Walmart. Buyer attendance from brick-and-mortar outlets grew 9.2 percent. Licensing executives from Amazon Studios, Cartoon Network, Disney Consumer Products, HBO, Lions Gate Entertainment, Marvel, Nickelodeon, Nintendo, Sesame Workshop, SONY Pictures, Warner Bros. Consumer Products, and others were also on-site to scout new trends and forge licensing agreements with toymakers. All attendees enthusiastically explored a vast array of skill-building toys and games, ranging from cutting edge robotics, drones, and active toys, to classic playthings like dolls, plush, and board games.  “Toy Fair 2017 was a resounding success for our members’ businesses! The booths and aisles were abuzz with excitement and optimism, as the toy community continues to impress, innovate, and leverage technology, bringing new toys and games to market that enrich the lives of families everywhere,” says Steve Pasierb, president & chief executive at the Toy Industry Association. “This year’s show opened doors for American toymakers to new and emerging markets around the world, brought exciting trends and play experiences to life, and unveiled inventions from talented inventors and entrepreneurs. Toy Fair is truly THE epicenter of toys and games and a show unlike any other in the world.” “From first-time exhibitors in our new ‘Launch Pad’ section, to veteran toymakers that have been exhibiting at Toy Fair for decades, the diversity of companies represented at the show continues to draw an enormous international crowd of play professionals to New York City,” adds Marian Bossard, senior vice president of global market events at the Toy Industry Association.  “Our vast range of attendees were there to build new relationships, forge deals, and enjoy a range of practical educational sessions that provided insight into global safety standards, toy trends, licensing, specialty retail, entrepreneurship, and much more.” Toy Fair 2017 also welcomed 1,016 global print journalists, broadcast reporters, and bloggers to report on the top toy trends for 2017 – including Collectibles 2.0, Up & Active, Technology Trends, Oh So Classic!, Movie Mania, and STEAM to STREAM. Top-tier media outlets represented at Toy Fair included ABC, CBS, NBC Today Show, CNBC, CNN, Fox 5, The New York Times, The New Yorker, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, Newsday, Mashable, Good Housekeeping, and The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. “Toy Fair 2017 was my first trade show, and it’s going to be a tough act to follow,” says Morgan Clark, owner/creator of Butterflymachine and a first-time exhibitor at the show.  “The ‘Launch Pad’ area was blowing up – it was like we just stood there and the entire toy industry came to us!  We had the opportunity to talk with an unbelievable variety of industry professionals who were genuinely interested in our products.  And, we got answers to questions we didn’t even know to ask.  Toy Fair has been like rocket fuel for our little business.” Robert Lubeck, CEO of Brackitz, says exhibiting at Toy Fair proved to be a “great experience and success” for his company. “We’re currently in the midst of following up with hundreds of leads that we’d otherwise not have if it weren’t for the show,” says Lubeck. “This includes meetings with retailers, opinion leaders, and even the press. These face-to-face meetings are invaluable for our business and TIA was an incredible host. We look forward to participating next year.” “We look forward to New York Toy Fair every year as it offers us one of the greatest combinations of media opportunities and interested buyers,” adds Andrew Quartin, CEO of Thames & Kosmos. “Thanks to the Toy Industry Association, the 2017 Toy Fair will go down as one of the best ones ever.” Target’s senior vice president of hardlines, Scott Nygaard, says his team “always finds great products at Toy Fair, and this year was no exception.” “Items that can help inspire creativity and learning in kids had an especially strong showing,” says Nygaard. “And if we think about our guest, they continue to get excited about toys and games designed to bring families together. Collectability, especially in key licensed properties, is another trend that stood out, and one that will continue to come to life in a meaningful way this year at Target.” The global toy industry will come together once again next year at the 115th North American International Toy Fair, taking place Saturday, February 17 – Tuesday, February 20 at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. Save the date for TIA’s long-lead fall marketplace, Fall Toy Preview, taking place October 3-5, 2017 in Dallas, TX. About the North American International Toy Fair    www.toyfairny.com  Toy Fair is an annual event that is produced by the Toy Industry Association. The largest toy trade show in the Western Hemisphere, Toy Fair takes place each February at the Jacob K. Javits Center in New York City. The show brings together more than 1,100 exhibiting manufacturers, distributors, importers, and sales agents to showcase hundreds of thousands of toys and youth entertainment products to 30,000 retailers, wholesalers, entertainment executives, importers, buying groups, media outlets, and trade guests from nearly 100 countries.  About the Toy Industry Association     www.toyassociation.org / www.thegeniusofplay.org  Founded in 1916, the Toy Industry Association™, Inc. is the not-for-profit trade association representing all businesses involved in creating and delivering toys and youth entertainment products for kids of all ages. Over the past 100 years, TIA has led the health and growth of the toy industry, and today its 950+ members account for an estimated 90% of the annual $26 billion U.S. domestic toy market. The Association serves as the industry’s voice on the cognitive, physical, social, emotional, and creative benefits of play, and promotes play’s positive impact on childhood development to consumers and media. TIA has a long history of leadership in toy safety, having helped develop the first comprehensive toy safety standard more than 40 years ago, and remains committed to working with medical experts, government, consumers, and industry on ongoing programs to ensure safe and fun play. SOURCE Toy Industry Association CategoriesUncategorized TagsAmerican Football, Business, Companies, company, Entertainment, front, Health, Industry, Markets, mortar, Movies, Nation, Not For Profit, post, rocket, section, Space, Technology, Trade Show News, veteran, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kaspersky Lab Retains Secure Testing Top Spot in its Annual TOP3 Metric Next PostNext Talcum Powder Lawsuit News: FDA Funds Research to Investigate Ovarian Cancer Risk from Cosmetic Talc, Bernstein Liebhard LLP Reports Search Recent Posts Auriant Mining AB (publ) announces Kara-Beldyr resources update Auriant Mining AB (publ) publicerar uppdateringar om Kara-Beldyr-fyndigheten The 2017 Digital Edge 50 Award honors Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise Connected Products and Big Data Initiative SMi release exclusive interview ahead of Paediatric Clinical Trials: Senior Statistical Scientist from Roche Limited DataBank Is Excited to Announce Their Partnership With Hyperfish Proudly powered by WordPress
Monday, March 6, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS 2 arrested trying to buy iPhones with fake cards Friday, March 3, 2017 Two people were arrested after using fake credit cards at the Verizon store in Lehighton. COPYRIGHT LARRY NEFF/SPECIAL TO THE TIMES NEWS ‹ Prev 1 of 3 Next › By Terry Ahner tahner@tnonline.com Two people face charges after they attempted to buy iPhones with fraudulent credit cards from the Verizon store in Mahoning Township. Rahsean Jackson, 30, of the Bronx, New York, and Jessica Walter, 34, of Berwick, were both taken into custody Thursday afternoon. According to the affidavit of probable cause filed by Mahoning Township Police Chief Audie Mertz, he was dispatched to the Verizon store in the Carbon Plaza parking lot at 1:31 p.m., where Verizon workers reported that a woman was attempting to buy multiple iPhones with multiple credit cards. When Mertz entered the store, employees pointed to the customer, who began to walk at a fast pace toward the exit. Mertz asked the woman to stop, but she ran across the lot and got in the driver’s seat of a Toyota Yaris with a Texas registration. She had a wallet and phone in her hand as she ran. As Mertz approached, the woman, identified as Walter, shouted to the front-seat passenger, who got out of the car. Mertz grabbed the man, identified as Jackson, and told him to stop, but he pulled away and ran from him. Mertz placed Walter in custody while she was in the car. The wallet and phone she had in her hand were thrown onto the passenger seat. Mertz detected an odor of marijuana inside the car. Mertz checked the wallet for identification, and found numerous credit cards of the same brand, in addition to a photo ID with Walter’s name on it. Mertz had the car towed to the police station for processing. Verizon employees told Mertz that Walter had made purchases of phones at other Verizon stores using fraudulent credit cards. The Lehighton Verizon store had received a picture of Walter from the Mount Pocono store. Fake cards Jackson was caught a short distance from the store by officer Amie Barclay of Mahoning Township, officer Gabe Szozda of Lehighton, and Detective Lee Marzen of Jim Thorpe, who was off duty. Jackson had a wallet and an iPhone on him when he was caught. The wallet had five counterfeit credit cards, with different account numbers stamped on them in the name Jessica Walter. The cards were checked and there were no accounts in her name. Jackson had a forged Pennsylvania driver’s license in her name with a photograph of a woman who was not Walter. The license purported to have a Berwick address with Walter’s date of birth. There were three gift cards labeled visa.gowallet.com. One of these cards was used to purchase MoneyGram orders from Walmart, the same MoneyGrams found during the search of the car. Jackson said that he met Walter online and that she picked him up at the Knights Inn. They drove around for a bit and that when he saw the police, he ran. Jackson did not say how the fake ID and five blank credit cards got into his wallet, but said that Walter must have put them in there when he was in the car. More counterfeit cards Jackson got irritated and refused to speak. A search warrant on the vehicle turned up a single packet of suspected heroin on the passenger door stamped “SKY.” An empty cigarette pack contained two additional counterfeit cards in Walter’s name and three packets of rolling papers. Jackson’s jacket on the rear passenger seat contained two MoneyGram orders in the amount of $498 each with receipts from the Lehighton Walmart at 1:25 p.m. Thursday. Documents from Virginia belonging to Jackson dated Feb. 14 were found on the front seat, as were three Visa Gift cards in a Hallmark bag. Inside Walter’s purse, Mertz found a New York state driver’s license with her picture identifying her as Aryaa Hemant Achrekar of Astoria, New York. a receipt from a Bloomsburg Verizon store dated Feb. 27, a Samsung Tablet, a grinder with suspected marijuana residue, and business cards from Verizon stores from Nazareth Highway, Easton; Shenandoah; Scranton; Pottsville; Palmer Park Mall, Easton; Secaucus, New Jersey; Mount Pocono; and Berwick, as well as a board of probation parole letter in Walter’s name. Mertz also found three counterfeit access device cards in the name of Jessica Walter. The cards were checked and they contained no accounts in the name of Jessica Walter. There was a business card for the Verizon store in East Stroudsburg, and a receipt from Subway in Secaucus, New Jersey, dated March 1. Also, two iPhones were found on the front seat of the car; Jackson identified one as his, and the other, as Walters’. A receipt from the Port Authority dated Feb. 28 was found on the floor; a Verizon receipt for Walter from the Shenandoah Verizon store dated Feb. 26; and a receipt in the glovebox dated Feb. 22 from a store in New York, New York, in Jackson’s name. Mertz then spoke with Walter, who said she obtains the cards from a man in New York who makes them, and that she has seen him use the card-making machine and knows its location. Mertz spoke with Jackson, who said he has a heroin habit, and had no knowledge of the cards in his wallet. He denied knowing how they got there, and said the three gift cards in his possession were obtained from girlfriends, and he used them to buy the MoneyGram orders to fund his drug habit. While searching the trunk, Mertz found a black purse, which Jackson said was in there when he picked the rental up, and he was going to return it but didn’t get to yet. The purse did not appear connected to the theft. Jackson faces charges on 11 counts of criminal conspiracy, identity theft; 11 counts of access device fraud; and one count each of forgery; criminal conspiracy - forgery; identity theft; criminal conspiracy - identity theft; and unlawful possession of a controlled substance. Walter faces charges on 11 counts of criminal conspiracy - identity theft; 11 counts of credit cards - access device fraud; three counts of identity theft; two counts of forgery; and one count each of criminal conspiracy - forgery; criminal conspiracy - identity theft; and possession of drug paraphernalia. They are both lodged in the Carbon County Correctional Facility in lieu of $75,000 straight bail. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Grow Your Business - Advertise on ParamusPost.com! Login Log In to The Paramus Post - Greater Paramus News and Lifestyle Webzine Please enter your user name and password below. Login Forgot Password No Account Yet? Sign Up! Tuesday, March 07 2017 @ 04:20 AM EST Tuesday, March 07 2017 @ 04:20 AM EST HOME NEWS EVENTS FREE SUBSCRIPTION PARTICIPATE Command and Control News Release Guidlines Submit Story Add Event Letter to Editor CONTACTS Send Article or Press Release Contact Paramus Post LOGIN HOME NEWS EVENTS FREE SUBSCRIPTION PARTICIPATE Command and Control News Release Guidlines Submit Story Add Event Letter to Editor CONTACTS Send Article or Press Release Contact Paramus Post Paramus, NJ 39℉ Calling all workers and comrades! by Post Friday, March 03 2017 @ 10:54 AM EST Posted in News & Views The fight for a living wage continues and we will not stop 'til we get it! On Saturday March 4th at 1:00pm-3:00pm the 15 Now Greater Bergen Local is having their second protest at the Teterboro Walmart, located on 20 Teterboro Landing Dr, Teterboro, NJ 07608. We are gathering in front of the Texas Roadhouse and BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse, on Industrial Ave, Teterboro, NJ. Let us take to the streets and make our voices heard, to remind the public that the minimum wage won’t change unless we get involved. If our elected officials think we are going to let them get away with this, they are wrong! We must hold them accountable for poor decision making, lack of responsibility, empathy, and accountability. Their failure to put this issue on the ballot has driven people further into poverty and put them into dire straits. This year we will be electing a new state government, we must elect representatives who have the interest of the working class first, we are the ones that shoulder the burden and keep things from collapsing, and without us they have nothing. We will not accept in any way, shape, or form loopholes or exceptions. Our demands will not sit still and we are preparing to join 15 Now NJ to make a major announcement on April 1st about new initiatives that we will take in 2017 to advocate for the people who make our society function. Debra Sousa-Oliveira Lamego from Kearny, NJ Organizer for 15NowNJ and Hudson County Green Party, speaks about life without a living wage “I have been a long-time retail worker and done many jobs in the past that paid as close to the minimum wage as they could. They expect you to work hard and to be on call. They have no regards for the employee’s personal responsibilities, health, wellbeing and family. They will squeeze the most work out of you in a short period and drive you to quit. Most employers don’t thank or recognize the hard work that their employees do for them. I am tired of living with the constant fear of becoming homeless. No one should be living with economic insecurity! We must demand a living wage, because what they are giving us are starvation wages! Enough is enough we will no longer accept what they are giving us.” We welcome everyone to join us. Remember, the people united will never be defeated! Advertisement Advertisement Share It! What's Related More by Post More from News & Views Story Options Mail Story to a Friend Subscribe to 'The Paramus Post' Calling all workers and comrades! 0 comments Login required to comment Newest First Oldest First Flat Nested No Comments Threaded Refresh Comments Newest First Oldest First Flat Nested No Comments Threaded Refresh Advertisement Top 10 Stories in 30 Days Hackensack University Medical Center Opens a Patient-Centered, State-of-the-Art Multiple Sclerosis Center Crystalline Cure’s Crystal 101 Workshop With Instructor Amanda-Rachel Joseph Simunovich Honored by the New Jersey Hospital Association as a Healthcare Leader Horizon’s New Chief Medical Officer to Focus on Empowering Patients and Engaging Physicians to Transform Healthcare THE MILLS AT JERSEY GARDENS HOSTS PRESIDENTS’ DAY SUPER SALE WEEKEND WITH “HUGE” SAVINGS FEBRUARY 17 – 20 Greater Essex and Hudson County Elementary School Students Present Disney Musicals in Schools Student Share Celebration SOHN CONFERENCE FOUNDATION GRANT SUPPORTS GROUNDBREAKING NEUROBLASTOMA CLINICAL TRIAL AT HACKENSACK UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER Valley Physicians Well-Represented in “Bergen County’s Top Doctors” List Ramapo College of New Jersey Becomes Host for America’s SBDC New Jersey Bergen County’s Small Business Development Center New Jersey Entrepreneurs’ Organization (EO) Names Rutgers University Student Regional Winner in Global Student Entrepreneur Awar Advertisement Recent News Verismo Opera Announces Casting for Supernumeraries and Openings for Volunteers Paramus Chef Wins Regional Competition Bergenfield, N.J. Sailor reflects on 75th Anniversary of World War II CHEVYS FRESH MEX LAUNCHES QUESADILLA MADNESS MENU Complimentary Cardiac and Concussion Screenings hosted by JSMC and Morahan Center THE 24th ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL RESTAURANT & FOODSERVICE SHOW OF NEW YORK OPENS SUNDAY AT THE JAVITS CENTER New Jersey Entrepreneurs’ Organization (EO) Names Rutgers University Student Regional Winner in Global Student Entrepreneur Awar Newark Museum Celebrates Women's History Month College Enjoys “Vibrant” Art Scene HACKENSACKUMC FITNESS & WELLNESS POWERED BY THE GIANTS HOSTS FREE COMMUNITY HEALTH FAIR ON SATURDAY, MARCH 11 Advertisement Trinity Presbyterian Church Join the purpose driven church exercising faith, hope, and love because nothing else matters... www.TrinityFamily.org Spivak Lighting Lamp Repairs, Chandeliers, Track Lighting, Outdoor Lamps, Recess Lighting, Paddle Fans, Consultation www.spivaklighting.com StoneMicro Web Technologies Dynamic Website Development, Content Management System, Blogs, Web design, Web hosting services www.StoneMicro.com Sponsor ParamusPost Copyright © 2017 The Paramus Post - Greater Paramus News and Lifestyle Webzine AdChoices
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Costco to raise membership fees as higher costs… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Jail for mental-health holds Aurora child sex trafficker Ashley Mead murder case Bad Airbnb host Mother and child reunion A night of survival Business Retail Costco to raise membership fees as higher costs take toll on profit The fee increase, which takes effect June 1, will bring U.S. and Canada memberships to $60, up $5 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Dow Jones Newswires PUBLISHED: March 3, 2017 at 9:34 am | UPDATED: March 3, 2017 at 1:13 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Dobby the baby giraffe comes out of Denver Zoo’s giraffe house for first time Broncos seeking a difference-maker tight end, a bevy of athletic draft prospects make their case Why free-agent guard Kevin Zeitler will “break the bank,” where DeMarcus Ware may land, more Republicans in Maine, Utah want Trump to undo national monuments Fact check: Trump’s evidence for Obama wiretap claims relies on sketchy, anonymously sourced reports Colorado constituents vs. a cardboard cutout of Sen. Cory Gardner (6 letters) Costco Wholesale Corp. is raising membership fees—the retailer’s main profit driver—as profits slowed more than expected during the holiday quarter. The fee increase, which takes effect June 1 and affects about 35 million members, would bring U.S. and Canada memberships to $60, up $5. Executive memberships will increase to $120, up $10, while the reward cap will increase from $750 to $1,000. In recent months, Costco executives have said to expect a fee increase, a move it makes about every five years, last doing so in late 2011. On Thursday, Costco said sales rose 3 percent in stores open at least a year, a sign of strength for the Issaquah, Wash., warehouse chain, though lower than the 3.6 percent increase that analysts forecast. RJ Sangosti, The Denver PostCustomer shop during the opening day for the Costco Business Center in Denver, June 01, 2016. The Costco Business Center is smaller than a typical Costco and features items geared specifically toward business customers. The facility is one of only a dozen nationwide. Profit also grew less than investors expected at $1.17 a share, largely due to higher gas prices and investments on digital efforts and price cuts, company executives said during a call with investors. Gasoline accounts for around 10% of total company sales, finance chief Richard Galanti said. Shares, which set a record on Wednesday, fell 4.3 percent to $170.40 in after-hours trading Thursday. Costco has been a bright spot in a retail landscape struggling with changing consumer behavior and fierce competition, its healthy sales showing that shoppers are still willing to walk into stores that offer good deals. The second-largest U.S. retailer by revenue, behind Wal-Mart Stores Inc., and one of the largest fuel retailers in the country, Costco makes most of its money from membership fees, not sales. That steady source of revenue allows Costco to even out sales ups and downs and offer the type of discounts for which it is best known, including large-screen TVs and food in bulk. Foot traffic to stores rose 2 percent in the quarter and the average amount spent increased 1 percent. The flow of shoppers slowed slightly in the quarter because Costco has begun to offer fewer coupons, instead lowering prices consistently on more products, said Galanti. Price competition between retailers, especially for food items, has become heated. Target Corp. said earlier this week it will spend billions to lower prices and create more of an “everyday low price” image among shoppers. Kroger Co. said Thursday its same-store sales fell and that it plans further price cuts. Wal-Mart last week reported strong sales, noting that its investments to lower prices seem to be working. Costco’s efforts to reduce prices aren’t in response to competitors’ moves, said Mr. Galanti. In the latest period, membership fees rose 5.5 percent to $636 million. Overall, second-quarter profit fell 5.7 percent  to $515 million. Revenue rose to $29.77 billion, up 5.7 percent, the highest increase since November 2014 Tags:  Costco More Business News Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Retail Denver finalizes incentives deal for Target on 16th Street Mall March 06, 2017, 9:31 pm The Denver City Council on Monday approved a transfer of $4 million to pay for an incentives deal to help lure an urban Target store to the 16th Street Mall. Colorado startup wants to prevent surplus food from ending up at the dump March 06, 2017, 5:50 pm A Colorado Springs startup hopes to dramatically reduce the surplus food grocery stores, distributors and restaurants buy and then throw away. Gordmans stores is said to prepare for bankruptcy filing March 06, 2017, 5:33 pm Gordmans Stores, a Midwestern department-store chain founded more than a century ago, is preparing to file for bankruptcy, according to people familiar with the matter. Pinball gets a replay at The Flipside, a new barcade in Loveland March 06, 2017, 1:22 pm Two Windsor residents plan to open The Flipside, a barcade featuring a variety of pinball machines, in downtown Loveland this summer. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Business March 3, 2017 8:15 AM These rattles have been making babies gag —and now they’re being recalled At least 680,000 Oball baby rattles have been recalled in the United States after some toys reportedly broke. i By Chris Cioffi ccioffi@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Parents give kids rattles to keep them occupied, but a new warning advises consumers to immediately take certain rattles away from their young children. At least 680,000 Oball baby rattles have been recalled in the U.S. after some toys reportedly broke and caused young children to gag. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission announced the recall Friday, saying that the firm received 42 reports of the toy’s plastic disc breaking and releasing small beads. Two of the reports said that beads were found in children’s mouths and three said that children gagged on them, according to the commission’s release. The toys were sold for $5 to $7 between January 2016 through February 2017 at Target, Walgreens, Walmart and online retailers including Amazon, Babyhaven.com, Diapers.com, ToysRUs.com, and Walgreens.com. Recalled Oball Rattles include pink, blue, green and orange models with the number 81031 printed on the inner surface of one of the plastic discs and on the packaging, the release said. The balls are 4 inches in diameter, and have 28 finger holes. Embedded in the rattles are a clear plastic disc with all orange beads and two clear plastic discs with beads of varying colors on the perimeter. Rattles included in the recall have the date codes T0486, T1456, T2316, T2856 and T3065 located on a small triangle on the inner surface of the rattle, the release said. For more information, contact Kids II, the company that makes the Oball, at 877-243-7314 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday. Kids II can also be reached online at kidsii.com. For more information, click on “Recalls” at the bottom of the page. In addition to the 680,000 sold in the U.S., 17,000 were sold in Canada, the CPSC release said. Chris Cioffi: 919-829-4802, @ReporterCioffi Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:37 Video of alleged racial harassment, confrontation at Wake Forest High goes viral Pause 2:06 NC State's Abu: We see each other as family 0:11 Wake Forest High students chant "Bring Micah Back" to support suspended classmate 6:19 Roy Williams: 'A little more effort and a little more intelligence' 1:59 ACC's Swofford excited about ACC Tournament in Brooklyn, NY 1:09 68 Seconds of Dadgum Roy 1:34 NAACP rally calls on Price for town hall meeting 0:12 Top recruit Zion Williamson throws down vicious dunk 1:19 Pitmaster Ed Mitchell explains his passion for barbecue 1:17 Nathan Holden found guilty of murdering in-laws Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Two ways Trump proposes to change America's healthcare 2:35 5 days ago Two ways Trump proposes to change America's healthcare 1:05 5 days ago UNC Rex opens new heart center 0:52 6 days ago Pooch a little paunchy? Here's a place to help him, and you, get in shape View more video Today's Market Nasdaq Powered by Barchart Business Southern Season vendors asked to refund paid bills to bankruptcy court Facebook founder, CEO Mark Zuckerberg to speak at NC A&T Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier Surgical robot maker TransEnterix posts small 4Q revenue GM sheds money drain, gains cash with sale of European unit Editor's Choice Videos Raleigh Top Jobs Electrical Systems Technology Instructor/Program Coordinator Principals Lynchburg City Schools View All Top Jobs Search Jobs Powered by Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Costco will hike membership fees in Canada and U.S. this June By Pete Evans, CBC News Posted: Mar 03, 2017 9:29 AM ET Last Updated: Mar 06, 2017 9:36 AM ET Costco will hike its annual membership fees this summer. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Related Stories Walmart to stop taking Visa in Canadian stores Costco Canada to stop accepting American Express cards Costco will charge shoppers in Canada and the U.S. an extra $5 or $10 for an annual membership after the big box retailer posted financial results that disappointed Wall Street. The chain, which has 94 locations across Canada, announced late Thursday that starting in June 1, a regular "gold star" membership will now cost an extra $5 in the local currency to $60 in the U.S. and Canada. An executive membership, which comes with discounts and benefits, will be bumped up $10 to $120 a year. The chain last hiked its membership fees in 2011. Costco had almost 87 million members at the end of its last fiscal year, including about 10 million in Canada. Worldwide, they collectively paid more than $2.6 billion US for the right to shop at the stores — more than the company made in profits last year. The brand is especially strong in Canada, with same-store sales increasing 8 per cent last year being a major reason why the chain plans to expand to 7 more stores this year, saysSylvain Charlebois, a professor of food distribution at Dalhousie University in Halifax. "Given its solid success over the last few years in Canada, higher membership fees won't change much of anything," he said. The second largest bricks-and-mortar retailer in the world behind Walmart, Costco has grown steadily by luring people in the door with rock bottom prices for necessities but then getting them to impulse buy, Bloomberg analyst Jennifer Bartaschus said. Customers urged to get immunized after hepatitis found in Costco frozen fruit "Treasure-hunt finds, such as a designer brand or one-of-a-kind item the warehouse usually doesn't stock, encourage impulse buys and draw customers to the store more often," she said in a note. Despite the fee hike, most members will likely stay with the chain, as Costco enjoys a 90 per cent renewal rate every year with members — especially executive members who pay more for access but also buy more. If there's one market segment where Costco is vulnerable, Bartaschus said, it's with millennials. "Rival retailers, such as Walmart, offer bulk sizes and online shopping, as well as grocery click-and-collect, catering to millennials seeking convenience," she said. "Costco's strategy has focused on bulk sales and in-store shopping." The company also made headlines in recent years in a high-profile dispute with credit card companies over fees. American Express used to be the only credit card that Costco would accept, but since 2015, those cards are no longer accepted, while MasterCard is now accepted in store, and Visa cards can now be used for online purchases. Corrections An earlier version of this story said Costco accepts Visa cards in Canada. In fact, MasterCard is the only credit card accepted in Canadian stores, but Visa can be used online. Mar 03, 2017 11:45 AM ET Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Latest Business Headlines Tax court judge attended party hosted by law firm linked to KPMG March 06, 5:54 PM ET Oil glut now, but in 3 years it could be over and prices could spike March 06, 3:53 PM ET TFSAs a growing investor focus as housing market jitters spread in semi-annual Manulife survey March 06, 11:14 AM ET Snowbirds may soon be allowed 8 months in U.S., but could risk provincial health benefits March 06, 5:37 PM ET read comments Diamonds discovered for 1st time in Manitoba March 06, 7:46 PM ET Must Watch Video Trump's new travel ban 6:25 Immigration lawyer Warren Creates on how Canada could benefit from tighter U.S. borders Video Immigration kickstart 5:59 Belleville, Ont., Mayor Taso Christopher on his community's plans to attract new people Video America first policy 8:10 Economist Dambisa Moyo on what the new U.S. policy means for the global economy Video Feminist scorecard 6:18 Auren Ravon of Oxfam Canada on the group's tracking how well the government does on everything from female leadership to pay equity Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY Mar 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Mar 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Mar 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Mar 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Mar 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15629.75 21.25 DOW 20954.34 -51.37 NASDAQ 5849.17 -21.58 SP 500 2375.31 -7.81 TSX-VENTURE 810.25 -8.21 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed No bidders offer to buy Trump-branded tower in Toronto Oil prices set to rise sharply, unless new projects are approved Tax court judge attended party hosted by law firm linked to KPMG What $1M will buy: 10 years ago in the housing market vs. today Wealthy Canadians exposed in KPMG offshore tax 'sham' video Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss Binary options — the latest investment scam that's costing victims everything FIFTH ESTATE Wealthy Canadians exposed in KPMG offshore tax 'sham' RRSP season puts spotlight on low-cost investing FIFTH ESTATE KPMG offshore tax dodge a 'facade' designed to hide money, ex-client says Subway defends its chicken after CBC Marketplace report Analysis 'A pretty greedy time' as profits soar for Canadian banks: Don Pittis Sean Cooper wiped out his mortgage in 3 years — and now he offers advice in new book How saying yes to free Wi-Fi could mean 'you are the product' for businesses Analysis Plutocrats with their crony capitalism are taking over again in the U.S.: Don Pittis Analysis 'I was in shock': Why Canadians are still struggling with runaway cellphone charges Analysis When will oil demand peak? Depends on our driving habits New selfie gadget coming, with fresh strategy to fight copycats Analysis Relying on rising home prices could be a fool's strategy: Don Pittis Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Costco Stock: The Danger Is Growing InvestorPlace Dana Blankenhorn 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Caterpillar Goes From White House Kudos to Multi-Agency Raid Demand slows for firearms, sending shares of major gunmaker down 5 percent © Federic J. Brown/AFP/Getty Images Costco has an overall rating of 3.9 on Glassdoor, and employees give CEO Craig Jelinek a 92 percent approval rating. "Great pay, great benefits," says one employee whose only complaint is, "It"s retail, you will work weekends and late nights." Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) fell about 4% on Friday after its fiscal second-quarter earnings report came up far short. And worse: COST stock might have a lot more downside left. Popular Searches Full House Resorts Inc FLL ▼ 2.24 -0.04 -1.75% SembCorp Marine Ltd SMBMY ▲ 10.21 +0.06 +0.54% CBL & Associates Properties Inc CBL ▼ 9.97 -0.26 -2.54% Ascena Retail Group Inc ASNA ▲ 4.50 +0.06 +1.35% Costco earned $1.17 per share, on revenues of $29.77 billion, for the quarter ending in January. Analysts had been expecting earnings of $1.36 per share.  $29.88 billion. Even at its present level, COST stock is pricier than any other traditional retailer. Its price-earnings ratio is still above 30, almost double that of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT), the world’s largest retailer, and higher than even Alphabet Inc (GOOGL). The market cap at $78 billion is almost two-thirds of its annual sales, while other retailers are fortunate to get a price of half their sales. Most now trade at 40% of sales due to fears over the growth of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN). Costco stock, in short, has gotten ahead of itself and was due for a pullback. Costco’s Q2 Earnings Costco’s profits are usually equal to the membership fees it collects from customers, and this time it fell short of even that mark. During the quarter, it reported membership fees of $636 million and net income of just $515 million. 10 Dangerous Dividend Stocks to Dump Now Costco wrote that it plans to increase those membership fees in June, by about 10%, meaning executive members will be paying $120 per year for the privilege of shopping there. Canada was the star of the report, with sales increasing 8%, while other international sales fell 2%. U.S. sales rose 3%, which is how sales rose overall. COST succeeds by selling in bulk, by demanding the lowest prices from suppliers, and by operating on wafer-thin margins. Its gross merchandise margins are about 13% — half the margins at discounters like Walmart, and this keeps customers (like me) incredibly loyal, willing to drive long distances to load up on the savings. Costco grew its store count aggressively in the last few years, but that is showing signs of slowing. It was opening 30 new stores a year a few years ago, but Costco Addict, which tracks the company’s openings, counts only 16 new stores this year in the U.S. and Canada. New stores are very expensive to open. The company reportedly opened 29 new outlets in fiscal 2016, with capital expenditures of about $2.65 billion. Have We Reached Peak COST Stock? What investors should be asking now is whether we may have hit peak Costco. Costco is, by its nature, a slow-moving and slow-growing company. Revenues were about $118 billion in fiscal 2016 and have come in at about $57 billion so far in fiscal 2017. The seasonality of its revenue stream shows it peaking in the spring, like Home Depot Inc (HD). The fourth quarter of 2016 saw revenues of over $36 billion. But Costco’s year-over-year growth is still only in the low single digits. COST stock bulls today will be pointing to the increased membership fees, and these should mean more earnings over the next few quarters, but the company may be reaching a limit on growth there. It has just gone through a transition from American Express Company (AXP) credit to a Citigroup Inc (C) labeled Visa Inc (V) card, so it can’t expect earnings acceleration there, either. Is the Reversal in Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock a Buying Opportunity? While some investors who have seen Costco’s value double over the last five years are going to be grabbing what they think is a bargain today, Costco stock is not a bargain compared with other retailers, it’s not growing rapidly, and it might well disappoint over the next year. I sold my own stake in Costco a few months ago, although even with the pre-market drop the, shares are still priced higher than where I sold them. So what do I know? What I do know is this: Beware falling prices. You may be better off shopping at Costco than buying COST stock. Dana Blankenhorn is a financial and technology journalist. He is the author of the sci-fi novella Into the Cloud, available at the Amazon Kindle store. Write him at danablankenhorn@gmail.com or follow him on Twitter at @danablankenhorn. As of this writing, he was long AMZN and GOOGL. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Dow Jones weakens amid political uncertainty InvestorPlace National Pancake Day 2017: How to Get Free IHOP Pancakes on March 7 InvestorPlace Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Suffers From Its Own Success InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 3714 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest U.P. lawmaker wants to ban pop purchases on Bridge cards An Upper Peninsula lawmaker wants to prohibit assistance recipients from using their benefits to buy soda Post to Facebook U.P. lawmaker wants to ban pop purchases on Bridge cards An Upper Peninsula lawmaker wants to prohibit assistance recipients from using their benefits to buy soda  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2lHr6vl {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 88 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs U.P. lawmaker wants to ban pop purchases on Bridge cards Kathleen Gray , Detroit Free Press Lansing Bureau Published 10:59 a.m. ET March 3, 2017 | Updated 12:37 p.m. ET March 3, 2017 The city of Berkeley on Tuesday, November 4, 2014, became the first in the nation to pass a tax on soda. (Photo: Associated Press ) 3714 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 88 COMMENTEMAILMORE LANSING — Soda and other carbonated beverages would be a big no-no for poor people in Michigan, under a bill introduced last week in the Michigan House of Representatives. Low-income Michiganders who qualify for food assistance — more than 739,000 households in the state who get an average of $227 per month — would be prohibited from buying those beverages under the bill sponsored by Rep. Beau LaFave, R-Iron Mountain. While many states have tried to ban purchases of soft drinks with welfare funds because of concerns over the sugary contents or lack of nutritional value of the beverages, LaFave said that's not his primary concern. He believes welfare recipients are buying soda so they can turn in the bottles for the .10-cent deposit. "There are a lot of people out there who are abusing the system. They go into their Walmart and buy a 12-pack of soda, go out into the parking lot, pour it on the ground and return it for the deposit. Instead of food benefits, that's turned into a physical cash," he said. "I don't know what they're using the money on. Maybe it's heroin. Maybe it's diapers. I don't think the taxpayers should be paying for food benefits as a way to give cash subsidies to people." ►Related: Man busted with 10,000 bottles in return scam ►Related: A few minutes with ... a man working in his own way Gilda Jacobs, executive director of the Michigan League for Public Policy, which advocates for economic opportunity for all people, said the bill is a solution looking for a problem that doesn't exist. She said she'd rather see the Legislature look at ways to provide incentives to Bridge Card recipients to purchase more healthy food and drink alternatives. "Let’s try to figure out a way to help people get out of poverty instead of trying to micromanage the food that they buy," she said. "There are too many problems in the world to solve that we should be spending time on things like this." The federal government must provide a waiver for a state to put restrictions on Bridge Cards, which are primarily funded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's S​upplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. So far the department has been reluctant to grant such waivers. Recipients can buy food and drink items for their families, but they're not allowed to purchase alcohol, cigarettes or any non-food items, such as pet food, household supplies or paper products. According to a USDA study released in November, about 5.4% of food stamp spending is on soft drinks, which is a slightly higher percentage than the entire population spends on soda. The bill — HB 4278 — has been assigned to the House Families Children and Seniors committee. Similar bills trying to put restrictions on the items that can be purchased with Bridge Cards have been introduced in the past, but have not gone anywhere. Contact Kathleen Gray: 313-223-4430, kgray99@freepress.com or on Twitter @michpoligal 3714 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 88 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2lHr6vl
40°FPartly CloudyFull Forecast Subscribe to Newton Daily News News News Home Local State Nation and World Newsletter Progress Election Central Sports Sports Home Local Professional Pro Football Weekly Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Records Records Home Obituaries Police Reports Corrections Jasper Life Opinion Opinion Home Guest Columnists Editorials Letters Columnists Lifestyle Lifestyle Food Home & Garden Tech Events Upcoming Events Submit Your Event Video News Video Live Video Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Press Release Letters to the Editor Subscribe to the Newton Daily News Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Business Showcase Contact Coupons Daily Deals e-Edition Follow Us Forms Place an Ad Printing Special Sections Subscribe Subscriber Services Text Alerts Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Records Opinion Newsletter Lifestyle Events Video Photos Contests Share More TextAlerts Classified Jobs No charges in deadly Walmart crash in Iowa Published: Friday, March 3, 2017 9:49 a.m. CST PELLA — A central Iowa prosecutor says no charges will be filed against a man who crashed his pickup truck into a Walmart store, killing three people. Marion County Attorney Ed Bull said all evidence indicates 66-year-old Dennis Mockenhaupt suffered an unknown medical condition that caused him to lose consciousness and crash. Investigators and witnesses have said the truck was traveling at a high rate of speed when it plowed through a glass front entrance and well into the grocery section of the store. Comments More News Man pleads not guilty in teen’s river crash deathMarch 6, 2017 - 9:45 am Police investigate death of man found dead in parking lotMarch 6, 2017 - 9:45 am March 4 Trump rallies held in IowaMarch 6, 2017 - 9:45 am After 2 months, some bills already dead at LegislatureMarch 6, 2017 - 9:44 am Jury convicts man of murder in fatal stabbingMarch 6, 2017 - 9:45 am Church sues company over railroad track on its propertyMarch 6, 2017 - 9:45 am Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Newton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Newton Lawn Services Lawyers in Newton Shopping in Newton Travel to Newton Tanning in Newton Used Cars in Newton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2017 Newton Daily News. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Published in Newton, Iowa, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics NFLX AAPL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Stock: The Danger Is Growing COST shares fell after earnings disappointed analysts, and even now, they're just too darn expensive By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Mar 3, 2017, 9:42 am EST Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Could Break $1,000 If … 7 Ultra-Cheap Value Stocks to Buy Now The Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Rally Is Nearing Its End Recent Posts: Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Could Have More Problems Than You Think Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is the Real Omnichannel Play GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Needs to Be Taken Out Soon View All Posts Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) fell about 4% on Friday after its fiscal second-quarter earnings report came up far short. And worse: COST stock might have a lot more downside left. Source: Shutterstock Costco earned $1.17 per share, on revenues of $29.77 billion, for the quarter ending in January. Analysts had been expecting earnings of $1.36 per share.  $29.88 billion. Even at its present level, COST stock is pricier than any other traditional retailer. Its price-earnings ratio is still above 30, almost double that of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), the world’s largest retailer, and higher than even Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ:GOOGL). The market cap at $78 billion is almost two-thirds of its annual sales, while other retailers are fortunate to get a price of half their sales. Most now trade at 40% of sales due to fears over the growth of Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Costco stock, in short, has gotten ahead of itself and was due for a pullback. Costco’s Q2 Earnings Costco’s profits are usually equal to the membership fees it collects from customers, and this time it fell short of even that mark. During the quarter, it reported membership fees of $636 million and net income of just $515 million. Costco wrote that it plans to increase those membership fees in June, by about 10%, meaning executive members will be paying $120 per year for the privilege of shopping there. Canada was the star of the report, with sales increasing 8%, while other international sales fell 2%. U.S. sales rose 3%, which is how sales rose overall. COST succeeds by selling in bulk, by demanding the lowest prices from suppliers, and by operating on wafer-thin margins. Its gross merchandise margins are about 13% — half the margins at discounters like Walmart, and this keeps customers (like me) incredibly loyal, willing to drive long distances to load up on the savings. Costco grew its store count aggressively in the last few years, but that is showing signs of slowing. It was opening 30 new stores a year a few years ago, but Costco Addict, which tracks the company’s openings, counts only 16 new stores this year in the U.S. and Canada. New stores are very expensive to open. The company reportedly opened 29 new outlets in fiscal 2016, with capital expenditures of about $2.65 billion. Have We Reached Peak COST Stock? What investors should be asking now is whether we may have hit peak Costco. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/03/costco-wholesale-corporation-cost-stock-danger-growing-q2-earnings/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Set for All-Time Lows 5 Value Traps Every Investor Must Avoid 3 Gun Stocks That Should BOOM Soon 3 High-Yield Stocks of 14%+: Are They Safe? Don’t Worry About Microsoft Just Yet Tesla Stock Is the New Amazon ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks That Will Hit All-Time Lows in 2017 5 Value Traps Every Investor Must Steer Clear From 3 High-Yield Stocks of 14%-Plus: Are They Safe? 3 Gun Stocks That Will BOOM on the Concealed Carry Act Should I Buy BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY)? 3 Pros, 3 Cons Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Are ALMOST in Buffett Buying Range 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Buy in March 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 Stocks That Will Hit All-Time Highs in 2017 7 Telecom Stocks That Are High-Yield Money Traps 10 Dangerous Dividend Stocks to Dump Now Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Tortuga Music Festival - Enter to win tickets today! Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free drinks at Starbucks, free entrees at P.F. Chang's Happy Freebie Friday! Getty Images/iStockphoto Getty Images/iStockphoto Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Free entrees, drinks, dining deals and savings with retail coupons. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! Today's ginormous list includes two fabulous freebies for you and a friend. Thirsty? Sip a free Macchiato with purchase at Starbucks from 2 to 5 p.m. through Monday. Hungry? Chow down on a free BOGO entree or salad at P.F. Chang's with email signup. Other swell offers: Save $10 on gas cards at Publix, and enjoy free museum visits on Saturday and Sunday. If you haven't already, sign up to receive my Freebie Friday Newsletter via email. Your wallet will thank you. Have a great weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus. FREEBIES Free Macchiato with purchase at Starbucks; expires Monday Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free gas: $10 off gas cards at Publix; expires Sunday Free short stack of pancakes at IHOP on Tuesday Free museum visits on Saturday and Sunday from Bank of America Free movie ticket to "Beauty and the Beast" from Neutrogena Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free Yankee Candles with purchase; expires Sunday Free Slurpee or Big Gulp at 7-Eleven with text signup Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free cheeseburger at Habit Burger Grill Doreen Christensen Get a free Charburger with cheese at The Habit Burger Grill in March. Join the chain’s free CharClub reward program by March 31 and get a coupon via email for the free eats, no strings attached. Club members get special offers and free treats on birthdays. The offer is available for existing members,... Get a free Charburger with cheese at The Habit Burger Grill in March. Join the chain’s free CharClub reward program by March 31 and get a coupon via email for the free eats, no strings attached. Club members get special offers and free treats on birthdays. The offer is available for existing members,... (Doreen Christensen) Free Charburger at Habit Burger Grill; expires March 31 Free updated Jiffy Mix recipe book Free downloadable Gooseberry Patch Circle of Friends Cookbook Free $150 income tax preparation through April 18 Free movie ticket with dessert purchase at P.F. Chang's; expires Sunday Free $10 gift cards with three new Publix rewards programs Free Scholastic children's books with purchase from Kellogg's Free pill container key chain from Bayer (click "I Pledge" button) Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free $12 movie ticket with purchase from General Mills; expires Oct. 31 Free kids' meals with Chipotle Reading Rewards program Free 1-year Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free Wetlands coloring book from U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Free $15 Uber ride from Wendy's Free pancakes at IHOP on Tuesday Doreen Christensen You'll flip for this freebie. Get free pancakes on Tuesday, March 7,  at IHOP to celebrate National Pancake Day. Stop in at participating restaurants from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. (until 10 p.m. in some locations) to get a free short stack. No purchase or coupon is necessary. Restaurants are giving away... You'll flip for this freebie. Get free pancakes on Tuesday, March 7,  at IHOP to celebrate National Pancake Day. Stop in at participating restaurants from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. (until 10 p.m. in some locations) to get a free short stack. No purchase or coupon is necessary. Restaurants are giving away... (Doreen Christensen) Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free sample of Nose Budz allergen protectors Free waxing from European Wax Center Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free one month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free movie tickets, freebies from AT&T and T-Mobile on Tuesdays Free hamburgers, movie discounts at Johnny Rockets Free movies on Vudu Movies on Us streaming service Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Walmart Vision Centers Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Angie's List membership Free Blizzard at Dairy Queen Free museum visits for free on Saturday and Sunday Doreen Christensen Visit museums for free on Saturday and Sunday, March 4-5, with Bank of America's Museum on Us program. The American Museum of Cuban Diaspora in Miami has been added to the roster of participating South Florida venues this year. The program offers free entry to more than 150 national arts institutions... Visit museums for free on Saturday and Sunday, March 4-5, with Bank of America's Museum on Us program. The American Museum of Cuban Diaspora in Miami has been added to the roster of participating South Florida venues this year. The program offers free entry to more than 150 national arts institutions... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS 40 percent off regular-priced purchases at Michaels; expires Saturday 30 percent to 50 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric 15 percent off at JC Penney; expires Sunday Wednesday-Sunday delivery, free digital access to Sun Sentinel for 99 cents $3.50 off Ulta Beauty; expires March 11 $10 off at Macy's, expires Saturday $20 off at Macy's, expires Saturday 20 percent to 40 percent off at Stein Mart $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $10 off swimwear at Kohl's; expires Monday $20 off at Festival Marketplace; expires March 31 Up to three free, any-size Yankee Candles; expires Sunday $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 15 percent off at Lord & Taylor; expires Tuesday $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens' paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Free angling seminars at Bass Pro Shops Doreen Christensen Don't let the big one get away here in the sport fishing capital of the world. Attend free angling seminars with local pros at Bass Pro Shop and save on gear, too. There are several free workshops for the whole family during the Spring Fishing Classic, running through Sunday. Here's the schedule:1:30... Don't let the big one get away here in the sport fishing capital of the world. Attend free angling seminars with local pros at Bass Pro Shop and save on gear, too. There are several free workshops for the whole family during the Spring Fishing Classic, running through Sunday. Here's the schedule:1:30... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS Free income tax preparation valued at $150 through April 18 Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers new unlimited data plan Wawa opening three South Florida stores on March 23 AT&T adds DirecTV video, mobile hotspot to unlimited data plans AT&T expands unlimited data plan, matching Verizon Publix not offering free samples in South Florida delis? That's baloney Earn gift cards galore with three new Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Palm Beach socialite shares thrift store shopping secrets How to save $1,400 a year with the 52-Week Money Challenge How to easily save more energy to offset FPL price increase Sip craft brews, wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Costco Anywhere Visa offers more cash back Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free free tax preparation valued at $150 through April 18 Doreen Christensen People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women. Of course, this excludes President Donald Trump, who boasted he paid no federal income taxes for years after taking deductions for business losses. Paying no taxes “makes me smart,” he said in a September debate. Unfortunately,... People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women. Of course, this excludes President Donald Trump, who boasted he paid no federal income taxes for years after taking deductions for business losses. Paying no taxes “makes me smart,” he said in a September debate. Unfortunately,... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS 7-Eleven: Free Slurpee or Big Gulp with text signup Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Chili's: $10 three-course combo meal Dairy Queen: Free Blizzard frozen treat Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 10 percent off with AARP card Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup Habit Burger Grill: Free CharBurger; expires March 31 HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich IHOP: Free short stack of pancakes on Tuesday Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Olive Garden: All-you-can-eat Never Ending Classics; expires Monday Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup Pei Wei: 20 percent off; expires Sunday P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase with email signup P.F. Chang's: Free movie ticket with dessert purchase; expires Sunday Starbucks: BOGO Macchiatos; expires Monday T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers Christensen: Why's everyone so gaga for Wawa? | Commentary Wawa-what's so exciting about a new chain of convenience stores coming to town? In July, Philadelphia-based Wawa broke ground on a store at Sample Road and Federal Highway in Pompano Breach. The beloved chain, which serves custom-made hoagies, whipped nearly every human in SoFla into a frenzy after... Wawa-what's so exciting about a new chain of convenience stores coming to town? In July, Philadelphia-based Wawa broke ground on a store at Sample Road and Federal Highway in Pompano Breach. The beloved chain, which serves custom-made hoagies, whipped nearly every human in SoFla into a frenzy after...Read the column FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO Save up to $4 on admission to Renaissance Festival; expires March 26 Free museum visits on Saturday and Sunday from Bank of America Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays and Sundays Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free escape room game for your birthday Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free movie ticket to see 'Beauty and the Beast' from Neutrogena Doreen Christensen Get a free $13 ticket to see "Beauty and the Beast" from Neutrogena Cosmetics. Get a reward code redeemable on Fandango.com for the free ticket by purchasing three participating products in a single transaction through March 31. Submit receipts via desktop computer or mobile devices. The movie,... Get a free $13 ticket to see "Beauty and the Beast" from Neutrogena Cosmetics. Get a reward code redeemable on Fandango.com for the free ticket by purchasing three participating products in a single transaction through March 31. Submit receipts via desktop computer or mobile devices. The movie,... (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Special offers, deals and discounts at Walt Disney World Hotel, travel discounts from Convention & Visitor Bureaus in 100 cities Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Theme park ticket deals, hotel savings from VisitOrlando.com Free admissions, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Free entry at Canadian parks in 2017 Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Sip craft brews while you shop for organic groceries at Lucky’s Market All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 69°
-2 0 0 -9 -2 -1 -1 -4 Click to go now! About Submit News Advertise Promotions Home News Sports Governor Sports Outdoors Weather Weather Anncmts Pierre Chamberlain Mobridge Philip Miller Calendar Obituaries Road Report South Dakota Roads North Dakota Roads Nebraska Roads Minnesota Roads Wyoming Roads Montana Roads Listen Live Star 99 100.1 The Eagle River 92.7 94 Country KGFX AM KOLY AM Country 101 Mobile Apps AG Markets Sports Broadcast Bull Sales Home >  News >  Theft in Pierre Leads to Chase and Arrest of Ft Thompson SD Man Theft in Pierre Leads to Chase and Arrest of Ft Thompson SD Man March 3, 2017 By: Pierre Police   Pierre Police Captain Elton Blemaster released this statement: On 3-2-17 at 5:00PM Pierre Police received a report of a theft at Wal-Mart located in the 1700 block of N. Garfield. The report was the subject left in a gray sedan.  An officer saw the vehicle travelling on Airport Road.  The driver of the suspect vehicle tried to flee the area and a pursuit was initiated. The vehicle went from Airport Roadway to U.S. Highway 14 and then the vehicle turned off on Kingsway at a high rate of speed.  The vehicle ended up stalling in the 3000 block of Kingsway and driver took off on foot. After a roughly 30 minute search, Kyle A. Felicia, 34 of Ft. Thompson, SD was located.  He was arrested for Obstructing, Theft, Ingesting a Controlled Substance, Driving While Suspended, DUI (1st), Reckless Driving, and Aggravated Eluding.  He was transported to the Hughes Co. jail.  Felicia is innocent until proven guilty. Comment Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed in the comments section of DakotaRadioGroup.com are solely those of the comment author and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions held by DakotaRadioGroup.com. Comments are closed. National News House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul North Korea, Malaysia ban each other's citizens from leaving US moves parts of controversial missile defense to SKorea As president, Trump seeks answers on his own wiretap mystery Trump's new travel ban comes without the chaos of first one National Sports Bogut's broken leg leaves Cavaliers cracked, incomplete Schroder, Howard bicker during Atlanta's loss to Warriors AP source: Raiders find new financing for Las Vegas stadium Trail Blazers-Timberwolves game postponed by slick court A WBC tradition _ MLB teams worry about players getting hurt Multimedia State FFA Officers Visit KGFX PIERRE SD – State FFA Officers Jaclynn Knutson, SD FFA State Reporter and Sydnie Peters, SD FFA State Sentinel were in studio to visit with KGFX Morning Show Host Scott Lane about their day today in Pierre and visiting businesses and... 3rd Annual Live and Silent Auction at First United Methodist Church Sunday March 5th Pierre Players Auditions for “Goodbye My Fancy” this Coming Monday Fort Pierre Happenings – Casey Tibbs Rodeo Center Kiwanis Concert 2017 East of Westreville This Saturday in Pierre at TF Riggs Pierre American Legion Update with Ron LeBeau South Dakota Music Education Association’s Middle School All-State Orchestra Feb 25th 3pm See All Videos See All Galleries Sections News Sports Obituaries Stations KGFX AM KGFX History 94 Country KPLO River 92.7 KGFX FM Country 101 KMLO Star 99 KOLY FM The Eagle 100.1 KJBI KOLY AM EEO Navigation Home About Advertise Contact Submit News Follow Us Copyright © 2011 Ingstad Family Media | Sitemap
Costco is raising membership fees for first time since 2011 - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Costco is raising membership fees for first time since 2011 Posted: Friday, March 3, 2017 10:01 AM EST Updated: Friday, March 3, 2017 10:31 AM EST It could soon get more expensive to be a Costco member. A UBS analyst predicts the warehouse giant may be planning to increase the cost of becoming a member in 2017. By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Buying 60 rolls of toilet paper at Costco is about to get more expensive. The warehouse retailer is raising its annual membership fees for the first time since 2011. Costco is boosting the price of its standard Gold Star membership by $5 to $60 a year. The Executive membership, which offers additional discounts and an annual reward on purchases, will go up $10 to $120 a year. The increases take effect June 1 and will affect about 35 million members. Costco typically raises fees every few years. The company made the announcement on Thursday as it released its latest earnings, which disappointed Wall Street. Sales and profits were lower than expected. Shares of Costco fell 4% in early trading Friday. Costco is facing tough competition from Sam's Club, the warehouse company owned by Walmart, and Target. Both have lowered prices to woo more customers. Chief financial officer Richard Galanti told analysts the challenges posed by the two big-box giants is "formidable." Lower food commodity prices have also triggered something of a grocery store price war. That's hurt Costco as well as supermarkets Kroger and Whole Foods. Costco executives mentioned "deflation" 26 times during their conference call with analysts. They said it has hit not just food but electronics -- another key category for the company. TV prices in particular have been falling sharply. Profits from the company's gasoline sales were lower as well. Costco is also in the middle of a transition with its new credit card partners. Last year, Costco replaced American Express as the issuer of its co-branded membership cards in favor of Citigroup and Visa. The company said the credit card shift has boosted its profit margins. But it wasn't enough to offset lower prices for many of its products. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Full-time RV Family Sets Off on Whitewaters of the Grand Canyon Full-time RV Family Sets Off on Whitewaters of the Grand Canyon Posted on March 3, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases 12-year-old Abby is young to paddle the 280-mile course. But the Holcombes, who live year-round in a Winnebago View, say families today need serious adventure. (PRWEB) March 03, 2017 The Holcombe family has launched their kayaks into the Colorado River on a 26-day whitewater trip through the Grand Canyon, Winnebago announced today. Abby, a nationally ranked junior freestyle kayaker at age 12, is paddling her own kayak through the 280-mile route, a course guides commonly recommend for paddlers age 16 and up. Peter and Kathy, and daughter Abby have been full-time travelers in their Winnebago View since selling their Boulder, Colo. home in June of 2014 to adventure through the nation’s top parks and public lands. They run a professional photography business and online school Abby on the road. Parking their View during the river expedition, the Holcombes say RV life can either be a boon or a bust to your nerves and budget, and they blog tips about the travel lifestyle at Famagogo.com. “It’s like we know a secret and we want everybody to know the secret,” says Peter of the simple freedom they’ve pursued, partly through creative sponsorships. “Being able to inspire people through my images and Kathy’s stories, that’s really what excites us now.” The Holcombes’ guidance is timely. According to the Recreational Vehicle Industry Association, adventure-seeking families headed by 35- to 54-year-olds are the fastest growing segment of RV owners. A surge in mobile careers along with low gas prices and more-affordable models are projected to drive RV sales to an eighth straight record in 2017. So for families RVing one week, one month, or full-time, how can they make the most of it? Here’s what the Holcombes advise: PURSUE A PASSION. Find something outside that you can all do together and plan trips around it. For the Holcombes, it’s kayaking. Pulling a trailer full of gear, they plan their itinerary around river destinations, meeting up with elite coaches for Abby and entering competitions along their route. “I love how I have friends all over the country now,” says Abby, who fastens their photos above her RV loft bed like any pre-teen. “I have friends in Georgia, Ontario, the Yukon–everywhere. And I’m seeing all these different cultures.” LOOK FOR DEALS. After gas, the biggest RV vacation expense can be overnight fees. Spaces range from free public lands and Walmart parking lots to campsites that charge from $15 to $150 a night, depending on amenities and region. “Depending on the experience you want, you can have a very luxurious vacation or take a more natural wilderness approach that’s much less expensive,” says Kathy. “Our personal favorite places to stay are free—national forest areas or Bureau of Land Management areas. So we probably pay for camping less than 50 nights a year.” The Western U.S., says Peter, has more wild public lands with beautiful free spaces than the East, which has more high-end resorts. “In the canyon country of Utah,” says Peter, “there are amazing places three or four miles off the state highway with camping spots where you can legally park free for 14 days—and they’re just incredible.” Internet access in their Winnebago View is essential to their wanderlust—and budget. On the road, they use the Allstays travel app to find affordable stop-offs. A combination of Google Maps and Google Earth helps them maneuver in and out of remote areas. These frugal habits, on average, keep their spending under $2,500 a month, including gas, insurance, food and camping fees. CHOOSE AN RV THOUGHTFULLY. When you’re buying a camper or motorhome, consider not just your family size, but what you’ll be demanding of the vehicle. Concerned about maintenance as well as comfort, the Holcombes chose a Class C Winnebago View, a smaller, solid 24-foot model built on a Mercedes-Benz Sprinter chassis. They liked how it drove like a van in tighter spaces, but still had a spacious interior for three. They looked for plumbing installed through the cabin (keeping it warm in cold climates like Alaska), private living spaces, a sturdy roof to stand and take photos, and general endurance to last years on rocky roads. “We kept hearing from dealers that if you’re going to be doing all this crazy stuff, you should definitely get a Winnebago,” says Peter of their thorough research. “Because they’re built so much better and they’re going to take the beating.” KEEP THINGS SIMPLE. The tiny-house movement has a lot of families scaling down their stuff—something the Holcombes embrace. While they love the storage space and ample width when they open the View’s slide-out wall, two things are still essential: personal spaces like Abby’s loft bed, and keeping a rein on clutter. “You always fill the space you’re in. We were completely out of space in our 2,700-square-foot house in Boulder!” Kathy observes. “We go through almost every single month and get rid of things that seem to accumulate in our RV closets, cupboards and bench storage. That’s really important.” All-in-all, the Holcombes wouldn’t trade their lifestyle for anything. It helps that the family’s photography business, Holcombe Photography, can operate smoothly on the road. But even for average families limited to an annual vacation, RVing, they say, is the way to go. It provides the excitement of waking up anywhere while still feeling at home. “We’ve done tents and hotel trips,” says Peter. “But the familiarity of being in a place that feels like home and is as comfortable as home—but it can be anywhere in all these exciting locations—that’s what’s cool to me.” To get daily updates on the Holcombes’ adventure through the Grand Canyon, follow Peter.Holcombe on Facebook. To read their blog posts, go to Famagogo.com or WinnebagoLife.com. To explore Winnebago models for adventuresome families, go to WinnebagoInd.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14117687.htm Latest News Solidia Technologies Wins $3 Million from Emissions Reduction Alberta for Transforming CO₂ from Waste to Asset Brady Announces Pipe Marking Color and Size Guide Full-time RV Family Sets Off on Whitewaters of the Grand Canyon Milwaukee® Announces the TICK™ Tool & Equipment Tracker: Tracks Anything. Survives Everything. Okayama University Research: Overloading of Protein Localization Triggers Cellular Defects US CMBS Delinquency Rate Resumes Ascent in February Alliance Executes Term Sheet for $5M to $10M Equity Facility Molori Energy Inc. Acquires Additional Production Dominion Harbor Enterprises and Paicheng International Technology Transfer Announce an Intellectual Property Commercialization Joint Venture Based in Beijing, China Clintondale Community Schools Connects with Innovative Digital SAT-prep Course by Kranse Institute © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Coast to Coast with George Noory Weekdays, 1am-5am facebook twitter iphoneapp androidapp Text Us: #30930 Phone: (800) 616 WBEN Business: (716) 843-0600 On Air Listen Live Weekly Schedule Bauerle and Bellavia The Sandy Beach Show The Rush Limbaugh Show The Sean Hannity Show Newsroom Staff Ask The Tax Lady Buffalo Means Business with Buddy Shula The Chris McKay Show Coast to Coast The Financial Guys Show Home Improvement Show with Domenic Cortese Investing Sense Senior Radio Buffalo The Robert Saviola Show Your Family Matters with Dr. Darci Cramer On Demand Newsroom Latest Headlines Breaking National News State News National News World News Business News Entertainment News Health News brought to you by Liberty Home Care Tech News Science News Travel News Off-Beat News Business Buffalo Business News AP Business News Markets Summary Sports 2016 Bills Schedule Buffalo Sports Headlines NHL News NFL News NBA News MLB News Golf News NASCAR News Weather Complete Weather Forecast Closings Flight Information News Alerts on Your Computer Events WBEN Photo Galleries WBEN Events Buffalo Community Events Features Contests General Contest Rules WBEN The Feed Blog Bauerle and Beach Sponsors Brenda's Bites Border Crossing Info Poll Results Archive 1Thing WBEN Mobile Streaming WBEN App powered by Valu Home Centers WBEN Text Alerts Be An Insider | More WBEN NewsRadio 930>Audio & Video on Demand>>Brian Michel- Grand Island Tolls Tweet Download Share Brian Michel- Grand Island Tolls Mar 3, 2017| Related Audio: Alan Harris and his new kidney Audio Mon, 6 Mar 2017   Political Analyst Steve Roberts Audio Mon, 6 Mar 2017   Mark Schroeder Running for Mayor Audio Mon, 6 Mar 2017   White House Wiretap Talk- 030617 750am Aaron Katersky Audio Mon, 6 Mar 2017   + Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate) OK guys and with frank Michel outside of Grand Island town hall where this news conference is going to be getting underway within the next hours O'Brien tell us what's going to happen at the well today we're gonna make it public or intention to really that fourth of public effort to take on the told barriers we have a number of efforts and initiatives that we're going to be putting in place and kicking off the startled. Some most prominent ones are going to be you preview Wal-Mart via. Launching a petition drive. We're gonna be erecting billboards around Grand Island with billboards and public eyes and educate the public on her honor for. And this has been done before it's been done previously previous decades ago what makes you think this effort will. Only at fickle after a century of them passed. We're deuce and change your I Western New York and the on the right. Off was becoming progressive city. And really seat changed the change that were seeking happening down day. At the tip the bridge or putting and high speed can actually whole collection system. I see no reason why we couldn't Grand Island couldn't share in the debut of their systems statewide. Ultimately would of course we'll love to see the tolls removed altogether what will be better than passing over Grand Island free of charge. What is more important you immediately act absolute eradication of the holes or this cash was number combination of oh. It's a combination truly is it to the two docked to face them here we we want to see the tolls go were trying to go. For a right goals it seen achievable. And what. Hope hopefully we get the job. Special assistant put in place and they'll give us a chance that beckon. It evaluate the effectiveness of that if we need to take further we won't stop until we have a solution that everyone is an agreement went. What you do here at 8 o'clock who's who's gonna speak woody and say what the whole. Agenda. Always have a lineup of western New York's finest and I myself Brian Shelby their supervisor in the McMurray will be there. Prominent this man Michael Gilani will be there. That Nader. Global region. The neighbor global. In two for tourism. Pale Whalen will be there and also. Community action organization of your county CEO Nathan herald in attendance. What happens from here after the news conference and what you do. Or gonna kick offer our petition drive going to be hosting town hall events we have one scheduled hip and on March 22 at 225. Third street Niagara Falls. That'll be running from six to 8 PM. We're gonna kick off far. And get a kick off our petition drive we're going to put up billboards. And ultimately. We are going to their plans in place to rent they bought to take to all from buffalo to Albany. To deliver our petition in person to governor Cuomo's office demanding change and finally what is your vested interest here united and Grand Island resident. No you're right I'm not. You know what I cameo lifetime resident of the region and someone who's commuted over grand downs for the hunt the duration of my career. I just want to see this had eight gone once and for all I can imagine and the only person who set the traffic jam. Wondering. Why this still even. Nothing less nothing more Brent thanks so much they actually think killed what's our guys that is brand Michelle live outside of Grand Island town hall. advertise with us Poll Do you think the new executive order on immigration will withstand any legal tests?   Yes   No   Won't matter because all anyone is talking about is "WireTapGate'!   View Results Top Stories Audio Get it Now 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 13 mins ago WBEN iPhone App 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 13 mins ago Perks 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 13 mins ago Contests 03/23/11 10:05 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 14 mins ago Photo Galleries 03/23/11 10:07 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 12 mins ago RSS Center 03/23/11 10:07 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 12 mins ago Contact Us   |   Advertise With Us   |   Jobs   |   EEO Public File   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Contest Rules   |   Internships   |   Copyright Notice
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Where to get and buy a Nintendo Switch on launch day Eric Abent - Mar 3, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Nintendo Switch launch day is here at last, but if you don’t have a pre-order, that means you’re out of luck, right? Not exactly – a number of retailers have the Switch in stock for walk-in customers today, but it’s still going to be tricky to find one. With pre-orders selling out quickly when they were first announced, there’s going to be a lot of competition to get these extra consoles. So far, a number of nationwide retailers have announced that they’ll be carrying the Switch for walk-in customers today. Two of those retailers are GameStop and Best Buy, though it might be more challenging to find one at these two chains than other places. That’s because many GameStop and Best Buy stores opened at midnight this morning, and invited walk-in customers to come in and pick up a Switch then. Still, if you have a Best Buy or GameStop nearby that didn’t open for a midnight launch, you might have a better shot at finding a Switch there. Alternatively, Walmart, Target, and Toys R Us all seem to be offering walk-in consoles as well. Walmart previously announced that it would have consoles on hand at Supercenters across the US, while weekly ads from Target and Toys R Us say similar things about availability. Obviously, you shouldn’t go in expecting to pick up a Switch considering the demand for these things, but one thing you may want to do is check with regional retailers as well. For instance, here in the Midwest, supermarket chain Meijer has been advertising that it will have the Switch in stock beginning today, March 3. If you strike out with nationwide stores, it’s definitely worth checking in with smaller retailers. Hopefully we’re not seeing the beginning of another NES Classic situation, but the fact that pre-orders have been hard come by suggests we might. We’ll see how launch day and following weeks go, but for now, head down to the comments section and let us know if you managed to get a Switch today! Story Timeline Nintendo Switch: All of the indie games confirmed today (with trailers!) Nintendo Switch Reviews Round-up: pre-release, with some potential Nintendo Switch eShop and News app previewed in new video It looks like Nintendo Switch will use friend codes after all Nintendo Switch parental controls app arrives in app stores Tags best buygamestopGamingnintendoNintendo SwitchTargetWalmart Must Read Bits & Bytes This is it: The 306hp 2017 Honda Civic Type R Nintendo Switch owners, don’t put a skin on your new console Uber has secret ‘Greyball’ tool to evade law enforcement and other opponents Nintendo Switch games you can get today (with trailers) Nintendo Switch Buyer’s Guide: Accessories you should get Latest Headlines Samsung Galaxy Note 8 codenamed “Great”, begs to be debunked Mar 7, 2017 This is it: The 306hp 2017 Honda Civic Type R Mar 7, 2017 Sonos PLAYBASE soundbar sits under your TV Mar 6, 2017 Nintendo Switch Joy-Con can work on PCs, Macs, Android Mar 6, 2017 Pulse is Twitch’s own brand of Twitter Mar 6, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo IdeaPad 510S Windows 10 Laptop Review Feb 21, 2017 Lenovo IdeaCentre Y910 Review: A powerful gaming all-in-one Feb 20, 2017 2017 Lincoln Continental AWD Reserve Review: American Cheese Feb 16, 2017 2017 Ford Fusion Sport Review: Blue Oval Q ship cancels mid-size family sedan boredom Feb 15, 2017 Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 All-in-One Windows 10 PC Review Feb 12, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
RTV6 Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Interactive Radar Storm Tracker 7-Day Forecast Today's Forecast Cams Maps/Radars Weather Alerts School Closings Traffic + Traffic Map Gas Prices News + Local U.S./World Call 6 Crime Good News Politics DecodeDC Moving to Mexico Hot Button Photos Money + Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone ShopSmart Sports + Colts Pacers Indy 500 College High School Life + Event Calendar Horoscope Jefferson Awards Entertainment + Food TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Comics Right This Minute The List Video + Live Video Newscasts Indianapolis This Week YouTube Channel ABC Live Video Marketplace + Contests About Us + Contact Us News Team Mobile Newsletters Advertise Support Current 62° Thunderstorms 3-Day Forecast HI: 59° LO: 43° HI: 55° LO: 36° HI: 56° LO: 35° More Weather Traffic current alerts 2 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 5 Weather Alerts Severe Thunderstorm Warning issued March 7 at 3:49AM EST expiring March 7 at 4:30AM EST in effect for: Carroll, Clinton, Tippecanoe Severe Thunderstorm Warning issued March 7 at 3:44AM EST expiring March 7 at 4:30AM EST in effect for: Cass Flood Warning issued March 6 at 11:10AM EST expiring March 7 at 11:47PM EST in effect for: Jackson, Lawrence, Washington Flood Warning issued March 6 at 11:10AM EST expiring March 7 at 4:25AM EST in effect for: Lawrence, Martin Flood Warning issued March 2 at 11:17AM EST expiring March 7 at 4:00PM EST in effect for: Lawrence, Martin 5 Weather Alerts Alerts TIMELINE: Spotty showers through early morning RECALL: 680K rattles recalled over choking hazard WXYZ 9:25 AM, Mar 3, 2017 1:09 PM, Mar 3, 2017 Share Article Previous Next About 680,000 rattles are being recalled nationwide over a choking hazard, according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next (WXYZ) - About 680,000 rattles are being recalled nationwide over a choking hazard, according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission.  The rattles were sold by Kids II Inc. and distributed to stores including Target, Walgreens, Walmart, Amazon.com, ToysRUs.com from January 2016 through February 2017.  The CPSC recall involves Oball Rattles in pink, blue, green and orange with the model number 81031. The rattles also have date codes: T0486, T1456, T2316, T2856 and T3065. There have been 42 reports of the plastic disc breaking and the small beads coming out.  Consumers are advised to contact the firm for a full refund. The number is 877-243-7314.  More information can be found here.  Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Local News Smoking ban passes in Howard Co. and Kokomo Smoking will soon be banned in all public buildings in Howard County. Marion Co. prosecutor to use Nextdoor The Marion County prosecutor announced Monday that his office would be partnering with the social media app Nextdoor to bring crime fighting… PD: Clerk shot, killed robbery suspect A gas station clerk shot and killed a robbery suspect on Indianapolis south side late Monday evening, according to police.  PD: Men went on naked rampage at Indy apartments Two men went on a naked rampage at an Indianapolis apartment complex on Sunday, according to police.  New TSA pat-downs more invasive for travelers  Next time you head to the Indianapolis International Airport you might notice the TSA officers are a little more… Local NewsWeather Traffic Sports Entertainment Life MarketplaceSupport RTV6 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff Hot Button TV Listings Community Calendar uReport Call 6 Good News Jefferson Awards Contests Mobile Apps RTV6 iPhone iPad Kindle Android Windows Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Newfoundland & Labrador LIVE St. John's More Streams St. John's Morning Show Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada NL Thousands hurry hard into St. John's as 2017 Brier kicks off Pre-qualifier games begin Friday with first draws set for Saturday at Mile One Centre By Geoff Bartlett, CBC News Posted: Mar 03, 2017 10:52 AM NT Last Updated: Mar 03, 2017 1:05 PM NT The ice at Mile One Centre in St. John's on Thursday, one day before competition starts at the 2017 Tim Hortons Brier which will continue for the next eight days. (Twitter/@CurlingCanada) Related Stories Islanders represented at Tim Hortons Brier Brad Gushue has the weight of the Rock on his shoulders External Links 2017 Tim Hortons Brier draw schedule (Note: CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) The 2017 Tim Hortons Brier has officially started in St. John's, and the excitement is being felt by curling fans and local businesses alike. Pre-qualifying games started Thursday night at Mile One Centre, with the first draws of the tournament set to begin on Saturday. Olympic curler and the morning master of ceremonies Jamie Korab has been to several Briers over the years, and said he's known for years that St. John's would be a great host city. Olympian Jamie Korab is the morning master of ceremony for the 2017 Brier in St. John's. (Mark Cumby/CBC) "Everywhere I go, whether it's Costco or Wal-Mart or wherever I am, people are stopping me and asking me about it," he told the St. John's Morning Show. "The arena looks fantastic, the ice is amazing, we're in for quite a treat the next nine days." Economic boost Korab suspects all the teams and fans that are traveling to St. John's for the Brier will be a big economic shot in the arm for businesses in the downtown area — something that should be welcome during the usually slow month of March. "I've got friends from Norway that are coming over and staying at an Airbnb, the boys from the Northwest Territories were at the [St. John's] Fish Exchange last night, so it's amazing," he said. "We're going to have thousands of people in here." Some downtown shops and restaurants are embracing and celebrating the Brier in their own way, looking to attract those visiting the city. St. John's businesses ready for 2017 Brier1:02 At the Newfoundland Chocolate Company on Duckworth Street, owner/chocolatier Christina Dove has been busy preparing a Brier-themed window display — which includes curling rocks and brooms she made herself from chocolate. "We love promoting Newfoundland," she said. "We're so excited when all these people from all across Canada are coming because it's a chance for us to show how incredible Newfoundland is and how proud we are of our province." Big Party Korab said besides being Canada's premiere curling tournament, the Brier is also one of the best parties in sports. Crews work to get the Brier Patch ready at the St. John's Convention Centre for the 2017 Tim Hortons Brier. The Brier Patch will be the social area for up to 2,200 players and fans, and will feature food, bar service and live music. (Twitter/@theSJCC) He said people who aren't familiar with it may not realize just how fun the atmosphere is at the Brier Patch; which is the party area in the St. John's Convention Centre where 2,200 athletes and fans can pack in for food, drinks and live music from local performers. "There's a fair amount of beverages consumed there and it's just going to be an amazing time," he said." With files from Bruce Tilley and St. John's Morning Show Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: St. John's Light Snow -4°C Gander Light Snowshower -6°C Deer Lake Partly Cloudy -16°C Channel-Port aux Basques -5°C Happy Valley-Goose Bay Clear -17°C More Weather Latest Nfld. & Labrador News Headlines Tuesday's news, weather and traffic updates in the CBC N.L. Live Blog Self-serve: Dad delivers son in gas station parking lot video 'It was pretty rocky': Summerford sealers safe at home after dramatic rescue at sea Expiration date: Young volunteers needed for Torbay food bank to survive video $700K loss as fire destroys equipment at Labrador City golf club Top News Headlines 'You don't get a 2nd chance to react': Plan reveals crucial moments in 9/11-style attack in Canada video 'Grow a spine ... and punish people who commit fraud,' NDP tell Liberals over tax dodge reports Snowbirds may soon be allowed 8 months in U.S., but could risk provincial health benefits read comments U.S. responds to North Korea by readying anti-missile defence system across border read comments Tax court judge attended party hosted by law firm linked to KPMG Most Viewed Self-serve: Dad delivers son in gas station parking lot in St. John's 'It was pretty rocky': Summerford sealers safe at home after dramatic rescue at sea Party hard: Curling superfans the 'Sociables' dress to impress in St. John's Pot found on passenger of medical flight to Natuashish, trafficking charges laid $700K loss as fire destroys equipment at Labrador City golf club A league of their own: Meet the middle-aged women playing hockey for 1st time in St. John's Labrador, Northern Peninsula digging out from 3-day storm Defiant Joe Smyth adamant he did not mislead Dunphy inquiry in prior testimony Expiration date: Young volunteers needed for Torbay food bank to survive JRCC releases dramatic video of 5 people rescued from fishing boat northeast of St. John's Don't Miss Tuesday's news, weather and traffic updates in the CBC N.L. Live Blog Self-serve: Dad delivers son in gas station parking lot in St. John's Video 'It was pretty rocky': Summerford sealers safe at home after dramatic rescue at sea Expiration date: Young volunteers needed for Torbay food bank to survive $700K loss as fire destroys equipment at Labrador City golf club A league of their own: Meet the middle-aged women playing hockey for 1st time in St. John's Kevin Martin back at Brier in role of rock for son's Alberta team Video CBC Here and Now March 06, 2017 1:01:03 Party hard: Curling superfans the 'Sociables' dress to impress in St. John's Video Curling 101: Get the scoop on how to throw rocks with Olympian Jamie Korab Live blog Defiant Joe Smyth adamant he did not mislead Dunphy inquiry in prior testimony Oil prices set to rise sharply, unless new projects are approved Gander's Red Cross depot staying put, for now Pot found on passenger of medical flight to Natuashish, trafficking charges laid 'Give 'er and get 'er done': Brier icemaker won't let a broken ankle stop him Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
WTVF Traffic Weather All Sections News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport Weather + Radar 7-Day Forecast Weather Alerts Current Conditions Live Cameras School Closings Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Giving Back Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction The Income Guys Inside Workforce Development Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report Ring of Faith ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Titans Talk Words & Music Urban Outlook Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips Contests TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 61° Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 65° LO: 41° HI: 65° LO: 37° HI: 71° LO: 39° Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Metro Police Pursue Memphis Theft Suspect 7:47 AM, Mar 3, 2017 8:14 AM, Mar 3, 2017 Share Article Previous Next A man was taken into custody after allegedly leading Metro Police on a chase in a stolen SUV. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next NASHVILLE, Tenn. - A man was taken into custody after allegedly leading Metro Police on a chase in a stolen SUV.  According to an affidavit from Metro Nashville Police, Roy Webster stole the vehicle in Memphis and investigators tracked the car's GPS to a Walmart on Nolensville Pike. When they got close, Webster allegedly took off and prompted a chase. Officers said Webster later crashed into another car on Harding Place after reaching speeds of 70 miles per hour.  From there, he took off on foot – dodging trees and climbing fences as he tried to escape, police said. Officers finally caught up to him and arrested him on multiple charges. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Man Cited For 'Obscene' Bumper Sticker Police in Nashville wrote a ticket to a driver for an "obscene bumper sticker." Republicans unveil bill to repeal Obamacare House Republicans introduced their bill to repeal Obamacare's individual mandate that also aims to maintain coverage for people… Tennessee Lawmaker Douglas Henry Dies At 90 Douglas Henry III, Tennessee's longest-serving lawmaker, has died. He was 90 years old. Officials Pay Tribute To Douglas Henry Tributes began pouring in Monday morning after longtime Tennessee lawmaker Douglas Henry III died at the age of 90.   Avian Influenza Found In Tenn. Chicken Flock A virus deadly to poultry has been found in Tennessee. Unrelated Deaths Of 2 Nurses Remain Unsolved Officials with the Metro Nashville Police Department have continued to investigate two separate and unrelated deaths involving nurses from… TBI ID's, Speaks With Passenger In Clemmons' Car Authorities have identified and spoken with the person who was in the passenger seat of Jocques Clemmons' car before he was fatally shot by a… Arrest Made In School Threat In Robertson County Officials have arrested an 18-year-old after an anonymous threat prompted the evacuation of three schools in Robertson County.  Micro Homes In Nashville Will Help Homeless Open Table Nashville has partnered with several other agencies to build nearly two dozen micro homes on a South Nashville church's property. News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Metro Report Morning PIX Team Contests Traffic Transit Events Closings Weather 44° 44° Low 52° High 55° Wed 42° 62° Thu 36° 59° Fri 20° 44° See complete forecast Severe weather alert SIGN UP NOW: GET PIX11 NEWS HEADLINES DELIVERED RIGHT TO YOUR INBOX Create your own self care sanctuary Posted 8:38 AM, March 3, 2017, by PIX11 News Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email We all know that taking care of ourselves is essential for our physical health, mental wellness and outward confidence. One way to ensure you stick to a positive self-care routine, is to infuse love into every part of your day. We brought back our beloved Lifestyle Expert & Editor Pamela Pekerman of http://www.PamelaPekerman.com to share some ways you create a self-care sanctuary in your home. Bathroom – Beauty Self Care Enviroscent Bursts in Wild Lavender ($3.77 for bag of 3 at Walmart) Set the mood for your beauty rituals with a new kind of all natural home fragrance—harnessing unique technology that’s solvent-free, providing lasting fragrance with no chemicals, made with pure essential oils Made from all-natural, biodegradable, compostable, sustainably managed paper (and the Burst itself is recyclable — just toss in with your household paper) AVEENO Daily Moisturizing Body Yogurt Lotion in Vanilla and Oat ($7.99 at Target) Nothing pampers the body quite like a full body lotion with a scent that stimulates all your senses. This body moisturizer with ACTIVE NATURALS® oatmeal and nutrient-rich yogurt saturates to intensely moisturize and nourish dry skin Keeps skin hydrated for up to 48 hours Marula Oil Rare Oil Intensive Hair Masque ($38 at raremarula.com) Take a little me time and pamper your locks with luxurious cold-pressed marula oil. Packed with powerful antioxidants, it thoroughly hydrates and dramatically smooths and softens dry, coarse hair and adds fullness to fine, limp hair. 80% REDUCED SPLIT ENDS* 80% IMPROVED CONDITION OF HAIR* Bedroom – Spiritual Self Care [jcpenney.com]Park B. Smith Decorative Pillow from JC Penney ($50 at JCPenney.com) Surround yourself with positive energy. These cushions give a whole new meaning to pillow talk. Jump into your spiritual setting with uplifting messages like “Dreams are Free” or “Life Is Better When You Are Laughing” or “Life is Beautiful”. Royal Velvet Egyptian Cotton Blanket ($29.99 at JCPenney.com) Cozy up with a good book or journal, and a great mood. Knit blankets aren’t just for grandma’s anymore. They will set serene tone for quality time with yourself, to gather thoughts of positivity and create meaningful me moments setting. Moorea Seal 52 Lists for Happiness ($16.95 at MooreaSeal.com) Share your daily gratitude, triumphs and desires in a beautiful journal to gain valuable self-knowledge. Journaling helps decrease stress and anxiety. This beautiful, open-dated hardcover journal with 52 list prompts, plus bonus pages for your own prompts, encourages you to reflect, acknowledge, and invest in yourself- figuring out exactly what makes them happy. White Lilac Pencils ($15 for pack 6 at WhiteLilacInc.com) She Designed A Life She Loved Pencils, when even your writing instrument proclaims how amazing you are! Bold colors, inspirational quotes that uplift the spirit and remind you to keep going strong Kitchen – Delicious Self Care Capresso Steam PRO Espresso Machine ($59.99 at JCPenney.com) Start or end your day with a perfect espresso, cappuccino or latte, a soothing essential that’s like a warm hug for your insides White Lilac I Love Unicorns Scalloped Dessert Plate ($8 for pack of 8 at WhiteLilacInc.com ) A fun paper plate to remind you to smile, believe in unicorns … and eat your cookies ****colorful, good vibes décor Filed in: Extra, Morning Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular WATCH LIVE: Giraffe watch 2017 reaches day 11; April prepares to give birth at New York zoo WATCH LIVE: April the Giraffe ‘very active’ as she continues to prepare for birth at New York zoo Trucker Dukes, named honorary FDNY firefighter, dies at age 3 WATCH LIVE: April the giraffe ‘changes some behaviors’ as she continues to prepare for birth at New York zoo Latest News Cops find teen fatally shot to the head inside Brooklyn halfway house Suspect who threatened to ‘cut up’ 81-year-old woman during robbery arrested: NYPD For 1st time, Casey Anthony speaks about case Riders express frustrations as LIRR plagued with delays at Penn Station News Why you shouldn’t use cotton swabs to clean your ears Morning Here’s how to sleep better, even when stressed Politics Watch, read the full transcript from President Obama’s farewell speech News Sanctuary restaurants vow to protect undocumented workers Extra Morning Palm oil and the recent Nutella controversy Morning On-Air ‘Sacred Baths’ to revitalize your spirit and open your heart Extra Morning Winter is coming, and it’s wreaking havoc on our skin; save it with these products Politics What are sanctuary cities, and can they be defunded? Extra Morning Five fabulous ways to save on groceries Extra Morning The Moms: Great parental-approved last-minute gifts Extra Morning How to have the perfect pucker on Valentines with lifestyle and beauty expert Valerie Greenberg News Trump gives America’s ‘poorest white town’ hope Extra Morning Ways to maintain work/life balance Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Crime & Courts Official: Several cell phones stolen from Williamsburg Walmart Cell phones stolen at Walmart York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is asking for help identifying a person caught on camera stealing cell phones from the Williamburg Walmart.  The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is asking for help identifying a person caught on camera stealing cell phones from the Williamburg Walmart.  (York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office) Sarah J. KetchumContact ReporterDaily Press Privacy Policy The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is asking for help identifying a person accused of stealing several cell phones from the Williamsburg Walmart. The theft happened about 8:30 a.m. Feb. 26 at the store at 731 E. Rochabeau Drive, officials said on social media.  The person was caught on camera taking several Straight Talk phones from the store, officials said. Anyone who can recognize the person is asked to call the anonymous Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP. Reference case no. 1700701. Caption Hampton officials respond to fires on Power Plant Parkway Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Caption Hampton officials respond to fires on Power Plant Parkway Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Caption Crews from three departments put out blaze in York Crews from Newport News and Hampton assisted York firefighters in putting out a blaze Sunday at a condo in the Rainbrook Villas neighborhood. The fire in the 200 block of Rainbrook Way, just off of Route 17 in the Grafton area, was called in around 4:20 p.m. Two people were displaced in the blaze and will receive help from the Red Cross, York Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Payne said.   Crews from Newport News and Hampton assisted York firefighters in putting out a blaze Sunday at a condo in the Rainbrook Villas neighborhood. The fire in the 200 block of Rainbrook Way, just off of Route 17 in the Grafton area, was called in around 4:20 p.m. Two people were displaced in the blaze and will receive help from the Red Cross, York Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Payne said.   Caption Newport News police investigating robbery at Luckie's Convenience Store The incident is the fourth robbery investigation in the city in less than 12 hours, according to police reports. Luckie's, at 6210 Chestnut Ave., is in the South section of the city. The other three investigations were in the Central section. The incident is the fourth robbery investigation in the city in less than 12 hours, according to police reports. Luckie's, at 6210 Chestnut Ave., is in the South section of the city. The other three investigations were in the Central section. Caption Newport News police respond to 2nd related robbery at Mary's convenience store Officers from the Newport News Police Department's Central Precinct are responding to the second of two back-to-back business robberies Monday morning. Police responded just after 10 a.m. to Mary's convenience store, at 805 Old Oyster Point Road, according to Master Police Officer Brandon Maynard. Officers from the Newport News Police Department's Central Precinct are responding to the second of two back-to-back business robberies Monday morning. Police responded just after 10 a.m. to Mary's convenience store, at 805 Old Oyster Point Road, according to Master Police Officer Brandon Maynard. Caption Video: 1st Stop Mart in Newport News robbed Newport News police investigate at robbery at 1st Stop Mart, at 811 Main Street, March 6, 2017. Newport News police investigate at robbery at 1st Stop Mart, at 811 Main Street, March 6, 2017. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Theft Crime Pictures: Mug shots from local arrests Breaking News Videos Interactive timeline: Peninsula area homicides in 2016 Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 51°
News Police: Man wanted in Walmart phone theft The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is looking for this man in connection with the recent theft of Straight Talk phones at the Walmart Supercenter on Rochambeau Drive. Ivey, Dennis / Ivey, Dennis / Jimmy LaRoueContact Reporter Privacy Policy The York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office is looking for a man involved with the recent theft of several Straight Talk phones from an area Walmart Supercenter, according to a York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office news release. The theft took place around 8:30 a.m. Feb. 26  at the Walmart Supercenter in the 700 block of Rochambeau Drive, the release states. Anyone with information is asked to call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP or the Facebook Tip Line at 890-4999 and reference case number 1700701. Copyright © 2017, The Virginia Gazette Gazette News Video Gazette News Video Pictures: Williamsburg-area photos from readers VGTV News Community Sports Life Obits Last Word eNewspaper Advertise 52°
EDITION: Int 'l International Int 'l Bahrain BAH Kuwait KUW Oman OMN Qatar QAT Saudi Arabia KSA United Arab Emirates UAE YOU ARE NOT LOGGED IN: Services Log in Not registered? Register now! Username: Password: Remember me on this computer Login Help, I forgot my username and/or password Retrieve password form We can only send passwords to the e-mail address you're registered with. If you can not remember it, or have any other problem, please e-mail registration@arabianbusiness.com Registered e-mail adress: Retrieve password Need to register? Click here Services: Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Site News Bar Subscriptions Media Information Contact Us LANGUAGE: بالعربية All Articles Videos Photos Companies People Home GCC Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE Loading... Industries Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology more Transport Travel & Hospitality Loading... Markets Equities Commodities Currencies Market Data Companies A-Z Loading... Opinion Comment Reader Comments AB Cafe Loading... Interviews Banking & Finance Construction Culture & Society Education Energy Healthcare Media Politics Real Estate more Retail Sport Technology Travel & Hospitality Transport Loading... Photos Loading... Videos Loading... Lists Loading... Lifestyle Wellness Arts Cars & Boats Gourmet Gadgets Sport Travel Style Loading... StartUp Loading... CEO Loading... Company News Loading... Property News Listings Property Index Loading... Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology Transport Travel & Hospitality Three GCC firms named among world's top retailers UAE-based Emke Group, which runs the Lulu hypermarket brand, is ranked the biggest in the Middle East Article Photos By Staff writer Friday, 3 March 2017 10:55 AM Yusufali MA, chairman and managing director of Lulu. Three GCC-based retailers have been named in a new list of the world's top 250, with the UAE's Emke Group ranked the Middle East's biggest. Emke, which runs the Lulu chain on hypermarkets and earlier this month announces major expansion plans in Saudi Arabia, posted sales revenue of $6.2 billion. Dubai mall operator Majid Al Futtaim saw revenue of $6 billion while Saudi-based food firm Savola posted $3.6 billion. The companies were ranked 153rd, 160th and 240th respectively in the list which was topped by US giant Walmart which reported revenue of $482 billion for the full-year of 2015, the period used by Deloitte Global in compiling the ranking. The top 250 global retailers generated aggregated revenues of $4.31 trillion in 2015, representing composite growth of 5.2 percent, according to Deloitte's Global Powers of Retailing 2017 report. Herve Ballantyne, partner and consumer & industrial products industry leader, Deloitte, Middle East, said: “The Middle East remains an attractive destination for retailers, with three retailers ranking in Deloitte’s report. "The Africa/Middle East region’s 19.1 percent growth rate and 5.8 percent net profit margin were the highest among the five geographic regions in FY2015,” he added. However, the region also saw the smallest share of top 250 revenue at just 1.4 percent of the total and the joint fewest number of companies in the list (nine). For the third year in a row, revenue growth for the Top 250 apparel and accessories retailers outperformed other product sectors. Historically, this category of retailers has also been the most profitable, and fiscal year 2015 was no exception, the report noted. The report added that the level of retail globalisation appears to be at the same level as the previous year, with two-thirds of Top 250 retailers operating outside their home country borders. On average, they had retail operations in more than 10 countries and derived nearly 25 percent of their composite retail revenue from foreign operations. Follow @ArabianBusiness Related: Stories UAE retail major reveals plan for major Saudi expansion Lulu boss tops Hello! Rich and powerful list Dubai's Majid Al Futtaim to open $722m super-regional mall Saudi's Savola Group slumps to Q4 loss, misses forecasts Galleries REVEALED: 50 Richest Indians in the GCC 2016 - Retail Companies EMKE Group Majid Al Futtaim Holding Savola Group Also in Retail New "smart mall" to open in Dubai's Jebel Ali GCC consumers need to be better protected Also in UAE In pictures: Mohammed bin Rashid visits Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority Emaar pulls down Dubai in early trading Join the Discussion Disclaimer:The view expressed here by our readers are not necessarily shared by Arabian Business, its employees, sponsors or its advertisers. NOTE: Comments posted on arabianbusiness.com may be printed in the magazine Arabian Business Please post responsibly. Commenter Rules No comments yet, be the first! Add your comment (1000 characters left) 
 Your name: Email address:(will not be published) Country: All comments are subject to approval before appearing Submit Further reading EMKE Group Get E-Mail Alerts Majid Al Futtaim Holding Get E-Mail Alerts Retail Get E-Mail Alerts Savola Group Get E-Mail Alerts 100 Most Powerful Arabs Under 40 - Top 5 from Kuwait »         View complete list Photo Galleries Videos In pictures: Mohammed bin Rashid visits Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority In pictures: British Museum displays The American Dream In pictures: Street artist Banksy's opened Walled Off hotel in Bethlehem Best of the Day: Pictures from round the world Revealed: Daredevils in Dubai In pictures: Vintage cars at the Antwerp Classic Salon in Belgium The top restaurants in Dubai Catwalk collections on show in Paris In pictures: International Defence Exhibition in Iraq In pictures: Mohammed bin Rashid tours Dubai art festival The best #Mydubai pictures from Instagram Businessman's Guide: Scents that leave an impression Best of the Day: Pictures from around the world In pictures: Andy Murray claims Dubai title In pictures: Gomez of Spain wins triathlon in Abu Dhabi In pictures: Syria's damaged ancient city of Palmyra Video: Trump signs new immigration order excluding Iraq Video: Amazon Space Prime? Bezos to launch delivery service to moon Video: Innovative game controllers on display Inside the latest issue: CEO Middle East | March 2017 Video: This robotic bike wheel will disrupt the urban commute Video: Music returns to Palmyra's ancient amphitheatre after liberation Video: Restaurants in Shanghai uses robots as waiters Video: Despite giving no proof, Trump calls on Congress to probe his wire-tapping claims Video: Gaza's only female comedian faces challenges Video: Uber in London to appeal driver "literacy" ruling Video: Scientists find the oldest evidence of life on Earth? Video: The app that is giving Snapchat a run for its money in Asia Video: Auto makers gear up to bring internet on the road Video: Uber CEO apologises for berating driver Video: Snap said to price shares in IPO at $17 Video: Big reveal for little Rolls-Royce Features & Analysis Saudis tighten their belts for Eid in age of austerity Gov't cuts, which began late in 2015, are now rippling through... New Saudi snow city tests kingdom's capacity for fun Mixed-gender attraction is a rare opportunity for Saudis of all... Retail renaissance in Saudi Arabia The largest economy in the GCC is emerging as a lucrative retail... Most Popular Read Photos Videos Commented 1. Bogus investment duped thousands in largest scam in Abu Dhabi history 2. "UAE will be the most affected by the introduction of VAT", says BMI 3. Qantas takes pork off menu after Emirates tie-up 4. UK daredevil arrested after climbing crane in Dubai 5. Dubai residents to enjoy three months of spring 1. REVEALED: 50 Richest Indians in the GCC 2016 2. Revealed: Daredevils in Dubai 3. In pictures: International Defence Exhibition in Iraq 4. In pictures: Mohammed bin Rashid tours Dubai art festival 5. Best of the Day: Pictures from round the world 1. Video: Despite giving no proof, Trump calls on Congress to probe his wire-tapping claims 2. The yacht of your dreams: Mangusta Gran Sport 44 launched at Dubai Boat Show 3. Video: Travis Kalanick Uber CEO and co-founder in Dubai 1. Al Etihad Credit Bureau working to expose over-leveraged borrowers Most Discussed 24 hrs 7 days 4 weeks 4 Al Etihad Credit Bureau working to expose over-leveraged borrowers good work the credit bureau is putting in... mashallah wish them all the best more Tuesday, 7 March 2017 8:46 AM - I am gay 3 Revealed: SeaWorld Abu Dhabi to open on Yas Island in 2022 When the rest of the world is trying to boycott SeaWorld for it's consistent ill treatment of sealife - a simple google search will show you just what... more Tuesday, 7 March 2017 1:05 PM - Cat 1 Bogus investment duped thousands in largest scam in Abu Dhabi history anything for 6-7% these days be careful. more Tuesday, 7 March 2017 1:04 PM - jamani bg Read all user comments » 9 UAE landlords set to get tougher on rental cheques Some comments one reads here are quite exaggerated and overstated. Take, for example, JRH's description of someone's reaction when he told them the price... more Thursday, 2 March 2017 8:42 AM - WHJ 7 Xanadu acquires 2 million square feet of Dubai Lagoon from Schon After waiting for more than ten years for my apt and paying rent mony for the same years, I hope Schon will COMPENSATE investors whom put their trust and... more Sunday, 5 March 2017 8:49 AM - Houssam 6 Dubai motorists can sometimes be the worst people in the world I thought UAE, specially Dubai has some what better habits than neighboring countries in general. One big issue I find is there is no training... more Monday, 6 March 2017 8:56 AM - Rafi Read all user comments » 21 Dubai likely to lose 'shopper's paradise' status: S&P Looking at the strategy being played out in Downtown and at Dubai Mall it looks like someone has already worked out that the game is up with regard US... more Wednesday, 22 February 2017 1:09 PM - MT3 17 Countdown to VAT: are Gulf businesses ready? I feel with VAT in place from 2018, retailers, SMEs will figure out ways of Tax-evasion as it happens in most of the developing economies unless authorities... more Tuesday, 14 February 2017 1:10 PM - Diya Pardasani 10 Dubai ruler orders 4x4 stunt driver to clean the city's streets 4x4 let me guess. Nissan patrol or Land cruiser black windows. The same who drive into the back of your car on SZR and try to overtake everyone on the... more Wednesday, 1 March 2017 9:09 AM - savio Read all user comments » Visit other ITP Media Group sites AhlanLive.com ArabianBusiness.com/Arabic ArabianBusiness.com/Jobs ArabianBusiness.com/property ArabianIndustry.com ArabianOilAndGas.com ArabianSupplyChain.com ArabianTravelNews.net AviationBusinessME.com CommsMEA.com ConstructionWeekOnline.com ConstructionWeekOnline.in DesignMENA.com DigitalStudiome.com HotelierIndia.com HotelierMiddleeast.com ITP.com ITP.net (English / Arabic) Khabarkhaleeji.com Masala.com TimeOutAbuDhabi.com TimeOutBahrain.com TimeOutDubai.com (English / Arabic) TimeOutDoha.com TimeoutTickets.com Utilities-ME.com VivaMagazine.ae Associated Events Arabian Business Conference Arabian Business Kuwait Awards Architect Awards Arabian Business Awards, KSA, 2010 Arabian Business Women’s Forum CEO Middle East Awards CW Awards FM Awards Hotelier Awards MEP Awards StartUp Academy Supply Chain and Transport Awards Time Out Dubai Nightlife Awards Time Out Restaurant Awards (Abu Dhabi / Dubai) Subscriptions Magazines E-newsletters RSS Feeds » Banking & Finance Construction Travel & Hospitality Real Estate Technology Energy Media Retail Healthcare Education Transport Topics Topics Press Releases All Press Releases Tenders in the Middle East Tenders in the Middle East Join us on Published by & © 2017 ITP Digital Media Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us Subscribe Media kit Advertise With Us Press Releases
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com National March 3, 2017 8:35 AM These rattles have been making babies gag —and now they’re being recalled These rattles pose a choking hazard and have been recalled. CPSC i By Chris Cioffi ccioffi@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Parents give kids rattles to keep them occupied, but a new warning advises consumers to immediately take certain rattles away from their young children. At least 680,000 Oball baby rattles have been recalled in the U.S. after some toys reportedly broke and caused young children to gag. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission announced the recall Friday, saying that the firm received 42 reports of the toy’s plastic disc breaking and releasing small beads. Two of the reports said that beads were found in children’s mouths and three said that children gagged on them, according to the commission’s release. The toys were sold for $5 to $7 between January 2016 through February 2017 at Target, Walgreens, Walmart and online retailers including Amazon, Babyhaven.com, Diapers.com, ToysRUs.com, and Walgreens.com. Recalled Oball Rattles include pink, blue, green and orange models with the number 81031 printed on the inner surface of one of the plastic discs and on the packaging, the release said. The balls are 4 inches in diameter, and have 28 finger holes. Embedded in the rattles are a clear plastic disc with all orange beads and two clear plastic discs with beads of varying colors on the perimeter. Rattles included in the recall have the date codes T0486, T1456, T2316, T2856 and T3065 located on a small triangle on the inner surface of the rattle, the release said. For more information, contact Kids II, the company that makes the Oball, at 877-243-7314 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday. Kids II can also be reached online at kidsii.com. For more information, click on “Recalls” at the bottom of the page. In addition to the 680,000 sold in the U.S., 17,000 were sold in Canada, the CPSC release said. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids Pause 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation 1:15 Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field 4:45 UK travel channel features Miami's art scene 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 3:11 Derrick Williams talks about the Heat's power forward rotation 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 2:24 Offshore corporations: The secret shell game 1:38 Florida Panthers need short memories after rough few weeks Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email What to do if you think you have a recalled product There are many numbers and dates on the foods, drugs, cosmetics, and other products we use every day. Some help manufacturers track inventory, while others help retailers ensure quality. But when unsafe products must be removed from the market, these numb Credit: U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Chris Cioffi: 919-829-4802, @ReporterCioffi Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field Pause 1:50 States Take Tougher Stance on Protests 1:08 5 things to know about the California marijuana proposition 4:45 Rebirth of a Transgender Teenager 3:27 HB2: A timeline for North Carolina's newest law 3:09 Millennials ask: What's it like to retire? 2:07 Marijuana: Uncertain medicine 1:18 Guilty plea for man who delivered fatal blow caught on camera 1:25 Latino barber tries to reconcile immigrant roots and a Trump presidency 3:59 Pot and the presidency Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 14 hours ago Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 1:15 14 hours ago Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 3:09 3 days ago Millennials ask: What's it like to retire? 1:50 4 days ago States Take Tougher Stance on Protests View more video National As his young son dies, a father tries to squeeze a lifetime into a few months Trump signs new anti-terror travel ban _without new fanfare Supreme Court won't say if trans teen can pick bathroom Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Families of 9/11 victims might soon get day in court against Saudi officials Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,409 Reviews & Articles | 54,343 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI Z270 GAMING M7 Motherboard & CORE FROZR L CPU Cooler Home News Gaming One game, controller costs almost half of Switch's price A single game and a Pro controller costs almost half of the Nintendo Switch's total $299 price By: Derek Strickland | Gaming News | Posted: 3 days, 19 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA At $299 Nintendo's new Switch console is less than a PS4 or Xbox One, but the system has a galaxy of peripherals, accessories, and controllers that can rack the cost real high real fast.     Buying a Nintendo Switch Pro controller and Zelda: Breath of the Wild cost me $137 at my local Walmart: the Pro controller is $69.99 and Breath of the Wild cost your standard $59.99. That's nearly half of the Switch's total $299 retail price--so in essence I purchased a single game and a single controller for almost 50% of the console's price tag.   So why is the Nintendo Switch Pro controller so much, and why would you buy it when the Switch comes with two JoyCon controllers? The Pro controller sports the JoyCon's motion tracking, gyroscopes, accelerometer and HD Rumble tech in a much more user-friendly package. The controller is comfortable and well-made, and if you plan on getting the Switch to play Zelda: Breath of the Wild then you might want to invest in the device. But the biggest reason to pick it up is simple: gamers are having connection issues with the JoyCons.   I have to make it clear, though: the Switch Pro controller is 100% optional. The included JoyCon controllers will play all games just fine (assuming yours aren't affected by the desync issues!). All in all it's matter of preference, really.   I just wanted to give everyday consumers and gamers a bit of perspective on what to expect with the Switch in terms of cost.     Console launches are traditionally expensive. This is nothing new to the industry--just look at the PlayStation 3's massive price tag, for example. I still remember spending $100 on a 20GB hard drive for the Xbox 360 when it came out in 2005, and $60 for a portable memory card so I could take my saves with me on the go.   But the Switch has a massive array of add-ons, accessories, cases, chargers, tablet holders, straps and much more. Buying into these accessories could skyrocket your costs--but the basic essentials, like the Pro controller and the games--are still somewhat expensive.   Again, though, most of these things are 100% optional and are meant to supplement the console itself.   We'll be rolling out tons of Nintendo Switch coverage in the coming days, so keep an eye out for our content and our feature-length review on the system!   The Nintendo Switch is now available for $299. Check below for a massive catalog of Nintendo Switch coverage.     Everything we know about the Nintendo Switch:     Nintendo Switch runs cool, about 37C under load   Nintendo Switch has 25.9 GB available memory, OS is 4GB   Nintendo Switch may use 4GB LPDDR4 1600MHz RAM   Early Nintendo Switch consoles were actually stolen   Nintendo won't make you rebuy eShop games on the Switch   Nintendo Switch 480p downscale hint at Gamecube VC games   Zelda: Breath of the Wild will be a playground of fun   Satoru Iwata put lots of effort into the Nintendo Switch   Nintendo Switch supports wireless Bluetooth headsets   Zelda: Breath of the Wild has $20 season pass   Nintendo Switch uses 20nm Maxwell Tegra SoC   Nintendo Switch easy for devs, light years past Wii U   Hitman dev may be working on new IP for Nintendo Switch   Nintendo Switch could get Wii U game remasters   3DS supported alongside Switch 'for the time being'   Devs can 'easily' port PC games to the Nintendo Switch   Nintendo Switch JoyCons have 525mAh lithium ion battery   Nintendo Switch is the gamer's dream, says Hideo Kojima   Zelda: Breath of the Wild is about doing things your way   Nintendo Switch has over 100 games in development   Nintendo Switch paid online service only costs $26 a year   Nintendo Switch appeals to Japanese smartphone gamers   New Zelda is based on three words 'climb, live, protect'   EA: Nintendo listening to third-party Switch game devs   First footage of Nintendo Switch's touchscreen in action   Nintendo Switch games lineup: a visual guide   Nintendo Switch replaces Wii U on Nintendo homesite   Nintendo Switch battery life analysis   Resident Evil 7 isn't coming to Nintendo Switch   Zelda: Breath of the Wild's Hyrule is bigger than Skyrim   Zelda: Breath of the Wild has an awesome physics engine   Switch's 4310mAh battery takes 3 hours to fully recharge   Could the Nintendo Switch's hit full potential and boost CPU/GPU power via NVIDIA's cloud servers   Nintendo Switch will have 'steady pacing of content'   Switch is all about 'playing games anywhere with anyone'   Nintendo Switch will have 'steady pacing of content'   Putting Nintendo Switch launch games into perspective   Stock Nintendo Switch JoyConGrip won't recharge JoyCons   The new Zelda game takes up nearly half Switch's storage   Zelda: Breath of the Wild runs at 900p 30FPS docked, 720p 30FPS undocked   Nintendo Switch supports 2TB Micro SDXC cards   Nintendo Switch online chat requires smartphone app   Here's why Nintendo Switch doesn't come with any games   Nintendo will soon charging gamers to play online multiplayer via subscription service   Nintendo Switch UI revealed, let's take a closer look   Nintendo Switch touchscreen has haptic feedback tech   Nintendo stock drops after Switch unveil event   Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on Switch runs at 1080p when docked   Nintendo Switch hardware specs revealed   Nintendo Switch costs $299, coming March 3   Nintendo Switch battery life is 2.5 hours to 6 hours   New Mario: Odyssey game won't be Nintendo Switch launch title   Zelda: Breath of the Wild is Switch launch game   Recommended for You How to hold the Nintendo Switch handheld properly Switch JoyCon specs reveal exact Bluetooth range New Halo game in the works, story not written yet Nintendo Switch warranty hints at game save backups... >> NEXT STORY: Switch Pro controller recharges via USB 2.0 Type-A << PREVIOUS STORY: Ahoy! It's the new 'Pirates of the Caribbean' trailer! Related Tags Nintendo Switch Switch Nintendo Gaming Walmart NVIDIA Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Windows 10's new insider build has mixed reality support NVIDIA's GTC 2017 will have $30K prizes for VR content GALAX's upcoming GTX 1080 Ti looks GREAT #dowant GTX 1080 Ti overclocked: 63C, Titan X level performance ZOTAC teases 'the fastest' GeForce GTX 1080 Ti is comingView More News Posts Forum Activity AMD Ryzen 7 1700 and 1700X CPU Review AMD Ryzen SSD Storage Performance Preview Please help diagnose POST failure (GA-170X-UD5) Malicious Software Removal Tool MRT | UNISTALL-BLOCK| Samsung SSD 960 PRO NVMe M.2 on GA-Z170X-UD5-THView More Forum Posts Press Releases The next level of cinematic storytelling is hitting the VR film landscape as Lyndsy Fonseca and Tony Denison lead cast in Ilya Rozhkov's VR film AGENT EMERSON ASUS announces ROG Strix GeForce GTX 1080 Ti and Turbo GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Best Buy Canada launches EUROCOM Tornado F5 high-performance laptops available in online store G.SKILL announces Flare X Series and FORTIS Series DDR4 memory for AMD Ryzen ENERMAX intros ETS-N31, the compact CPU cooler with 92mm fanView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska U.S. Lighting Products Market is Forecast to Reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024: Recent Strategies Aimed at Boosting Use of Solar Power to Create Lucrative Opportunities | TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Mar 03, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article ALBANY, New York, March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The U.S. lighting products market exhibits the presence of varied players and a large number of retailers. With the leading players vying to gain the lion's share, the U.S. lighting products market exhibits a highly competitive landscape. Moreover, this lighting industry operates at surplus of products, causing fiercer rivalry among players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a recent study. The Home Depot, Lowes, Target, Wal-Mart, Bed Bath & Beyond, Sam's Club, Menards, and Costco are among the leading market players. Of these companies, The Home Depot emerged dominant holding a share of over 19% in the overall market in 2015. It is currently focusing on its future plans of expanding the presence across the U.S. suburban area. On account of such business policies, The Home Depot's dominance is expected to continue through the report's forecast period. Other companies as well will focus on expanding their regional presence in order to gain sustainable growth in the near future. According to TMR, the U.S. lighting products market, which stood at US$185.65 bn in 2015, is forecast to reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024. If these figures hold true, the U.S. lighting products market will progress at a CAGR of 5.0% between 2016 and 2024. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-lighting-products-market.html Residential Lighting Segment to be a Major Contributor to Market's Growth  By standalone type, pace of gains in the others segment is projected to remain the highest through the forecast period. The T8LED tube bulb segment will emerge as the second-lead in the market and held around 26% of the overall market in terms of value in 2016. Based on application, the residential lighting segment emerged dominant in 2015 and is expected to continue leading the market through the forecast period. TMR predicted its overall value-based share to reach over 69% by the end of 2016. The residential lighting segment is expected to gain from the increasing demand for retrofitting in the U.S. Growth Witnessed in Construction Sector to Fuel Demand for Lighting Products  The lighting products market in the U.S. is treading along a positive curve. The rising installation of bulbs and lighting fixtures across major applications will aid the expansion of the U.S. lighting products market. Growth witnessed in the residential and non-residential constructions will thus have an inevitable impact on the overall demand for lighting products. Besides new constructions, the demand for retrofitting advance bulbs and tubes will emerge as a chief market driver. For more information on this report, fill the form @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=185 As the country focuses on propagating energy-efficiency and implements supportive policies, the U.S. will witness a considerable surge in the demand for lighting products across residential, industrial, commercial, and outdoor applications. Given the scenario, the demand for LED tubes and bulbs has accelerated. In the coming years other market segments are prophesized to benefit as well in response to the rising awareness. Further, the market is likely to benefit from the rising purchase of chandeliers and other customizable lighting products aimed at enhancing the aesthetic view of residential and commercial complexes. Further, the growth in the purchase of chandelier and other customized fixture to enhance the aesthetic view of a premises at commercial and residential arena has made the U.S lighting product market attractive for new players. Declining Construction of New Homes Poses Threat to Market  Because the market's success is intrinsically linked with construction activities within an economy, decline in construction of new homes witnessed in the U.S. will have a negative influence in its overall trajectory. This will act as a major growth barrier, threatening the market's expansion in the coming years. Nevertheless, the U.S. is efficiently testing solar powered lighting products to bolster the use of non-renewable resources across industries. Several manufacturing companies are venturing into this practice by providing a wide-range of solar-powered decorative lighting products. This, coupled with investments in technological developments, will aid the lighting products market's expansion in the U.S. in the coming years. Browse Press Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/us-lighting-products-market.htm This review is based on a TMR report, titled "Lighting Products Market - U.S. Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024." The report segments the U.S. lighting products market as: The U.S. Lighting Product Market  By Product  By Standalone Type LED Tubes & Bulbs T8 LED tubes & bulbs Others(Incandescent, High Intensity Discharge) By Lighting Fixture Ceiling Fixtures Recessed Lighting Fixture Strip Light Fixture Others (Chandeliers, Pendants, etc.) By Application  Residential Lighting Table Lamp Floor Lamp Desk Lamp Others Commercial Lighting Industrial Lighting Outdoor Lighting (Street Lights, Parking Garage, Landscape, etc.) By Retailers  The Home Depot Lowes Target Wal-Mart Bed Bath & Beyond Sam's Club Costco Menards Top Most Research Reports by TMR:  Lighting Fixtures Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/lighting-fixture-market.html Smart Lighting Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/smart-lighting-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research Mar 06, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Worldwide Cloud Robotics Market Will Exhibit a CAGR of 32.4% by 2024; Advent of Advanced Connectivity Technologies Will Help in Mitigating Security Threats, Says TMR Mar 03, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Thin Wafer Processing and Dicing Equipment Market to Reach US$692.5 Million by the end of 2024; Despite Continued Usage of Blade Dicing, Laser Dicing to Emerge More Lucrative, Says TMR My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 06, 2017, 09:30 ETPoint of Sale (PoS) Receipt Printer Market Will Exhibit a CAGR of... Mar 06, 2017, 08:30 ETGlobal Gastrointestinal Drugs Market to Reach US$61.1 bn by 2024:... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Electrical Utilities Construction & Building Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: U.S. Lighting Products Market is Forecast to Reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024: Recent Strategies Aimed at Boosting Use of Solar Power to Create Lucrative Opportunities | TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Mar 03, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics NFLX AAPL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > Leave Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stock to the Savages Sears stock is like a great beast being devoured by wolves, but its assets are still a hearty meal By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  Feb 28, 2017, 9:35 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Could Break $1,000 If … 7 Ultra-Cheap Value Stocks to Buy Now The Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stock Rally Is Nearing Its End Recent Posts: Why Facebook Inc (FB) Stock Could Have More Problems Than You Think Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (BABA) Stock Is the Real Omnichannel Play GoPro Inc (GPRO) Stock Needs to Be Taken Out Soon View All Posts Before there was Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), there was Sears Holdings Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD) and the Sears catalog. Before there was a Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT), there were SHLD department stores in working-class neighborhoods around the U.S. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr Discover Financial Services (NYSE:DFS), Allstate Corp (NYSE:ALL) and such brands as Kenmore, Craftsman and DieHard, all came out of Sears. The first attempt to build a service like the modern internet, Prodigy, began with SHLD. At one time, the company owned Dean Witter and Coldwell Banker. Until Walmart overtook it in 1990, Sears was America’s biggest retailer. The company owned both National Tire & Battery and Lands’ End. In the 1970s the Sears Tower in Chicago was the tallest building in the world. Many investors, including InvestorPlace readers, see the fall of SHLD stock as a peculiar American tragedy. The company became too vast and its management became too distant. The lesson is that size will not save you, that businesses must remain lean, hungry and focused to stay on top, and that anyone can fall. Sears Stock and the Tragedy of Eddie Lampert The fall of Sears stock was already foreseen when hedge fund manager Eddie Lampert merged it with Kmart to create the present SHLD in 2004. He is also, now, part of the tragedy. Lampert is the harder side of Sears. A follower of Ayn Rand ( according to Wikipedia), he was said to be worth $3.8 billion as recently as 2006. By last August, his net worth was estimated at $2.2 billion. Lampert’s fortune was caught trying to save the company. Warren Buffett saw this coming as far back as 2005. SHLD’s margins were too large, its distribution system too cumbersome and its stores already felt backward, he said. He was right. What Can Be Salvaged From SHLD Stock? SHLD is now a Grey Gardens of retailing. Anyone can see it in a walkthrough. Empty shelves, listless employees — predicting the date of its demise has become a cottage industry. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/sears-holdings-corp-shld-stock-savages/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Stocks Set for All-Time Lows 5 Value Traps Every Investor Must Avoid 3 Gun Stocks That Should BOOM Soon 3 High-Yield Stocks of 14%+: Are They Safe? Don’t Worry About Microsoft Just Yet Tesla Stock Is the New Amazon ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 7 Stocks That Will Hit All-Time Lows in 2017 5 Value Traps Every Investor Must Steer Clear From 3 High-Yield Stocks of 14%-Plus: Are They Safe? 3 Gun Stocks That Will BOOM on the Concealed Carry Act Should I Buy BlackBerry Ltd (BBRY)? 3 Pros, 3 Cons Most Popular 7 Stocks to Buy That Are ALMOST in Buffett Buying Range 5 Blue-Chip Stocks to Buy in March 10 Super-Safe Dividend Growth Stocks to Buy Today 7 Stocks That Will Hit All-Time Highs in 2017 7 Telecom Stocks That Are High-Yield Money Traps 10 Dangerous Dividend Stocks to Dump Now Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS Chinese New Year Super Bowl Valentine's Day Oscar Party Mardi Gras St. Patrick's Day Easter Passover Kentucky Derby Cinco De Mayo Labor Day 4th of July NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest North Korea Has a Fancy New Japanese Sushi Restaurant Ivana Trump's Ex-Husband Thinks People Will Want To Buy His Pizza ​Lumiere Has Nothing on Jose Andrés' 10-Course 'Beauty & the Beast'-Inspired Dinner​ You Can Take a Maple Syrup Bath at a Spa in Japan ​Canada Recalled a Vodka Because It Had Too Much Alcohol This Is The Beer Drinkers Are Most Loyal To Top Chef Winner Brooke Williamson Says She 'Executed a Really Flawless' Finale Meal Why Is Arby's Putting Fried Fish On Their Massive Meat Sandwich? This Guy Bought the World’s Saddest Bag of Chips For the First Time You Will Be Able To Get Eggslut Sandwiches On The East Coast Home News Previous Nutrition Facts Will Get a Makeover Next Year Next Get Paid to Travel the World and Stay in Luxury Homes Costco Is Hiking Its Membership Fees Latest North Korea Has a Fancy New Japanese Sushi Restaurant Ivana Trump's Ex-Husband Thinks People Will Want To Buy His Pizza ​Lumiere Has Nothing on Jose Andrés' 10-Course 'Beauty & the Beast'-Inspired Dinner​ You Can Take a Maple Syrup Bath at a Spa in Japan ​Canada Recalled a Vodka Because It Had Too Much Alcohol This Is The Beer Drinkers Are Most Loyal To Top Chef Winner Brooke Williamson Says She 'Executed a Really Flawless' Finale Meal Why Is Arby's Putting Fried Fish On Their Massive Meat Sandwich? This Guy Bought the World’s Saddest Bag of Chips For the First Time You Will Be Able To Get Eggslut Sandwiches On The East Coast By Phil Wahba Posted March 03, 2017 Costco Wholesale on Thursday announced a membership fee hike, even as it reported disappointing revenues and profit for its second fiscal quarter. The company, the second largest U.S. retailer after Walmart, will raise the price of its Gold Star membership by $5 per year to $60, and lift its Executive membership fee $10 a year to $120 as of June 1. Costco last increased the fee November 2011 and raises it about every five or six years. The hike was widely anticipated by Wall Street analysts and is revenue that will go straight to Costco’s bottom line: Costco’s 86.7 million card holders spent $2.6 billion on membership fees in fiscal 2016, essentially making up nearly three-quarters of its $3.6 billion in operating income. And the increase could prove to be a boon. Last year, Costco switched its Citi-issued membership credit card to Visa from American Express, making Costco membership available to far more households and vastly increasing Costco’s potential customer base. In a research note earlier this week, UBS predicted consumers would not balk at an increase and noted that the increased incentives from the Visa card, which gives customers 2% cash back on Costco transactions, compared to 1% with the previous AmEx cards, mean that “Costco credit card customers would need to spend just $500 in a year to break even on a $5 membership fee hike.” The Wall Street Journal has reported that J.P. Morgan Chase projects a membership fee increase could add another three to five percentage points to annual earnings growth over the next two years. That would be a welcome boost for a company whose profit growth has slowed in recent years. Still, the news of hike were not enough to overshadow Costco’s results, which sent its shares down 4% in after hours trading. Revenue in the quarter ended Feb. 12, was $29.13 billion, below Wall Street forecasts for $29.86 billion, while earnings per share were $1.17, compared to $1.36. Comparable sales were up 3%, missing expectations for a 3.5% increases. This article originally appeared on Fortune. Previous Nutrition Facts Will Get a Makeover Next Year Next Get Paid to Travel the World and Stay in Luxury Homes Sponsored Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Mardi Gras Recipes Mother's Day Recipes Memorial Day Recipes Father's Day Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Holiday Gift Guide Christmas Christmas Dinner New Year's Eve Hanukkah Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Electrical Utilities | Construction & Building | Surveys, Polls and Research U.S. Lighting Products Market is Forecast to Reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024: Recent Strategies Aimed at Boosting Use of Solar Power to Create Lucrative Opportunities | TMR ALBANY, New York, March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The U.S. lighting products market exhibits the presence of varied players and a large number of retailers. With the leading players vying to gain the lion's share, the U.S. lighting products market exhibits a highly competitive landscape. Moreover, this lighting industry operates at surplus of products, causing fiercer rivalry among players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a recent study. The Home Depot, Lowes, Target, Wal-Mart, Bed Bath & Beyond, Sam's Club, Menards, and Costco are among the leading market players. Of these companies, The Home Depot emerged dominant holding a share of over 19% in the overall market in 2015. It is currently focusing on its future plans of expanding the presence across the U.S. suburban area. On account of such business policies, The Home Depot's dominance is expected to continue through the report's forecast period. Other companies as well will focus on expanding their regional presence in order to gain sustainable growth in the near future. According to TMR, the U.S. lighting products market, which stood at US$185.65 bn in 2015, is forecast to reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024. If these figures hold true, the U.S. lighting products market will progress at a CAGR of 5.0% between 2016 and 2024. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-lighting-products-market.html Residential Lighting Segment to be a Major Contributor to Market's Growth  By standalone type, pace of gains in the others segment is projected to remain the highest through the forecast period. The T8LED tube bulb segment will emerge as the second-lead in the market and held around 26% of the overall market in terms of value in 2016. Based on application, the residential lighting segment emerged dominant in 2015 and is expected to continue leading the market through the forecast period. TMR predicted its overall value-based share to reach over 69% by the end of 2016. The residential lighting segment is expected to gain from the increasing demand for retrofitting in the U.S. Growth Witnessed in Construction Sector to Fuel Demand for Lighting Products  The lighting products market in the U.S. is treading along a positive curve. The rising installation of bulbs and lighting fixtures across major applications will aid the expansion of the U.S. lighting products market. Growth witnessed in the residential and non-residential constructions will thus have an inevitable impact on the overall demand for lighting products. Besides new constructions, the demand for retrofitting advance bulbs and tubes will emerge as a chief market driver. For more information on this report, fill the form @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=185 As the country focuses on propagating energy-efficiency and implements supportive policies, the U.S. will witness a considerable surge in the demand for lighting products across residential, industrial, commercial, and outdoor applications. Given the scenario, the demand for LED tubes and bulbs has accelerated. In the coming years other market segments are prophesized to benefit as well in response to the rising awareness. Further, the market is likely to benefit from the rising purchase of chandeliers and other customizable lighting products aimed at enhancing the aesthetic view of residential and commercial complexes. Further, the growth in the purchase of chandelier and other customized fixture to enhance the aesthetic view of a premises at commercial and residential arena has made the U.S lighting product market attractive for new players. Declining Construction of New Homes Poses Threat to Market  Because the market's success is intrinsically linked with construction activities within an economy, decline in construction of new homes witnessed in the U.S. will have a negative influence in its overall trajectory. This will act as a major growth barrier, threatening the market's expansion in the coming years. Nevertheless, the U.S. is efficiently testing solar powered lighting products to bolster the use of non-renewable resources across industries. Several manufacturing companies are venturing into this practice by providing a wide-range of solar-powered decorative lighting products. This, coupled with investments in technological developments, will aid the lighting products market's expansion in the U.S. in the coming years. Browse Press Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/us-lighting-products-market.htm This review is based on a TMR report, titled "Lighting Products Market - U.S. Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024." The report segments the U.S. lighting products market as: The U.S. Lighting Product Market  By Product  By Standalone Type LED Tubes & Bulbs T8 LED tubes & bulbs Others(Incandescent, High Intensity Discharge) By Lighting Fixture Ceiling Fixtures Recessed Lighting Fixture Strip Light Fixture Others (Chandeliers, Pendants, etc.) By Application  Residential Lighting Table Lamp Floor Lamp Desk Lamp Others Commercial Lighting Industrial Lighting Outdoor Lighting (Street Lights, Parking Garage, Landscape, etc.) By Retailers  The Home Depot Lowes Target Wal-Mart Bed Bath & Beyond Sam's Club Costco Menards Top Most Research Reports by TMR:  Lighting Fixtures Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/lighting-fixture-market.html Smart Lighting Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/smart-lighting-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research More by this Source Point of Sale (PoS) Receipt Printer Market Will Exhibit a CAGR of 7.7% by 2025; Demand for Improved Mobility in Retail and Hospitality Sectors to Boost Growth, Says TMR 06 Mar, 2017, 14:30 GMT Global Gastrointestinal Drugs Market to Reach US$61.1 bn by 2024: Rising Demand for Acid Neutralizers to Reflect Positively on Market's Growth, Observes TMR 06 Mar, 2017, 13:30 GMT Worldwide Cloud Robotics Market Will Exhibit a CAGR of 32.4% by 2024; Advent of Advanced Connectivity Technologies Will Help in Mitigating Security Threats, Says TMR 06 Mar, 2017, 12:30 GMT View all news by Transparency Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
17 nonprofit leaders to watch in 2017 LV Business Cycle Get Smart FAST FACTS: Can Best Buy, Target turn things around? Target turnaround? CHRISTOPHER DILTS / BLOOMBERG Customers push a shopping cart toward the entrance of a Target store in Chicago on May 16, 2016. Target announced Wednesday it is planning to remodel more than 600 of its stores to draw in more customers. Customers push a shopping cart toward the entrance of a Target store in Chicago on May 16, 2016. Target announced Wednesday it is planning to remodel more than 600 of its stores to draw in more customers. (CHRISTOPHER DILTS / BLOOMBERG) Wire, staff reports Can Target and Best Buy turn things around with their new plans for struggling stores? Attempting to survive the challenge from online retailers such as Amazon.com, Best Buy and Target are looking to make big changes to their stores to draw in customers. But not everyone sees this is a viable plan. Some quick facts on how the stores plan to change and what investors and critics think of the plans: Why is the change necessary? More than two-thirds of the U.S. population aged 14 and over will buy something online this year, according to researcher eMarketer. 65 million Americans are already Amazon Prime customers. And foot traffic at malls and stores has dropped considerably as more people strapped for time, shop online. Shortcomings: In its earnings report Wednesday, Best Buy outlined sluggish demand for smartphones and muted reception for wearable devices, as well as an "unprecedented" shortage of popular items, such as drones, tablets and Apple watches. What is the plan? Best Buy said it will expand online operatons, offer more higher-margin services such as its Geek Squad repairs and expand internationally. It has started shipping goods from all of its stores, which speeds up deliveries. Target plans to cut prices, remodel more than 800 stores and open smaller locations in cities and near college campuses to better compete with Amazon and Wal-Mart, and launch new brands. It will also start using its stores as online shipping hubs. Target also plans to offer more consistent low prices on essential items to be more competitive with rival Wal-mart. Caption WATCH: New expressions in origami The Allentown Art Museum presents the opening day of "Above the Fold: New Expressions in Origami” on Sunday, March 5, 2017. Above the Fold is the first traveling exhibition to bring origami installations from around the world to North American audiences. The Allentown Art Museum presents the opening day of "Above the Fold: New Expressions in Origami” on Sunday, March 5, 2017. Above the Fold is the first traveling exhibition to bring origami installations from around the world to North American audiences. Caption WATCH: New expressions in origami The Allentown Art Museum presents the opening day of "Above the Fold: New Expressions in Origami” on Sunday, March 5, 2017. Above the Fold is the first traveling exhibition to bring origami installations from around the world to North American audiences. The Allentown Art Museum presents the opening day of "Above the Fold: New Expressions in Origami” on Sunday, March 5, 2017. Above the Fold is the first traveling exhibition to bring origami installations from around the world to North American audiences. Caption What's next for old Kraft plant in Upper Macungie? Ridgeline Property Group has started demolishing the former Kraft plant at 7352 Industrial Blvd., clearing the way for its plans to build a two-warehouse complex there. Ridgeline Property Group has started demolishing the former Kraft plant at 7352 Industrial Blvd., clearing the way for its plans to build a two-warehouse complex there. Caption Former Kraft Heinz plant begins to crumble Just weeks after the sale closed, landmark Upper Macungie factory’s demolition begins. Just weeks after the sale closed, landmark Upper Macungie factory’s demolition begins. Caption WATCH: 15th annual Spring Eastern Pennsylvania Home Show Home owners attend the 15th annual Spring Eastern Pennsylvania Home Show inside the Agri-Plex at the Allentown Fairgrounds on Sunday, March 5, 2017. The event features 200 companies and vendors.  Home owners attend the 15th annual Spring Eastern Pennsylvania Home Show inside the Agri-Plex at the Allentown Fairgrounds on Sunday, March 5, 2017. The event features 200 companies and vendors.  Caption VIDEO: Video game gambling machines in Pa. casinos Pennsylvania lawmakers are considering whether to legalize gambling machines that look like video games.  Pennsylvania lawmakers are considering whether to legalize gambling machines that look like video games.  The pinch for investors: They may not have the stomach for initial costs. Shares for Target Corp. (TGT) and Best Buy (BBY) dropped in trading Wednesday. Best Buy said its plans will affect profit in 2017. Target cut this year's earnings estimates by about 25 percent and said it wouldn't see profit growth until 2019. What's next: If the retail giants don't figure something out soon, they'll likely go the way of other struggling retailers, like Sears or hhgregg. Investors are likely to see more pain before things turnaround. HHGregg's woes could end up helping Best Buy, eliminating competition. – Compiled by Eileen Faust Information from the Associated Press. Get the inside scoop on the Lehigh Valley's business scene on The Business Cycle, themorningcall.com/business Like on Facebook: facebook.com/LVBizCycle Follow on Twitter: @LVBizCycle Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle Best Buy Co., Inc. Target Corp. Amazon.com Inc. RETAIL Breaking Popular Obits Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds Go Guide App 39°
Great Bend Post Great Bend News, Opinion, Video Local News Sports Events Entertainment Other Trading Post Obituaries Great Bend Eats Ernie’s Bar & Grill Granny’s Kitchen Kiowa Kitchen Lone Wolf Restaurant Playa Azul The Rack Billiard Cafe Employment Wall Contact Progress continues on second phase of Great Bend apartments March 3, 2017 by Cole Reif 4 Comments Progress is starting to become more noticeable for the second phase of the Great Bend apartments at The Reserves at Trail Ridge. Both the concrete slabs are in the place and framing continues to go vertical for the housing units at 811 Grant Street, next to Walmart. Matt Gillam serves as the Vice President of Development for Overland Property Group, the acting developer for the apartment. Gillam says the nicer weather has assisted with construction getting ahead of schedule. Matt Gillam Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/gillam-next-1.mp3 Gillam says they are looking for a September 2017 date to have the construction on the 48-unit apartment complex complete. The complex, when all said and done, will consist of 96 units. Gillam says the second phase of building will look exactly the same as the first phase except there will be one-bedroom apartments in the new structure. Matt Gillam Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/gillam-next-2.mp3 The new buildings will consist of 12 one-bedroom units, 24 two-bedroom units, and 12 three-bedroom units. The low-income apartment complex is the first apartments built of this size in Great Bend since the 1970s. Questions on the need for more low-income housing, increased crime, and giving the developer Overland Property Group tax credits through a Rural Housing Incentive District (RHID) were potential barricades at the Great Bend City Council meetings. The council approved the RHID with a 6-2 vote. Council member Mike Zinn and Brock McPherson voted against the motion. Share this: Google Twitter Email Facebook Filed Under: Featured, Local Comments I'm Being Ridiculous says March 3, 2017 at 1:16 pm Forward growth….Not so much. Current score: 3 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply charles says March 3, 2017 at 6:03 pm Poice are called there often. Current score: 1 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply DEWEY BALL says March 4, 2017 at 6:12 am There may be problems from time to time but the need for these is great. I think of all those in the High Rise, those waiting to get in and now there another option. I like it. Current score: 0 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply charles says March 4, 2017 at 9:48 am There are not problems there from time to time, there are problems there multiple times daily. Current score: 1 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © 2017 · Great Bend Post - Great Bend, KS · Powered by Eagle Communications | EEO Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HOME & GARDEN Don't make these 5 mistakes when buying luxury sheets The McDonalds know their sheets. Jay L. Clendenin / Los Angeles Times We turned to the experts -- Jimmy and Stephanie MacDonald, founders of Authenticity 50, which makes sheets exclusively in the U.S. -- for tips for buying a great set of sheets. We turned to the experts -- Jimmy and Stephanie MacDonald, founders of Authenticity 50, which makes sheets exclusively in the U.S. -- for tips for buying a great set of sheets. (Jay L. Clendenin / Los Angeles Times) Carren Jao We spend as much as one-third of our lives asleep. It only makes sense to invest in a good night’s rest by finding the perfect set of sheets, so we asked Jimmy and Stephanie MacDonald, founders of Redondo Beach-based Authenticity 50, for some tips. The husband-and-wife team has scoured the country for partners that would allow their company to produce bedding made in the U.S., in the process learning what makes a great set of sheets. Unlike other companies that claim their products are made in the U.S.A. based on where their cotton  is grown or their bedding is sewn, Authenticity 50 offers sheets that are made domestically from seed to stitch. The cotton is grown in the San Joaquin Valley;  the thread is spun in Georgia; and the fabric is woven, cut and sewn in the Carolinas. Items are sold online at authenticity50.com with a refund if, after 100 nights, customers aren’t satisfied. Here’s what  the MacDonalds have to say: 1. Extra long cotton fiber is extra better “If you want to have high-quality sheets, you need quality cotton,” says Jimmy. That means extra long staple cotton, a cotton fiber that is 1 3/8 inches or longer. The additional length allows the cotton to be spun into a durable single-ply thread that can then be woven into a softer, finer fabric. Since fiber length is rarely touted, an easy way to check is to see whether the sheets are made of Supima cotton. “The Supima Assn. of America knows every grower it works with, so when you say Supima cotton, it has a verified providence,” Stephanie says. How to fold a fitted sheet Stephanie McDonald, co-founder of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrates a technique for folding a fitted sheet.   Stephanie McDonald, co-founder of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrates a technique for folding a fitted sheet.   See more videos Cotton providence has been a hot topic lately, especially after Walmart and Target dropped products from Welspun India Ltd. over allegations that the manufacturer had mislabeled  sheets as being made of high-end Egyptian cotton. The Cotton Egypt Assn., the organization that licenses and certifies suppliers using Egyptian cotton, estimates that as much as 90% of products labeled “Egyptian cotton” are fakes. The Supima association, on the other hand, has more stringent quality control. 2. Choose percale unless you have sensitive skin “Percale weave is the best to sleep in, except for those with extra sensitive skin,” says Jimmy. Because percale has one horizontal yarn for every vertical yarn in the weave, it results in a more breathable sheet, which can stand up to repeated washing. Sateen, in contrast, features four vertical yarns for every horizontal yarn, which results in a tighter weave and a smoother hand feel, but it can be more susceptible to piling. 3. Count the stitches Construction is key. “Make sure your sheets are not made cheaply,” says Stephanie. A telltale sign of good sheets is the presence of high-grade elastic all around — not just in the four corners. If you’re extra vigilant, break out the ruler and make sure there are 10 or more stitches per inch on your sheets. Or simply peek into the stitching of the pillowcase. “That’ll give you an indication of what the rest of the sheets are going to look like,” says Stephanie. The duvet burrito roll trick Stephanie and Jimmy McDonald, co-founders of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrate their duvet burrito roll trick - a quick and easy way to fit a duvet into its slipcover. Stephanie and Jimmy McDonald, co-founders of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrate their duvet burrito roll trick - a quick and easy way to fit a duvet into its slipcover. See more videos Cheaper sets are made with five to seven stitches per inch. Jimmy says. “More stitches per inch costs more to manufacture, because it takes longer for the sewing machine to finish, but the sheets won’t fall apart after multiple washes.” 4. Wrinkles welcome Wrinkles may be a good thing when it comes to sheets, the MacDonalds say. To create wrinkle-resistant fabric, the sheets are treated with a resin that releases formaldehyde, a chemical closely associated with embalming fluid. “I don’t want to be laying my face in something that’s been cooked in a known carcinogen,” says Jimmy. Rather than search for wrinkle-free sheets, try placing your sheets on your bed as soon as they’re done drying. The leftover heat from the process will help you smooth out the wrinkles by hand. 5. Look for an honest thread count “The highest thread count with a percale weave is 350 and 500 for sateen,” says Jimmy. Anything above that is a marketing ploy where manufacturers use multi-ply yarns instead of stronger single-ply ones. “It’s like braiding hair,” says Jimmy. “You take yarn and spin them together to make one thick yarn to make the fabric. But that creates lower-quality, heavy yarn, which tends to unravel, pill or break.” Given that sly bit of math, an 800-count sheet could really be a 200-count sheet made using four-ply yarn. home@latimes.com Caption Dior Addict Lacquer Stick Peter Philips, creative and image director of Dior Makeup, demonstrates the new Dior Addict Lacquer Stick. Peter Philips, creative and image director of Dior Makeup, demonstrates the new Dior Addict Lacquer Stick. Caption Dior Addict Lacquer Stick Peter Philips, creative and image director of Dior Makeup, demonstrates the new Dior Addict Lacquer Stick. Peter Philips, creative and image director of Dior Makeup, demonstrates the new Dior Addict Lacquer Stick. Caption The snow just keeps coming at mammoth More than 500 inches have piled up at the Eastern Sierra resort. More than 500 inches have piled up at the Eastern Sierra resort. Caption How to fold a fitted sheet Stephanie McDonald, co-founder of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrates a technique for folding a fitted sheet.   Stephanie McDonald, co-founder of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrates a technique for folding a fitted sheet.   Caption The duvet burrito roll trick Stephanie and Jimmy McDonald, co-founders of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrate their duvet burrito roll trick - a quick and easy way to fit a duvet into its slipcover. Stephanie and Jimmy McDonald, co-founders of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrate their duvet burrito roll trick - a quick and easy way to fit a duvet into its slipcover. Caption Danny Trejo's vegan cauliflower taco Actor Danny Trejo's restaurant, Trejo's Cantina, serves up a healthful and tasty vegan taco -- roasted cauliflower and grilled corn with cashews. Actor Danny Trejo's restaurant, Trejo's Cantina, serves up a healthful and tasty vegan taco -- roasted cauliflower and grilled corn with cashews. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Eavesdrop on morning rehearsals at the Hollywood Bowl Why all the fuss over bone broth? It's just a fancy name for stock This is what the storm damage in Yosemite looks like, and this is what it means Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
South Africa   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa International   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   LibyaMarketing & MediaMarketing & MediaPR & Communications All industries Marketing & Media South Africa Marketing & Media Africa International Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education & Training Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media Out of Home PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing All Articles Companies Events Galleries Jobs People Advertise Submit Contact Africa All industries Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   Libya   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe International Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism All Agriculture Agri Tech Agribusiness Agro-processing Aquaculture Commercial Fishing Commodities & Fairtrade Fertilisers & GMOs Food Security Forestry Horticulture Sustainability Trends All Automotive Maintenance & Safety Manufacturing & Parts Motorcycles Motoring Reviews Motorsport Petrochemical Retail & Rental Trends All Building Architecture & Design Building Materials & Equipment Construction & Engineering Property Development Smart Buildings & Cities Sustainable Development Trends Utilities All CSI & Sustainability Circular Economy Climate Change Education & Training Environment & Natural Resources Food, Water & Energy Security Health & Welfare Inclusion & Equality Infrastructure and Technology Pollution & Waste Management Sustainability Month Trends All Education Distance Learning E-learning Higher Education Primary & Secondary Education Skills Training Trends All Energy & Mining Energy Markets & Investment Mining Nuclear Power Renewables & Energy Efficiency Science & Engineering Trends All Finance Accounting & Auditing Banking Budget Speech Education & Training Financial Services Fintech Insurance & Actuarial Markets & Investment Taxation & Regulation Trends Venture Capital All Healthcare Aesthetic Medicine Cardiology Chronic Diseases CSI Dentistry Disease Groups Ear, Nose & Throat Emergency Procedures Ethical Medicines Exercise Science Exhibitions & Events Financial Services Food Crisis Gastroenterology Generic Medicines HIV/AIDS Hospital Groups Infectious Diseases Malaria Medical Aid Medical Research Medical Technology Mental health Neurology NPO Nutrition Obstetrics & Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Paediatrics Palliative care Pharmaceutical Companies Pharmaceuticals Public Health Sports Science Surgical Equipment & Products Surgical Procedures Trends Tuberculosis Women's Health All HR Entrepreneurship HR Tools & Software Labour Law & Unions Management Skills Development & Training Talent Acquisition Trends All ICT App and website development Cloud Computing Cyber Security Data Management Hardware Internet Network Services Software Tech Startups Technology Telecommunications Trends All Legal Competition Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law Cyber Law Environmental Law Immigration & Citizenship Law Labour Law Land & Property Law Law of Succession Law Practice Legislation Media & Entertainment Law Medical Law Public Liability Tax Law Trends All Lifestyle Art Events Fashion Food & Wine Movies Music Sport Theatre Travel Trends Wellness Win All Logistics & Transport Aviation Cargo & Storage Distribution Fleet Management Public Transport Railway Shipping Supply Chain Transport Trends Warehousing All Manufacturing Industrial automation Machinery Manufacturing Trends All Marketing & Media Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media OOH PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing In the news Enquire about a company press office All Property Commercial Property Industrial Property Market & Investments Property Management Rental Residential Trends All Retail Banking & Finance Branding CGF Global Summit Cold Chain Commercial Property CRM CSI E-commerce eCommerce Awards Exhibitions & Events Fashion, Clothing & Textiles FMCG Franchising Green Sustainability Health & Safety Hospitality Import/Export In-store Media Informal Retailing Manufacturing Merchandising Packaging Refrigeration Regulatory Research Retail Marketing Retail Services Retail Trends Retailers Sales Security Shopfitting Supply Chain Technology Training Trends All Tourism Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality Restaurant Supply Tourism Tours Travel Trends PR & Communications News Menu News MyBiz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People directory Companies Multimedia News My Biz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People Companies Multimedia News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Newsletter archive Most read articles Submit news My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My CV My favourites My portfolio/showcase My followers Following people Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info My press office Open a Biz Press Office Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job advert Recruitment login Submit a job Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Articles Contributors A-Z Contribute Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Company listings Associations My company Press office companies Get a company listing Video Audio Galleries Images Submit your media News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read Subscribe to industry newsletters [Bizcommunitoon] Cell C and Telkom [Jeremy Nell] More... #DesignIndaba2017: The grand finaleTerry Levin #DesignIndaba2017: Designing with empathyLouise Marsland #DesignIndaba2017: Dances with dataTerry Levin #DesignIndaba2017: All the trends and key themesLouise Marsland #DesignIndaba2017: The brain of Brian, an interview with Brian CollinsTerry LevinMore... Top stories TBWA launches virtual entrepreneurship academy in Tanzania What's drawing South African consumers to premium products? #SAFilmReel February 2017: Porteus Xandau's Surrender captures Mike Barnwell's attention Consumer sentiment is paramount to your businessPasqua Heard #BrandManagerMonth: Getting animated about the TV animation industryLeigh Andrews #DesignIndaba2017: The grand finaleTerry Levin #DesignIndaba2017: Designing with empathyLouise Marsland #DesignIndaba2017: Dances with dataTerry Levin First day overdose for Scan Display at EuroShop The 2017 Stokvel Exhibition Bokone Bophirima seeks to grow stokvels within the VTSD areas Is the AI apocalypse a real thing? Improving netiquette, improving communication Guild Concept and Studio announce designers Digitising the cab advertising spaceWarren Weiner The Newsroom enters partnership with Independent Media's leading digital platform, IOL Launch of massively scaled AR platform attracts Beam Suntory #DesignIndaba2017: All the trends and key themesLouise Marsland Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutelyChris Brewer AMASA Joburg March Forum - How efficient is your segmentation model?More Top stories news...  Submit news BizTrends 2017 Download the complete BizTrends 2017 PDFs with over 100 trends contributors across 18 industry sectors. Download PDF | Order printed book #DesignIndaba2017: Li Edelkoort on fashion, textile, home and horticulture trends for 2018 #BizTrends2017: 17 trends for 2017Louise Marsland How far are we from a cashless society in South Africa?Bronwyn Williams #BizTrends2017: Transparency, authenticity and bravery – developing trendsGiles Shepherd More trends... Bizcommunity has over 400 industry contributors and we always welcome further contributions and contributors. Submit news The consequences of this week's Amazon outage 3 Mar 2017 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF     On Tuesday, 28 February at 11:53am PST Amazon's S3 web-based storage service went down across the US-EAST-1 region, a four-hour outage causing major issues for millions of AWS users across the US. During the outage, Apica, an independent third-party website testing, optimisation and monitoring company for mobile and online business performance, monitored the top 100 internet retailer sites and noted the following stats. Key findings: 54 out of the top 100 internet retailers were affected, with a decrease of 20% or greater in performance 3 websites went down completely Express, Lulu Lemon, One Kings Lane Average website load time went from a few seconds to greater than 30 seconds to loadTop online websites load times increased by triple digits: Disney Store - 1165% slower Target - 991% slower Nike - 642% slower Nordstrom - 592% slower Victoria Secret - 353% slowerYet Apple, Walmart, Newegg, Bestbuy, Costco and, surprisingly, Amazon/Zappos were not affected by the outage. Snapshot image of performance before and during the attack on the Disney store. Catching outages is difficult and almost uncontrollable, but implementing performance can pinpoint whether images, video, third party or servers go down. Some of the companies above were able to spot-check and evaluate the performance of their site while down. This helped them generate a work-around or quickly use images from the local server. For marketers, degradation in website performance means lost revenue. It is as simple as that. Consumers are very sensitive to how web pages perform. 34% of consumers say they would abandon a website that takes over 10 seconds to load. During the Amazon outage, some of the world’s largest sites took over 30 seconds to fully load their home pages. It is critical that marketing and technical teams work together to develop a contingency plan for when a third-party provider goes down. One of the dangers of moving to the cloud is an overreliance on a single cloud vendor. Companies can deploy a multi-cloud strategy to mitigate issues when one or more of their vendors have an outage. When the inevitable outage happens, marketing teams should have a communication plan in place for their visitors and customers. They need to promptly communicate when and why service degradation occurs and what steps are being taken to resolve it. Beyond the obvious revenue impact of an outage, a company can suffer irreparable harm to their brand. The way a company responds to an outage can greatly influence how much consumers trust the brand. For example, the tech community generally viewed Amazon’s response to the outage as unsatisfactory. Their status pages showed green lights for services that had been experiencing major issues for over an hour. While a company like Heroku, which heavily relies on Amazon services, was praised for how quickly and transparently it responded to the outage. Brands need to be proactively monitoring their website from an end-user perspective. If they quickly discover the problem, they can take steps to mitigate the impact. A company can deploy a multi-cloud strategy and shift traffic away from vendors that are experiencing issues. Another key point is the need for a crisis communication plan. By proactively communicating when and why an outage occurs and what mitigating steps are being taken, a brand can come out stronger after an outage. If a problem happens, a quick response, clear communication, and transparency can increase the trustworthiness of a brand in the eye of consumers. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Related What's drawing South African consumers to premium products? Is the AI apocalypse a real thing? Issued by FirstPencil #SAFilmReel February 2017: Porteus Xandau's Surrender captures Mike Barnwell's attention Guild Concept and Studio announce designers News Show more Subscribe Receive free email newsletter Make us your homepage Add us to your favorites RSS feed Get biz on your phone Follow us Invite Tell a friend about us News Articles News by industry Company news Cartoons Events In briefs Galleries Newsletter archive Ornico ad showcase Reviews Trends Community Companies Contributors Portfolio showcases Forums Jobs Jokes Noticeboards People Polls Social media Submit News Company Job ad Op-ed contribution Portfolio showcase New business New appointment Event listing Gallery Noticeboard MyBiz Account Home My company listing My job ads My newsfeed MyBiz CV MyBiz Favourites MyBiz Profile Subscribe to news My newsletters Customise newsletters Advertise Product overview Website Newsletters Press offices Recruitment Special products Download ratecard Contact us Bizcommunity About us Contact us Send us news Our Biz Press Office Follow us Feedback Join us ADSL & Web hosting proudly provided by Afrihost. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2017. Bizcommunity.com, its sponsors, contributors and advertisers disclaim all liability for any loss, damage, injury or expense that might arise from the use of, or reliance upon, the services contained herein. Privacy policy, Terms of Use, PAIA.
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Costco same-store sales miss as price war heats up Gayathree Ganesan and Sruthi Ramakrishnan, Reuters Mar. 3, 2017, 7:02 AM 18,538 facebook linkedin twitter email print Shoppers in Costco in Fairfax, Virginia, in 2010.Reuters/Larry Downing The warehouse club retailer Costco Wholesale Corp. reported lower-than-expected quarterly comparable-store sales and profit as big grocery chains competed fiercely to attract customers with lower prices. The company's shares fell about 4% to $170.80 in extended trading on Thursday. The price war in the industry has intensified, with Walmart Stores Inc. reportedly running a new price-comparison test to knock out competition from grocery chains and big-box retailers. The cutthroat competition has already hit the supermarket operator Kroger Co., which reported its first decline in quarterly comparable sales in 13 years on Thursday. Costco's total same-store sales rose 3% in the second quarter, which ended February 12, excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices and foreign exchange. Analysts on average were expecting 3.2% growth, according to the research firm Consensus Metrix. Costco said it would raise annual fees by $5, to $60, for Goldstar and business members and by $10, to $120, for executive memberships from June 1. The fee increases will affect about 35 million members, roughly half of them executive members, the company said. Membership fees accounted for about 72% of the Costco's operating income in 2016, according to the company's latest annual filing. Net income attributable to Costco fell to $515 million, or $1.17 a share, in the latest quarter from $546 million, or $1.24 a share, a year earlier. Excluding items, Costco earned $1.17 a share, while total revenue rose 5.7% to $29.77 billion. Analysts on average had estimated adjusted earnings of $1.36 a share and revenue of $29.86 billion in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Costco performed well in the past two quarters, despite a tough environment for retailers, as it partly benefited from paying lower fees to its credit-card partner Visa Inc. The company completed the switch to Visa from American Express Co. during the fourth quarter last year. (Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Prosecutor accuses Samsung chief of conspiring to hide millions of dollars in bribes (SSNLF) The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House SEE ALSO: The collapse of retail chains is leaving America's shopping malls empty NOW WATCH: People are obsessed with this convenience store that's only in 6 states Loading video... More: Costco Earnings facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Costco same-store sales miss as price war heats up Costco same-store sales miss as price war heats up The warehouse club retailer Costco Wholesale... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Opinion L.A. Observations and provocations from The Times' Opinion Staff Opinion Opinion L.A. Opinion I shaved my beard after the Kansas shooting to avoid appearing Muslim. These are the shameful realities of our time Cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. (Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press) Prajwal Parajuly I first landed at the Kansas City airport in the wee hours of Jan. 7, 2003. I’d soon be starting university at a small liberal arts school in Kirksville, Mo., a three-hour road journey from Kansas City. It was my first time in the Midwest. It was my first time in America. I was sleep-deprived. The airline had lost my bags. I didn’t want to spend money on a hotel room. I’d have to wait at the airport until it was light. The school shuttle was scheduled to pick me up at 11 a.m. Friends and family in India often asked me why I’d go to the American Midwest for college. My reasons were simple. My high school grades were awful; they’d never get me into a good college in India. I’d Googled some combination of “award-winning+student+newspaper,” and Truman State University came up. It was the only school I had looked into. Without letting my parents know, I applied to it and was offered a scholarship. I told my parents about my plans only after I had been accepted. They were concerned. They would have been fine were I heading to the East or West Coast. They had heard stories — horror stories — about the American Midwest. They claimed these stories became more gruesome the farther you went from a big city. Kirksville was far from any big city — one had to drive an hour and a half to get to an Indian restaurant. My parents were afraid of racism. They were afraid of guns. They were afraid for me. I told them they had nothing to worry about, but 9/11 was still fresh in everyone’s mind. It wasn’t Islamic terrorism as much as the treatment of brown-skinned people that caused my family concern. My Hindu parents were afraid I’d be mistaken for a Muslim.  Indians' worst fears — about our brownness being a liability — have been realized. But I was in a college hungry for diversity. Most of my peers were from small-town America, the kind of people who responded to “Do you like Indian food?” with “I’ve never eaten Indian, but I’d like to try it.” Many were the kind who gave you a ride to Wal-Mart and asked that you repay the favor by accompanying them to church next Sunday. Many had never been on a plane. Some had never been outside the state. All were accepting. All were curious. All wanted to know more about other cultures. I showed some of these people how to eat with their fingers. On our weekly phone calls, my parents often asked about racial discrimination. There’s none, I’d say. A few minor incidents had occurred — when a cohort’s computer stopped working in the middle of a PowerPoint presentation, she asked me, and no one else in the 30-strong class, if I’d be able to help — but they came from ignorance, not malice. If anything, they were good conversation fodder. Soon, my parents stopped asking me about racism. My senior year of college, I interviewed for an account executive position at the Olathe Daily News. I’d heard of Olathe, a Kansas City suburb that was safe, wealthy and idyllic. I was happy to start my career there. To celebrate a successful interview, a few friends and I went out. A number of us had just turned 21, so we had started going to bars. I’d graduate soon. I had a well-paying job lined up. Life was great, I reflected, as I ordered another drink. That’s when the comment came. Its source was a tattooed man in shorts. He may have had only half his teeth, but I could be wrong. “[Damn] 9/11 people —what are we doing allowing them in the bar?” he spat out, using an expletive unfit for publication. His friends laughed. My friends were horrified. “Let’s leave,” someone said. “We are so sorry,” another remarked. “Naah. Let’s stay,” I said. “He’s entitled to an opinion. It’s not like he will shoot me.” That was 2006, a different time. We were naive. Last week, some maniac in Olathe, the place I was supposed to start my career, killed an Indian thinking he was Middle Eastern. The president of America finally deigned to condemn the incident. In India, we are all pretty shaken. Our worst fears — about our brownness being a liability — have been realized. A few days ago, I took an international flight. The morning of my journey, I did something I had promised myself I’d never do: I shaved my beard so I wouldn’t be mistaken for a Muslim. I felt like a coward, but I shaved. I yearn for an era when I thought racism meant someone asking me if I was good at fixing computers because I was Indian. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. Prajwal Parajuly is the author of “Land Where I Flee” and “The Gurkha's Daughter.” He lives in New York, London and Kolkata, India. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Caption Funeral service for Whittier police Officer Keith Boyer Funeral services were held at Calvary Chapel in Downey for Whittier police Officer Keith Wayne Boyer, who was killed in a gun battle that left a second officer and the suspect wounded. Funeral services were held at Calvary Chapel in Downey for Whittier police Officer Keith Wayne Boyer, who was killed in a gun battle that left a second officer and the suspect wounded. Caption Traders discuss price of SNAP on floor of NYSE Traders on floor of New York Stock Exchange discuss the price of SNAP on day of IPO. Traders on floor of New York Stock Exchange discuss the price of SNAP on day of IPO. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Revisiting the North Hollywood shooting that changed how LAPD and police at large operate. Trump's real goals when it comes to his executive orders. Joe Davis, the Dodgers' new lead voice, won't try to be Vin Scully. Apathy abounds as L.A. vote nears. Angels Flight will reopen. Disney theme parks soon will get a whole lot of Marvel. Snapchat maker Snap Inc. makes its Wall Street debut.  Revisiting the North Hollywood shooting that changed how LAPD and police at large operate. Trump's real goals when it comes to his executive orders. Joe Davis, the Dodgers' new lead voice, won't try to be Vin Scully. Apathy abounds as L.A. vote nears. Angels Flight will reopen. Disney theme parks soon will get a whole lot of Marvel. Snapchat maker Snap Inc. makes its Wall Street debut.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss L.A. company behind Snapchat is worth nearly $24 billion, Disney theme parks soon to get a whole lot of Marvel, Angels Flight expected to reopen, and Republicans still waiting on Trump. L.A. company behind Snapchat is worth nearly $24 billion, Disney theme parks soon to get a whole lot of Marvel, Angels Flight expected to reopen, and Republicans still waiting on Trump. Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times India Racism Trump's revised travel ban is no less misguided and self-defeating than his previous version All Trump has to do is sound presidential to get everything he wants. Instead, he logs on to Twitter How a too-strong presidency and a too-weak Congress are destroying the American experiment Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
null
BizReport.com | IT Research Library | Free Magazines | Jobs about us | ad info Subscribe to BizReport Receive our email newsletter with breaking news, in-depth reports & interviews: Get our RSS feed Search BizReport News by Topic Marketing Advertising Search Marketing Email Marketing Loyalty Marketing Mobile Marketing Social Marketing Viral Marketing Trends & Ideas Internet Marketing 101 Beyond Marketing Blogs & Content Domain Names E-commerce Internet Law & Regulation Research White Papers Magazines Jobs BizReport : : March 03, 2017 Physical gift cards remain dominant choice A new report from the National Gift Card Corp reveals that, while digital gift cards continue to rise in popularity, they still account for a very small percentage of overall gift card formats for which loyalty points are redeemed. by Helen Leggatt In their summary of gift card activity in 2016 for both physical and digital gift cards, the National Gift Card Corp reveals that big box retailers are the primary sellers of gift cards, and that physical gift cards are by far the most common format sold. Walmart is the most popular physical gift card reward option. "The general consumer market who shops at the leading big box stores do so because they want the physical shopping experience of those brands," says Eric Thiegs, president of the National Gift Card Corp. "This audience will continue to translate to those individuals selecting a physical gift cards as the ideal reward method, especially for self-use." However, as those big box retailers shift resources to ecommerce activity, there is little doubt that digital gift cards will also see an uptick in use. However, as it stands, most consumers (85%) prefer plastic gift cards. "There's a substantial population of Gen X and Baby Boomers who prefer to redeem their points, miles and cash back rewards for physical gift cards. More Millennials select eGift card rewards, but there is also some digital backlash as end-users experience eCard technology issues, training gaps at the point of sale, confusion with mobile wallets, or even fraud," said Thiegs. "The world is digital, and loyalty programs will need to continue evolving to provide choices for both physical and digital reward options, but physical gift cards will continue to be perceived by many to be the safest and most universal option for years." News in your inbox Tags: eGift card, gift card, loyalty marketing, retail Tweet No Comments Email to a friend Print this article Subscribe to BizReport Please enter your e-mail here: Email this article to: Your email address: Message (optional): Latest Headlines Brand satisfaction key to email subscriber retention OTA mobile traffic outpaces desktop in UK and Italy Ecommerce leading way for more 3rd party sellers SendGrid: Mobile key for email campaigns Third of publishers still falling foul of FTC native ad guidelines Cybersecurity adoption increasing fastest among small businesses Expert: How programmatic direct is changing 28% of UK insurers fail to optimize website for mobile More... Featured White Papers Learn Why 83% of Advertisers Are Reporting Superior Outcomes With People-Based Ads Traditional digital display advertising doesn't work. The information in this report is based on an online survey of 350 senior... 2016 Email Marketing Metrics Benchmark Study To build a world-class marketing program, it's crucial to compare yourself to the best performers - but competitor data can... 10 Ways to Use Customer Lifetime Value to Reinvent Your Marketing Strategy CLV insights can help you to attract high-margin customers, target clusters of customers with untapped value, and retain high-value customers... 16 Innovative Loyalty Programs of 2016 Engaging customers in a loyalty program is no easy feat. Read how 16 brands grabbed headlines in 2016 by launching... BizReport Research Library Download the latest marketing research & free white papers Ad Networks Email Marketing Search Marketing Website Analytics Ad Serving Search Engines Viral Marketing Website Development Most Popular White Papers BizReport.com | IT Research Library | Free Magazines © 1999- BizReport. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer http://www.bizreport.com/2017/03/physical-gift-cards-remain-dominant-choice.html     Copyright © 1999- BizReport. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of BizReport content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent. BizReport shall not be liable for any errors in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Columns posted: 3/3/2017 5:00 AM Wheeling cop opens new battlefront in war on scammers Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Wheeling police Crime Prevention Officer Scott Laverd is posting signs in stores such as Walgreens, Target and Wal-Mart warning patrons about possible scams involving prepaid cards. "This is one of those instances where prevention is everything," he said. Mark Welsh | Staff Photographer   Wheeling police Crime Prevention Officer Scott Laverd hopes these stop signs he's posting in stores throughout the community let people know when they might be the victim of a scam. "Hopefully it will draw people's attention," he said. Mark Welsh | Staff Photographer   Charles Keeshan and Susan Sarkauskas     As regular readers of this column know, there's no shortage of warnings and tips from police and consumer advocates about how to avoid getting scammed. And yet people -- seniors especially -- continue to get ripped off at an alarming clip. The FBI estimates that dishonest telemarketers take in $40 billion each year, and AARP says about 80 percent of the victims are 50 or older. Wheeling police officer Scott Laverd is trying to reduce those numbers. Laverd, Wheeling's crime prevention officer, this week began hanging red "Stop" signs at businesses where potential victims might be directed to wire money or purchase gift cards to send to con artists. "We can write all the newspaper articles and hold all the seminars in the world, but that's just scratching the surface (of reaching potential victims)," Laverd told us. "We want to put these signs right at the point of sale. Hopefully it will draw people's attention." It might be a scam Wheeling Crime Prevention Officer Scott Laverd is hanging this sign in local businesses to warn people that they might be victims of scam if they're wiring money or buying a gift card at the direction of someone who called them. - Courtesy of Wheeling Police Department The sign asks customers if they're buying a gift card to avoid trouble with the IRS, get a relative out of jail or avoid a utility shut-off -- common scare tactics used by phone scammers to get your money. "ASK YOURSELF: Have you ever paid one of these bills with a gift card, Western Union or MoneyGram? If not, IT MIGHT BE A SCAM," the sign reads. Laverd said store clerks often are trained to look out for scam victims, but they're sometimes understandably reluctant to confront customers. So far, he said, Walgreens and Wal-Mart have welcomed the signs. "The reality is, once the money is gone, it's gone," he said. "There's very little chance of getting it back. This is one of those instances where prevention is everything." Gliniewicz bill advances   Melody Gliniewicz at the 2015 funeral of her husband, Fox Lake police Lt. Charles Joseph Gliniewicz. Legislation inspired by the outcry of her potentially receiving nearly $70,000 a year from her husband's pension has passed the state House. - Patrick Kunzer | Staff Photographer, 2015 State legislation inspired by the scandal surrounding Fox Lake police Lt. Charles "Joe" Gliniewicz's pension unanimously passed the House last week and is headed for the state Senate. The bill, sponsored chiefly by Barrington Hills Republican state Rep. David McSweeney, would prohibit people from receiving public employee survivor benefits if they are convicted of a felony involving the service of a spouse. It was prompted by the outcry over news that Gliniewicz's widow, Melodie, stands to collect about $70,000 a year from her husband's death. That's despite the fact she's charged with multiple felonies linked to her husband's theft of thousands of dollars from the Fox Lake Explorer program. Joe Gliniewicz killed himself in September 2015, staging the suicide to appear as if he were killed in the line of duty, in an effort to prevent disclosure of his crimes, authorities say. McSweeney's bill would apply to future cases -- not that of Melodie Gliniewicz. "The case of Lt. Gliniewicz and his wife was a national embarrassment for the people of Lake County and our state," said Grayslake Democratic state Rep. Sam Yingling, another of the bill's sponsors. "But what happened afterward with Melodie Gliniewicz trying to collect her husband's pension felt like a slap on the face to many Lake County taxpayers. It's common sense that those who help their spouses commit fraud against the taxpayers should not have their retirements funded by the taxpayer. End of story." McHenry deputies honored Sgt. Tony Penna, left, and Deputy Michael Urgo of the McHenry County sheriff's office are co-recipients of the 2016 McHenry County Officer of the Year Award. - Two McHenry County sheriff's deputies who showed courage during a run-in with an armed murder suspect last year are sharing the 2016 Officer of the Year award handed out by the McHenry County Chiefs of Police Association. Sgt. Tony Penna and Deputy Michael Urgo were working with the U.S. Marshals Great Lakes Fugitive Task Force on April 15 when they learned a stolen vehicle driven by double homicide suspect Gerald Boyes had been spotted in McHenry County. Penna and Urgo, joined by a pair of Lake County deputies, tracked the car to an Antioch bar and tried to arrest Boyes. Boyes reached for a gun, leading the deputies to open fire and kill him. Boyes was the main suspect in the slayings earlier that week of his father and his friend in Kentucky. McHenry County Sheriff Bill Prim said Penna and Urgo may have prevented more violent crime by the younger Boyes. "Desperate behavior would only come naturally in that situation, and he could lash out at anyone," Prim said. Foxx enacts bail reform   Cook County State's Attorney Kim Foxx is enacting reform aimed at releasing people who are locked up on nonviolent offenses only because they can't afford bail. - Bob Chwedyk | Staff Photographer, 2016 Cook County State's Attorney Kimberly Foxx announced Wednesday her office is joining the growing effort to reform the bail system that critics say unnecessarily keeps nonviolent suspects locked up and costs taxpayers millions. Foxx said prosecutors in her office will support issuing recognizance bonds, aka "I-bonds," in cases for defendants detained in the county jail for lengthy periods because they can't pay bail of $1,000 or less. An I-bond allows a person to be released on a promise to return to court when ordered. "Public safety is best served by detaining those who pose a threat to our communities rather than jailing those who are simply poor and unable to post bond for nonviolent offenses," Foxx said. "This costs taxpayers millions of dollars per year, and does not serve public safety." Foxx joins a growing number of county officials, including Sheriff Tom Dart and county board President Toni Preckwinkle as well as Illinois Supreme Court Chief Justice Rita B. Garman, calling for reform of the pretrial release system. • Got a tip? Have a question? Please email Charles Keeshan and Susan Sarkauskas at copsandcrime@dailyherald.com, or call our tip line at (847) 427-4483. Tweet This article filed under: News Fox Lake Wheeling Crime Charles Keeshan and Susan Sarkauskas Cook County McHenry County Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments My autistic sister has a voice that needs to be heard: Kyra Ann Dawkins (Opinion) The force was strong with those who aided Autism Speaks event Bay Village United for Tolerance carried their banner, "Respect for all is a Bay Village Value," throughout the 2014 Autism Speaks Walk in Cleveland. (Lynn Ischay/The Plain Dealer) Print Email Guest Columnist/cleveland.com By Guest Columnist/cleveland.com The Plain Dealer on March 03, 2017 at 5:44 AM comments Now, I know that it is not my responsibility to answer people's questions about Kendra. Kyra Ann Dawkins is a freshman at Columbia University.Kyra Ann Dawkins  SOLON, Ohio -- My sister Kendra is not voiceless. She and I both know that. But when we step into the world of fragile first impressions, many people assume otherwise. They assume that, because they are confused by her sing-song noises in Bob Evans, her mad dashes through the Walmart aisles, or her huge splashes in the community pool.  People are afraid to deal with what they do not understand. It is much easier for them to simply define Kendra as autistic and non-verbal. They use the labels to justify their ignorance and move on with their lives. They call her voiceless because they think the communication gap between her and them is too large. If only they would give her the chance to respond. Shakespeare and autism (2013) I used to believe that it was my job to speak for Kendra. As her older sister, I figured that I had to advocate for her needs. Whenever someone asked me about her, I tried to respond to the best of my ability, even if it meant fabricating the answer. I wanted to sound knowledgeable and eloquent. People noticed that I spoke well on Kendra's behalf and complimented me for it. They told me that I was such a good big sister to her for being able to articulate her emotions. They praised me, saying that I was an excellent "voice for the voiceless." I used to love it when they called me that. It made me feel like a hero. But now, the phrase makes me cringe. By constantly trying to speak for my sister, I reinforced people's false perceptions of her. They referred to her like she were a poster for autism spectrum disorder that I needed to explain. They asked questions about her to me as if she were completely unable to reply for herself. And I, in love with the spotlight, did not hesitate to answer. To maintain my glorified status as a "voice for the voiceless," I let people treat Kendra like she did not have a voice. I should have never gotten caught up in the attention that I was receiving. That attention rightfully belonged to her. I am sorry for being so selfish. From this point onwards, I am determined to honor her voice by letting her speak first. Now, I know that it is not my responsibility to answer people's questions about Kendra. Quite frankly, they tend to inquire about generic things they could easily type into an online search engine. Rather, I must encourage others to direct their questions to her. I need to help them not to ignorantly define her by autism or non-verbalism. I have to exemplify the intentional appreciation of Kendra's unique presence as an individual. In essence, it is my job to show people how to engage in a relationship with her. People need to be willing to learn to understand her voice, even if it makes them uncomfortable at first. They need to listen to her because she deserves to be heard. Read more: Brains of kids with autism are "noisier" than typical brains, CWRU imaging research shows (2014) And in those rare moments when people give Kendra the opportunity to speak, she brightens everyone's world. My mother told me about the time when a lady in Walmart walked up to her, met her gaze, smiled, and said, "Hello." Kendra grinned from ear to ear and replied with a clear and confident, "Hi." The joy in Kendra's eyes nearly brought Mom to tears. When my mother asked the lady why she came up to her, she explained, "My son was asking me about the noises that she was making and wondering why she could not use words the same way he can. I really wanted to show him that she is a person that should be loved and respected just like the rest of us." Kendra is not voiceless. And I am not her voice. She has a voice that society does not fully understand yet, but it has every right to be pursued and received by the community around her. There need be more people like the lady in Walmart. There need to be more people who want to listen to her. I know that Kendra has a lot to say. Kyra Ann Dawkins is a freshman at Columbia University. ************ Have something to say about this topic? Use the comments to share your thoughts, and stay informed when readers reply to your comments by using the Notification Settings (in blue) just below. Editorial Cartoon Sessions' resignation, Trump-Russia commission both needed ... Jeff Darcy's cartoons» Opinion Features Read letters to the editor Submit a letter to the editor How to submit an opinion article Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On Air On-Air Shows Theresa Rowe Seize the Deal WOMI Podcasts Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Christmas Wish Form 2016 Win A Christmas Getaway To Gaylord Opryland Calendar Submit your Event to the WOMI Calendar Expo Events Vendor Application WOMI Insiders WOMI Insiders Exclusive Benefits Sign Up WOMI Insiders Help Townsquare Media General Contest Rules Weather Local Shaped by Faith Choosing Joy Digital Job Hub Seize the Deal Contact Us Feedback Help & Contact Info Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Tip Us Listen Live News Weather Alerts Newsletter Submit Photo/Video Videos Browse Topics Search Contact Us Lexington Gospel Sensation Callie Day Coming to Owensboro [Video] By Chadwick Benefield March 3, 2017 4:00 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter I am completely obsessed with this woman.  And, until late last week, I had never heard of her.  But someone I follow on Twitter shared a link to a YouTube video featuring Callie Day.  Callie was working as a pharmacy tech at a Lexington, Kentucky Walmart when her amazing singing voice was “discovered.”  Check out this video.  And watch for the 1:15 mark when Callie drops her voice a couple of octaves!  It’s insane!  And the reactions of the people in the room with her are hilarious.  What an amazing gift! Subscribe to WOMI-AM on See what I mean?  Callie Day is an absolute revelation and video of her went viral last year (18 million views and counting).  Here’s her story- Subscribe to WOMI-AM on Callie no longer works at Walmart, but she is working . . . singing up a storm every weekend at churches around the Commonwealth. And here’s some good news!  Callie is coming to Owensboro.  My friend Latasha Shemwell has arranged for Callie to sing at two church services this summer.  She’ll appear at Mount Calvary Baptist Church at the 8:30am and 10:45am services on Sunday, June 25th! Mount Calvary Baptist is located at 507 Plum Street in Owensboro. Category: Kentucky News | Music Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WOMI Owensboro City of Owensboro Has Site Section Dedicated to Reporting Issues Like Say A Pothole Golden Corral Opens Today And Angel Got A Sneak Peak Inside [VIDEO] Local Owensboro Woman Camps Out At Golden Corral To Raise Money For Camp Corral [VIDEO] Willie Nelson Is Coming To The Ford Center [PHOTO] Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live WOMI-AM on Facebook The Latest from 1490 WOMI Tri-State Woman Makes Plea for Local Amazon.com Shoppers to Donate to Owensboro Charity March 6, 2017 10:08 PM List of Owensboro Restaurants Where Kids Can Eat Free Updated March 6, 2017 5:32 PM What Are the Most Common Last Names in Daviess County? March 6, 2017 3:33 PM When Do the Clocks Change for Daylight Savings Time? March 6, 2017 2:48 PM Short Coat Mud Bath for a Large Dog at The Dapper Dog Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise on WOMI Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Owensboro Business Listings Welcome back to WOMI Insider It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to WOMI Insider It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://womiowensboro.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to WOMI Insider (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here WOMI Insider brought to you by: Sign up for WOMI Insider Register Now Sign up for WOMI Insider quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! WOMI Insider brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive WOMI Insider contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook WOMI Insider brought to you by: WOMI-AM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Home Business Buzz Dining Health Obits Weather Sports Regional/Jobs Bartow Gordon Polk Floyd Jobs WRGA Local Links Education Outdoors Crime About Advertising on Hometown Headlines: Websites, emails, social media, radio and text alerts. Contact Us Remembering Mrs. Bobbie Jean Bagwell, Mrs. Gwendolyn H. Hamilton, Ms. Recia M. Kinney, Ms. Mary Frances Spivey, Ms. Gladys May ‘Vera’ Watson. Posted on March 3, 2017 by hometownheadlines • 0 Comments Mrs. Bobbie Jean Bagwell, age 82, of Rome, passed away on Wednesday, March 1, 2017, at a local healthcare facility following a lengthy illness. Mrs. Bagwell was born in Rome, Georgia on November 11, 1934, daughter of the late John B. Evans and the late Pearlie Mae Dial Evans.  She was also preceded in death by her husband, Edward Carlton Bagwell, by three daughters, Rebecca Charlene Jefts, Denise Darlene Bagwell and Tina Renae Bagwell, and by a brother, Jerry Dewayne Evans.  Prior to retirement, Mrs. Bagwell worked as a Customer Service Manager at Wal-Mart for 25 years.  She was a member of the Barnsley United Methodist Church.  Mrs. Bagwell loved the outdoors, gardening and going to the beach. Survivors include four daughters, Vicky Barton and her husband, Randy, Melody Lawler and her husband, Mark, Beverly Davidson and her husband, Jeff, and Lisa Edwards and her husband, Gabe; nine grandchildren, Kim Jefts, Dave Jefts, Jessica Maynor, Kristin Barton, Cheyene Boatwright, Blake Davidson, Jesse Barton, Justin Edwards and Christopher Davidson and his wife, Polly; eight great grandchildren, Addison Pointer, Hagen Jordan, Daylon Jordan, Kennleigh Jordan, Connor, Lawson Motes, Laken Motes, Josh Brewer and Jordan Brewer; a great-great grandchild, River Weeks. Funeral services will be held on Sunday, March 5, 2017, at 3pm at the graveside at Oaknoll Memorial Gardens.  The Rev. Jeremy Barton will officiate.  There will be no visitation. Henderson & Sons Funeral Home, South Chapel. Mrs. Gwendolyn H. Hamilton, age 73, of 116 Paris Drive Rome, Ga. transitioned March 1, 2017.  F. K. Jones Funeral Home. Ms. Recia M. Kinney, 89, of Rome, Georgia passed on Wednesday, March 1, 2017 at her residence surrounded by loving family. Wright Memorial Mortuary. Ms. Mary Frances Spivey, 77, of Rome, Georgia, passed on Wednesday, March 1, 2017 at Floyd Medical Center surrounded by her loving family and friends. Wright Memorial Mortuary. Ms. Gladys May “Vera” Watson, age 81, of Cave Spring, passed away on Wednesday, March 1, 2017 at a local nursing home. Ms. Watson was born in Rome, GA on July 25, 1935, daughter of the late James Watson and the late Lula Cantrell Watson.  For many years, Vera worked as a caregiver at Valley View Nursing Home.  Ms. Watson was of the Baptist faith.  In addition to her parents, she was preceded in death by her brother, James Hubert Watson. Survivors include two nephews, Brian Green (Tammy) Aragon, and Vernon Green, Jr. (Bobbie), Lindale; 2 great-nieces, Kristy Coogler (Brock), Cave Spring, and Melody Byrd (Chad) Rome; 1 great-nephew, Brad Green (Jaimie) Hartwell, GA; 2 great-great nieces, Kinsley Coogler and Ansley Coogler, both of Cave Spring; 3 great-great nephews, Tyler Green, Jackson Green, and Landon Green, all of Hartwell, GA. Funeral services will be held on Saturday, March 4, 2017 at 2pm in the Chapel at Henderson and Sons Funeral Home, South Chapel with the Rev. Robert Anderson officiating.  Following the funeral service, Ms. Watson will be cremated. The family will receive friends at Henderson & Sons Funeral Home, South Chapel on Saturday from 11am until the service time. At other hours, they may be contacted at their respective residences. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Obituaries ← Public Health restaurant inspection scores Chick-fil-A Dwarf House Sports: High school baseball updates. Model girls vs. Laney at 2 p.m. Saturday for shot at AA basketball crown. Calhoun boys vs. Morgan County 8 p.m. Saturday. → Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Search Ware Mechanical Forecast Currently 58° Partly Cloudy Today is forecast to be Much Cooler than yesterday. Mainly cloudy and rainy. Tuesday 03/07 100% High 65° / Low 43° Rain Showers early, becoming a steady rain later in the day. Thunder possible. High near 65F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Wednesday 03/08 10% High 71° / Low 36° Clear Sunny skies. High 71F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Thursday 03/09 10% High 74° / Low 48° Clear Mainly sunny. High 74F. Winds light and variable. Copyright © 2017 Hometown Headlines View Full Site
Follow @triplepundit 47.3k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 3p Content Shop Slashing the EPA Budget Would Endanger The Health Of Millions Of Americans by 3p Contributor on Friday, Mar 3rd, 2017 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Editor’s Note: A version of this post originally appeared on the Huffington Post. EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt speaks at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in National Harbor, Maryland, on Feb. 25. By Elliott Negin During his nationally-televised speech before Congress on Tuesday night, U.S. President Donald Trump vowed to “promote clean air and clean water.” Is that right, Mr. President? Then why is your administration proposing to slash as much as 25 percent of the Environmental Protection Agency’s current budget and cut its staff by 20 percent? That would cripple environmental safeguards, jeopardize public health, and put future generations at risk. The EPA has made remarkable progress cleaning up air and water pollution since its inception in 1970, but there is still more work to do. In 2015 alone, polluters dumped more than 190 million tons of toxic chemicals into waterways nationwide; at least 5,000 community drinking water systems violated federal lead regulations; and some 116 million Americans lived in counties with harmful levels of ozone or particle pollution, which have been linked to lung cancer, asthma, cardiovascular damage, reproductive problems and premature death. If anything, the environmental challenges of today suggest that the EPA needs more money and staffing to carry out its congressionally-mandated mission, especially since Congress has already reduced the agency’s budget by 28 percent in real dollars to $8.14 billion between fiscal years 2010 and 2016, a paltry 0.20 percent of the projected $4 trillion fiscal year 2017 federal budget. For his part, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt doesn’t seem particularly fazed by the prospect of his agency having to make do with lot less, claiming that state environmental agencies can pick up the slack. As he explained during his Senate confirmation hearing in mid-January, he believes “state regulators … oftentimes best understand the local needs and the uniqueness of our environmental challenges,” and, as far as he’s concerned, they should shoulder the primary responsibility for enforcing the law. But can state environmental agencies really compensate for an eviscerated EPA? The experts say no. States rely on EPA assistance If anyone understands the relationship between the EPA and state environmental agencies, it’s Carol Browner, who served as EPA administrator during the Bill Clinton administration after running Florida’s Department of Environmental Regulation. She said state agencies are simply not equipped to take on the burden of federal functions. “State agencies play an important role in protecting their citizens from dangerous pollution,” she said. “But they can’t do the job alone. They rely on the EPA’s expert analysis and support to set and enforce pollution standards. Many states would not have the resources to replace the EPA work on which they rely.” What does that mean in practice? I put that question to Ellen Gilinsky, who spent the last six years as an EPA water program policy adviser. Before joining the EPA, she was director of the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality’s water program. “States totally depend on the grants they get under the Clean Water Act, Clean Air Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act [and other federal environmental laws],” Gilinsky said. “Fifty to 60 percent of the funds for the Virginia water program came from the EPA. If we had doubled our permit fees to help fund our water program, we still wouldn’t have covered the cost. And if we had, the business community would not have appreciated higher permit fees. “The EPA provides more than just money,” she added. “It provides supporting information, new technology evaluations, training materials, and other expertise. The EPA water division, for example, offers a permit writing training course for state workers. EPA experts train them. States don’t have the wherewithal to provide training.” Ken Kimmell, who ran the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection (Mass DEP) before becoming president of the Union of Concerned Scientists in 2014, also stresses the importance of EPA technical assistance, as well as its state grants, which comprise a significant chunk of the agency’s annual expenditures. In fiscal year 2016, those grants amounted to nearly 45 percent of the agency’s budget. “Having served as a state environmental commissioner, I know from personal experience that state environmental agencies are already strapped,” Kimmell wrote in a recent blog post. “They typically lack the technical experts employed at the EPA, and stand in no position to take on additional enforcement responsibilities shed by the EPA.” Mass DEP’s staff “was cut nearly in half between 2002 and 2012 due to budget cuts, even as the agency’s responsibilities grew,” Kimmell continued. “That occurred in a state well known for its strong commitment to environmental protection. As a result, my agency was forced to cut back on important and effective programs, such as water sampling to locate sources of bacteria that pollute rivers. If the EPA’s budget is cut, it will mean even fewer resources for states, because states now receive a significant share of the EPA’s budget to cover enforcement activities.” Massachusetts isn’t the only state that has had to tighten its belt. Forty state environmental agencies have reduced staff in recent years, according to an October 2016 report by the Center for Public Integrity. Since 2007, staffing at environmental agencies in Illinois and Arizona dropped by more than a third, in New York by nearly a quarter, and in Michigan and Florida by a fifth. With state cutbacks like those, there’s a clear need for more support from the EPA, not less. But EPA’s staff has shrunk by 10 percent over the last decade, from 17,000 in 2007 to about 15,000 today, and President Trump’s proposed budget would reduce it by another 20 percent, to about 12,000. It hasn’t been that small since the mid-1980s. By comparison, nearly 100,000 people work at the Agriculture Department, nearly 47,000 are at the Commerce Department, and nearly 78,000 are at the Department of Health and Human Services. Pollution ignores state boundaries Another reason why state environmental agencies depend on the EPA is because, as Delaware Sen. Tom Carper painstakingly explained during Pruitt’s confirmation hearing, pollution does not honor political boundaries. “Delaware, like many states on the East Coast, sits at the end of what is known as America’s tailpipe,” Carper said. “Ninety percent of the air pollution in Delaware comes from outside of the First State, from power plants hundreds of miles away in places like Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana and across the Midwest. As governor of Delaware, if I had eliminated every source of air pollution within my state, stopped every combustion source, and ordered every motor vehicle off the roads, Delaware would still have faced deadly doses of air pollution.” Moreover, corporations may own polluting facilities in several states or a facility that emits pollutants into several states, making it difficult for a lone state agency to police them. “Electric utilities, oil refineries and retailers like Walmart are all national companies,” said Eric Schaeffer, director of EPA enforcement from 1997 to 2002. “Only the federal government can deal with them. Take a BP refinery [in Indiana or Ohio]. It is polluting in more than one state.” When the EPA takes enforcement action against a refinery, Schaeffer explained, states “could be assured that refineries in other states were being treated the same way for the same violations.” Meanwhile, Walmart — the nation’s biggest retailer — “had a consistent pattern of stormwater violations in a number of states,” said Schaeffer, now executive director of the Environmental Integrity Project. “It makes sense to deal with the company nationally. Why leave underfunded state agencies to deal with [Walmart] when you have these violations across the country? If you leave it to state agencies, companies can evade prosecution in states that don’t have the ability to enforce the law.” Schaeffer also pointed out that states have little incentive to take action against major polluters within their own borders if their emissions wind up somewhere else. “You won’t see a state agency, say in Ohio, bring an enforcement action against a large coal-fired power plant,” he explained. “It is not just a job issue. The bulk of the pollution from the coal plant is likely going into Pennsylvania, so you won’t see Ohio sue.” That’s why, Schaeffer said, “it’s a good thing to have the feds come in from the outside to enforce environmental laws. Having the EPA standing behind state environmental agencies gives them leverage to negotiate with violators. States can say to a polluter: ‘Either deal with us or with the EPA.’” State environmental agencies under siege To make matters worse, some governors and other state officials seem more interested in protecting polluters than their own citizens. Florida is a prime example. Over the last six years, Gov. Rick Scott has ripped the state’s Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to shreds. When he ran for reelection in 2014, the Tampa Bay Times ran a scathing editorial calling his first term an “environmental disaster.” “Scott has bulldozed a record of environmental protection that his Republican and Democratic predecessors spent decades building,” the editorial said. “He weakened the enforcement of environmental laws and cut support for clean water, conservation and other programs. He simultaneously made it easier for the biggest polluters and private industries to degrade the state’s natural resources.” But Scott did much more than just “weaken” enforcement. He virtually eliminated it. In 2015, the Florida DEP opened 81 percent fewer enforcement cases than in 2010, according to an analysis of state records by Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility (PEER). Case outcomes, meanwhile, were worse than in nearly any previous year. The Florida DEP collected the lowest number of fines in 28 years, PEER found, and assessed no penalties in a third of the cases. “In Florida, polluters do not need a ‘Get Out of Jail Free’ card because few pay any fine and virtually none risk going to jail no matter how egregious the environmental offense,” Florida PEER Director Jerry Phillips, a former Florida DEP enforcement attorney who conducted the analysis, said in a press statement. “Under Gov. Scott, DEP staff are strongly discouraged from bringing enforcement actions and the plummeting numbers reflect it.” Despite the DEP’s sorry record under Scott, a freshman U.S. representative from Florida, Matt Gaetz, introduced legislation in early February that would eliminate the EPA by the end of 2018 and devolve its responsibilities to state environmental agencies. Like Pruitt, Gaetz maintains that “states and local communities are best positioned to responsibly regulate the environmental assets within their jurisdictions.” Of all people, Gaetz should know better. Before winning a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives last fall, he served in the Florida Legislature, taking office in 2011 — the same year Scott became governor. He had a ringside seat when Scott took an ax to the DEP. Pruitt also should be well aware that a governor — or other state officials, for that matter — can run roughshod over environmental protections. After all, he did it himself. As Oklahoma’s attorney general between 2011 and 2016, Pruitt dismantled his office’s Environmental Protection Unit, halted efforts to reduce poultry manure in Oklahoma waterways, and sued the EPA 14 times to block stronger air, water and climate safeguards, including standards that would reduce regional smog and airborne mercury pollution. Pruitt also stood idly by while hydraulic fracturing made Oklahoma the most earthquake-ravaged state in the country. Although Pruitt’s office does not regulate oil and gas development, he could have intervened to protect residents, for example, when their insurance claims were denied. And like Pennsylvania’s attorney general, he could have investigated — and prosecuted — frackers for violating environmental laws and polluting the water supply. He did nothing. Florida and Oklahoma are hardly exceptions. A number of other states have caved to polluters at the expense of public health. For example: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker cut the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) budget by $59 million since taking office in 2011 and eliminated nearly 200 positions, including half of its scientists. Last June, state auditors found the DNR doesn’t follow its own enforcement policies to protect state waters from livestock, factory and sewage treatment plant pollution. West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection is not enforcing state coal mining regulations, according to a three-year investigation by the U.S. Interior Department. The report found the agency routinely fails to monitor water quality, enforce reclamation standards, or ensure mountaintop removal doesn’t trigger local flooding. North Carolina state legislators have stymied efforts to clean up electric utility coal ash dumps, reduced the state’s Department of Environmental Quality staff by a third, and instructed DEQ regulators to soft-pedal the enforcement of air pollution standards. Americans want a strong EPA Recent polls indicate that a majority of Americans support a robust federal environmental regulator and stricter environmental safeguards. According to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion survey released in mid-January, more than 60 percent of Americans want the EPA’s authority preserved or strengthened under the Trump administration. Interestingly, nearly half of the respondents who identified themselves as Republican — 47 percent — agreed that the EPA should either “remain the same” or “be strengthened or expanded.” Meanwhile, a December 2016 poll conducted by the Pew Research Center found that 59 percent of Americans believe stronger environmental regulations are worth the cost. Pruitt seemed to acknowledge that Americans want a clean environment during his speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference last weekend. People across the country, he said, “care about the air they breathe and they care about the water they drink and we are going to be partners with these individuals, not adversaries.” He then went on to say: “We are going to restore power back to the people. We are going to recognize the regulatory uncertainty and the regulatory state needs to be reined in, we’re going to make sure states are recognized for the authority they have, and we are going to do the work that’s important to advance freedom and liberty for the future.” The administration’s plan to wreck the EPA, however, belies Pruitt’s populist rhetoric. Reading between the lines, Pruitt’s vow to empower “the people” really means empowering corporations, which, after all, are considered people under the law. And when he says his agency is going to “advance freedom,” he’s really talking about advancing the freedom to pollute. How patriotic. Elliott Negin is a senior writer at the Union of Concerned Scientists. Image credit: Flickr/Gage Skidmore Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4483 articles in this category: Greenpeace: Brazil Could Soon Deforest Protected Land The Vegan ‘Bloody Burger’ May Soon Roll Out Nationwide NRDC Prepares for Legal Battle with Trump TriplePundit has published articles from over 1000 contributors. If you'd like to be a guest author, please get in touch! Follow 3p Contributor @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Follow @triplepundit 47.3k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 3p Content Shop Investors Representing $600 Billion Urge Solutions for Latin America’s Deforestation by Leon Kaye on Friday, Mar 3rd, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Bolivia’s forests are one region susceptible to deforestation related to soy and cattle production. Green Century Funds, an asset management firm geared toward investors interested in environmentally and social responsible investing, is asking some of the world’s largest food companies to ramp up efforts to curb deforestation in South America. The Boston-based company says it has organized 38 U.S. investors, together representing at least $617.5 in assets under management, to urge companies to take on voluntary measures that reduce the impact commodities such as palm oil, beef and soy have on South America’s environment. The investors sent letters to almost two dozen companies, including the multinational suppliers Cargill and Bunge; fast-food giants like McDonald’s and Wendy’s; consumer packaged goods (CPG) firms Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever; and retailers Walmart and Kroger. The signatories of what is being called the Latin American Forest Protection initiative are asking these companies to implement supply chain policies that respect human rights while committing to a zero-deforestation agenda. The outcomes, insist Green Century and its partners, are a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, improved supply chain transparency traceability and a path toward more sustainable development. Green Century’s announcement comes a decade after measures such as the soy moratorium, which was widely credited with halting deforestation in Brazil’s Amazon region, appeared to have slowed deforestation in South America. But over the past few years, environmental destruction appears to be on an upswing in the region. Recent investigations by publications including the New York Times indicate that deforestation is accelerating in regions such as the Amazon, Brazil’s cerrado and Paraguay’s Atlantic forests. Bolivia is one South American nation where deforestation has come at a high cost to both the environment and human rights. Last year the French graduate school Insead concluded that the country of 10.7 million people, despite per-capita GDP well under $3,000, has witnessed a spike in greenhouse gas emissions largely attributed to deforestation. The common practice of burning forests to make way for farms has increased Bolivia’s per-capita carbon footprint and it is now higher than several European countries. And while the Amazon is largely the focus of Brazil’s environmental record, the grasslands of the country’s cerrado have been altered to the point where it is disrupting the the region’s water cycle – placing the country’s hydropower sector and freshwater supplies at risk. The Times’ investigation, which verified claims made by the NGO Mighty Earth that deforestation has rapidly increased across Brazil and Bolivia, points to the agricultural suppliers Cargill and Bunge as driving much of South America’s forest loss. Despite their promises during a 2014 United Nations climate summit to eliminate deforestation attributed to palm oil, soy and beef, critics say the companies are not doing enough to stop sourcing soy from lands recently cleared to make way for new plantations. Environmentalists say Cargill falls short when it comes to the monitoring of soy growers’ destructive land management practices in Brazil and other countries. Meanwhile, investors urged Bunge to make more concrete commitments to eliminate deforestation from its supply chain. Both companies said the Times “inflated” their ties to deforestation in South America. According to the United Nation’s Food and Agriculture Program (FAO), South America rivals Africa as the continent that has suffered the most from deforestation between 2010 and 2015. Rapid economic development, as well as food resilience programs launched by leaders such as Bolivia’s Evo Morales, have contributed to these trends. According to Green Century, the adoption of transparent zero-deforestation policies by the world’s largest food companies are key to solving these problems – while shielding their investors from long-term risks. Image credit: Sam Beebe Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6409 articles in this category: When Workaholism Stops Working: Humanity’s Last Stand Is on the Job Interest in Alberta Tar Sands Oil Wanes, But Keystone XL Pipeline Could Still Pay Off Uber Accused of Using Technology to Root Out Local Regulators Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Local News / CAST Plans New York City Bus Trip CAST Plans New York City Bus Trip Posted on Friday, March 3, 2017 by Gant Team in Local News CLEARFIELD – The Clearfield Arts Studio Theatre Inc. (CAST) is planning a “Do As You Please” bus trip to New York City on March 18.  The cost is $65 per person.  Fullington Trailways will provide transportation to and from the city.  The bus will depart from the Clearfield Wal-Mart at 6 a.m. and depart New York City at 10:30 p.m.  Because this is a “Do As You Please” trip, CAST will not be providing a specific itinerary for participants to follow.  This allows anyone to see a show, visit museums, do some shopping or simply tour the city on their own.  “What could be better than enjoying New York with a bunch of theater people?” asks Gayle Gearhart, CAST artistic director.  “We are thankful to Fullington for providing us with an incredible deal on the trip.  We were able to make the trip very affordable, and raise some funds for CAST.” Tickets can be purchased at the CAST office March 6-7 and 13-14 from 5:30 p.m. – 6:30 p.m., or anytime at www.ClearfieldArts.org.  For more information, call 814)-765-4474.  CAST is a non-profit arts center located at 112 E. Locust St., in downtown Clearfield.  The Clearfield Arts Studio Theatre Inc. can also be found on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Snapchat. Domestic Relations Office Issues Warrant List DuBois Academic Challenge Team Takes Second Place Tagged Bus Trip CAST Clearfield Arts Studio Theatre Do As You Please new york city Related Posts Sandy Township has First Hearing on CDBG Funding United Way Donates Laptops to Crossroads Project Inspiring Mountain Climber/Author will Speak at Penn State DuBois Program Schedule Announced for Parker Dam Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News Canada Politics Canada TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | Russia | CPC leadership race | Trump | Ontario Liberals Ontario man jailed — again — for running ‘deplorable’ fake cancer charity scam Jane Sims, Postmedia Network | March 3, 2017 12:07 AM ET More from Postmedia Network Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Fraudster extraordinaire Shaun Hofmans, who fleeced Southwestern Ontario businesses in a crime spree in the name of a fake cancer charity, stood in court and spoke in a voice a little louder than a whisper. “I’m just asking for one chance,” he said Thursday after pleading guilty to more than 20 charges, boosting his criminal record to more than 100 convictions, about three-quarters of them for fraud. “I have a very long record, I understand, but I can’t do this anymore,” he said. But like the boy who cried wolf way too many times, Hofmans ran out of chances. “He’s incorrigible,” said Ontario Court Justice John Skowronski, the same judge who sentenced Hofmans two years ago to eight months in jail for the same criminal nonsense that he ran out of his London basement apartment. “This has been his occupation. It’s sad but true,” the judge said. Scamming people for money in the name of a cancer charity, he said, is “brazen” and “deplorable.” “How can you trust anything this man says?” Skowronski asked. This time, instead of jail, the total sentence was four years in prison. How can you trust anything this man says? Factoring in time spent in custody since last April, Hofmans has two years and eight months left to serve. Within weeks of completing his 2015 sentence, and despite an order from Skowronski banning him from any charity work for five years, Hofmans, 37, hit the road with cheque books for his fake charity SPH Cancer Foundation and began to tap mostly grocery stores — Foodlands, No Frills, Real Canadian Superstores, Walmarts, Shoppers Drug Mart, Food Basics — for gift cards of any value to hand out to the sick. Deputy Crown Attorney David Rows told Skowronski that Hofmans would buy the gift cards with SPH cheques and sign them “Charles Paton,” the same surname as one of his best friends. From January to April, there weren’t many towns and cities in the region he didn’t hit — Chatham, Dorchester, Ingersoll, St. Marys, Aylmer, London, Stratford, St. Thomas, Amherstburg. Leamington, Simcoe, Tillsonburg, Woodstock and Exeter. Some centres were hit more than once. Hofmans would buy $1,000 worth of cards here, $900 worth there. The cheques were for bank accounts that were closed. In the middle of the spree, he got caught in Petrolia in February 2016 trying to buy $950 in gift cards at a store and was sentenced in Sarnia to a total of three weeks in jail and ordered to stay out of Lambton County. Within days, he was back at the scam. Related From romance scams to fake lottery winnings: The top 10 frauds Canadians need to watch out for Sometimes, for effect, Hofmans would wear hospital scrubs while he pitched his cancer charity to unsuspecting store managers. Once, a Shoppers Drug Mart manager in Dorchester got suspicious and found information online identifying Hofmans and SPH Cancer Foundation as frauds. Another suspicious manager at a Chatham Shoppers Drug Mart, concerned about the cheque for $1,000 for a pre-paid Visa card, began to investigate when Hofmans fled the store. His image was caught on surveillance video. He also activated three President Choice Mastercards using stolen identification from other people and withdrew about $8,000 from CIBC bank terminals in London. Sometimes, he grew very emboldened. In January 2016, he stopped into a Jiffy Lube franchise in Brantford, wanting to pay for a recent car service with gift cards and have charges from days earlier put back on his debit card. He pushed open the door to a manager to complain when he didn’t get his way. The manager said any transaction would take time. Days later, Hofmans sent a letter to the store, writing from “the Law Office of Charles Hunter” and posing as the fake lawyer in London demanding the charges be reversed or he’d to the media, the Brantford chamber of commerce and others about a “blatant disregard for Canadian business ethics.” His defence lawyer, Nick Cake, made a pitch that all of Hofmans’ criminal activity was really a cry for help after an abusive childhood at the hands of his father. Hofmans agreed to participate in a pre-sentence report for the first time and Cake said it gives insight that could set Hofmans on the road to rehabilitation. This has got to stop. A line in the sand has to be drawn. For that reason, Cake suggested time served and 12 months of house arrest followed by three years of probation. Hofmans has a poor sense of self-worth, Cake said, because his father said “he was going to be a loser.” Hofmans has tried since to prove him wrong by trying to amass material wealth and “be a high roller.” Instead, Hofmans believes he has “fulfilled his father’s prophecy.” “Rehabilitation and counselling is a far greater benefit to society than having him in the penitentiary,” Cake argued. He’s employable, his lawyer said, and once ran his own call centre. He gave Cake $3,000 to put in trust for restitution, plus had money orders claiming he had paid others back. Hofmans also claimed he was sexually assaulted by a cellmate at the Elgin-Middlessex Detention Centre and had an injury to his genitals. Rows said police investigated the incident and there were “no grounds to lay charges whatsoever.” The Crown said Hofmans has shown no respect for any court orders, including Skowronski’s and should be sent to prison. The judge agreed and gave the exact sentence Rows suggested. “This has got to stop. A line in the sand has to be drawn,” he said. Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Canada, News, Crime, Fraud Canada Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
null
Contact Us Contests News Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 6:09 PM ESTAirbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last ... Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Carriers Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 4:47 PM ESTMTS president and CEO Jay Forbes to depart when Bell acquisition closes Mar 3, 2017 3:06 PM ESTTelus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginn... Mar 3, 2017 8:39 AM ESTFreedom offering $100 credit on LTE plan to select upgrade customers Mar 2, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCRTC releases data on device unlock revenue made by Canadian carriers Mar 2, 2017 11:34 AM ESTMobileSyrup is now selling unique, Canadian-focused carrier t-shirts! Mar 2, 2017 10:17 AM ESTVirgin and Bell cut the no-contract price of the Samsung Galaxy S7 by ... Manufacturers Mar 2, 2017 8:58 PM ESTThis is the BlackBerry Aurora, runs Android 7.0 with a 5.5-inch touchs... Mar 2, 2017 8:04 PM ESTGoogle-branded Chromebooks aren’t actually dead, says hardware exec Mar 2, 2017 5:04 PM ESTBlackBerry’s Jim Mackey has left the company Feb 28, 2017 9:02 PM ESTGoogle exec says company has ‘no plans’ to continue making... Feb 28, 2017 10:30 AM ESTSamsung to use technology built by Canada’s NewNet to build its ... Feb 28, 2017 9:47 AM ESTSouth Korean authorities have formally charged Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong Feb 27, 2017 4:54 PM ESTMediaTek starts production on its 10nm Helio X30 processor Feb 27, 2017 10:44 AM ESTZTE unveils the world’s first 5G smartphone, the Gigabit Phone Phones Mar 3, 2017 10:16 AM ESTGalaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ accordin... Mar 3, 2017 9:15 AM ESTPixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ a... Mar 2, 2017 2:20 PM ESTGoogle launches new ‘Playables,’ allowing users to test ou... Mar 2, 2017 11:14 AM EST‘Really Blue’ Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now available ... Mar 2, 2017 9:29 AM ESTBlackBerry’s latest licensed device will be called Aurora, revea... Mar 1, 2017 3:08 PM ESTOnePlus starts Android 7.1.1 beta test Mar 1, 2017 1:56 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy S8 photos show slim bezels and 3.5mm headphone jack Mar 1, 2017 10:55 AM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy S6 is now end-of-life at Bell and Virgin Tablets Mar 3, 2017 1:48 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab S3 now available for pre-order at Best Buy Canada Feb 27, 2017 10:43 AM ESTSamsung and Microsoft announce partnership on new Galaxy Book 2-in-1 a... Feb 26, 2017 1:43 PM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is coming to Canada for $799 Feb 17, 2017 7:18 PM ESTAndroid Nougat now available on LG G Pad III 8.0 tablets on Fido Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Wearables Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Feb 28, 2017 11:22 AM ESTVirtual Rabbids and three other games set to launch on Google’s ... Feb 27, 2017 8:28 PM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – VR Porn is coming Feb 27, 2017 3:29 PM ESTSony’s PlayStation VR has sold 915,000 units since October Feb 27, 2017 2:37 PM ESTHTC’s Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is set to launch in June for $99 Feb 26, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSamsung reveals new Gear VR with included controller Feb 23, 2017 5:56 PM ESTHuawei Watch 2 images leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Feb 22, 2017 7:33 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – The future through eSight’s wea... Virtual Reality Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM ESTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM ESTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM ESTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM ESTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM ESTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Apps/Games Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 3, 2017 6:09 PM ESTAirbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last ... Mar 3, 2017 4:51 PM ESTNintendo has plans to improve its cumbersome Friend Code system Mar 3, 2017 1:15 PM ESTNetflix to start airing Dave Chappelle specials on March 21st Mar 3, 2017 1:06 PM ESTMixed reality content coming to Xbox One and Project Scorpio in 2018 Mar 3, 2017 11:42 AM ESTCapcom is bringing more of its classic games to Android and iOS, inclu... Mar 3, 2017 2:58 AM ESTHere’s where you can buy the Nintendo Switch online in Canada Mar 2, 2017 7:29 PM ESTTwitter to livestream ESL and DreamHack eSports tournaments Automotive Feb 28, 2017 7:34 PM ESTVideo shows Uber CEO Kalanick arguing with driver over decreasing fares Feb 24, 2017 7:30 AM ESTQualcomm joins ‘Towards 5G’ to help make cars communicate Feb 23, 2017 7:01 PM ESTAlphabet-owned Waymo sues Uber for allegedly stealing driverless car tech Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM ESTJaguar launches in-car payments feature in partnership with Shell Feb 21, 2017 4:47 PM ESTTesla continues Canadian expansion with additional dealership and R... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Feb 14, 2017 5:48 PM ESTHyundai Canada adds Apple CarPlay to three 2017 cars Accessories Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 26, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMotorola announces Gamepad, Alexa and other new mods for its Moto Z se... Feb 19, 2017 2:11 PM ESTThis ballpoint pen doubles as an up to 1,000mAh battery charger Feb 14, 2017 8:21 PM ESTNest Cams are now able to detect what a door is Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Feb 7, 2017 4:18 PM ESTApple’s wireless Beats X headphones set to launch on February 10th Reviews Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Phones Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Aug 31, 2016 11:30 AM ESTVancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone int... Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM ESTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM ESTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... App/Game of the Week Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Feb 20, 2017 3:01 PM ESTCringe harder than ever before with the Fifty Shades chatbot [Bot of t... Feb 19, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNever make a packing list again with PackPoint [App of the week] Feb 18, 2017 6:28 PM ESTMontreal-developed Ok Golf is refined to a tee [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 23, 2017 3:25 PM ESTEverything you need to know about the ‘Netflix Tax’ Feb 22, 2017 4:01 AM ESTCanada ranks 12th in the world for overall data speed, says Open Signal Feb 20, 2017 6:00 PM ESTResident Evil 7 is an impressive return to the series’ terrifyin... Feb 20, 2017 1:48 PM ESTHorizon Zero Dawn features one of gaming’s most fascinating worl... Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Resources Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster How-to's Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Rate Plans Business Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Mar 1, 2017 5:16 PM ESTSnap prices IPO between $21 and $23 per share Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Carriers Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Jan 11, 2017 7:11 PM ESTShaw launches new BlueSky IPTV platform to compete with Telus’ O... Security & Privacy Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Feb 24, 2017 3:39 PM ESTCineplex Entertainment encourages password changes following thefts on... Feb 16, 2017 12:00 PM ESTYahoo may be warning users about another potential data breach Feb 13, 2017 4:17 PM ESTReports of data breaches in Canada to go up in 2017, say experts Feb 13, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBlackBerry forms new partnership with Isara to promote secure quantum ... Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Infrastructure Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM ESTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Mar 1, 2017 7:41 AM ESTSAP and Apple to release software developer kit for iPhone and iPad Feb 28, 2017 7:06 PM ESTSoundCloud goes after Spotify with new $6.99 CAD monthly subscription Feb 28, 2017 12:21 PM ESTMastercard announces Qkr with Masterpass expansion is coming to Canada Feb 27, 2017 9:43 PM ESTSAP, Amazon Web Services, and Deloitte launch digital transformation a... Syrup Community Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupCast Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupShop Lexar Professional 633x 64GB SDXC UHS-I Card AUKEY 40W / 8A 4 Port USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Here’s where you can buy the Nintendo Switch online in Canada By Patrick O'Rourke Mar 3, 2017 2:58 AM EST 11 comments While the Nintendo Switch is available in-store at major retailers like Best Buy, WalMart, EB Games and basically any store that sells video game products in Canada, there are a number of online retailers releasing what are expected to be limited quantities of the console. For example, at 3am EST (midnight PST) on Friday, March 3rd, the Switch is set to go on sale on Amazon.ca, exclusively to Prime members as a ‘Prime Perk.’ Free two-day shipping will be available to all subscribers, with free same-day shipping only being available in Vancouver and Toronto. Free one-day shipping is available in Montreal. Best Buy is also selling the Nintendo Switch on BestBuy.ca on Friday, March 3rd at 12 Noon EST (9am PST). It’s likely that both these online sales will sell out rather quickly, so if you’re interested in picking up the console, your best bet is to have your finger sitting on the purchase button at one of the above times. As more Nintendo Switch units go on sale online in Canada, we’ll update this post. Here is a list of games and accessories for sale: 1-2-Switch The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild – Switch Edition The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Special Edition Joy-Con (L-R) – Neon Blue – Left and Right Edition Nintendo Switch Carry Case & Screen Protector Nintendo Switch Pro Controller Super Bomberman R – Switch – Edition Source: Amazon Canada Find our full review of the Nintendo Switch here. Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Telus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginning at $62 Airbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last November Pixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ according to Google’s ... Sony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Galaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ according to Samsung trademark appl... Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Mar 1, 2017 12:07 PM ESTNintendo announces over 60 indie games for the Switch Reviews Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today News Feb 24, 2017 12:45 PM ESTNintendo Switch adds indie game Snipperclips to launch lineup News Mar 1, 2017 12:18 PM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today [Video] Comments Chris Hernandez Just ordered mine on Amazon. I stayed up to make sure I got one. Tuesday can’t come quick enough. ComebackKid777 It’s 6am est. and there is still the grey one in stock on Amazon. There’s stock on ebgames also. AMB_07 I guess that’s proof that Nintendo got their act together as far as stock goes. Shogun Yea and what’s amazing is that manufacturing this is far more complex than the NES Classic would’ve been and yet they seriously dropped the ball on that thing. Still can’t find one anywhere unless you want to shell out scalper prices. AMB_07 NES Classic was supposed to be in limited supply, I guess theh underestimated just how popular it would get. Shogun Limited supply? I think when you find you can’t buy one anywhere its a little more than just ‘limited supply’ None were available from day one so what would’ve made sense is for these to be in abundance at release leading up to Christmas and today perhaps in more limited availability. Instead, its been totally limited from day one so I chalk it up to the typical incompetence that Nintendo has become known for. AMB_07 That is literally the definition of “Limited Supply” my friend, this was meant to be a temporary thing and there are already rumours that they’ve stopped production. Had we been talking about the Switch I would wholeheartedly agree with you but this is just a side niche product that’s probably dead now. I realize it’s popular enough to not be considered niche but I guess Nintendo saw it as niche. Nachotech $480 + tax to get the system plus Zelda. I guess if you’re a HUGE Zelda fan it’s worth it, but I wouldn’t pay that, especially with no other compelling games coming out anytime soon. Nintendo always creates an artificial shortage to try and create hype. Wait two weeks and you’ll find Switch systems everywhere; wait several months and there’ll be more than one game worth buying and possibly there’ll be a price drop if the system doesn’t sell well. Shogun I think you can pretty much count on a price drop within the next 6 months on this thing. Right now this just isn’t worth buying given the dearth of content and the fact this unit has little functionality beyond strictly playing games. monkeymo Nintendo is marketing this a games console first and foremost. Only Microsoft can actually push the the non gaming side on their console. Regarding price, its $299 USD, realistically we can see maybe a $20 discount NEXT YEAR, because they arent gonna drop it for the holidays especially since Mario is coming out in September. The price sucks in Canada, we can only hope for our dollar to shoot up (hahahaha) and maybe Nintendo won’t screw us on the conversion, though look at the other non-american regions, Australia has this priced at $469, or 280 POUNDS in the UK. Nintendo seriously priced this thing ridiculous outside the US. Alex Suleiman I wasn’t given the option for same/2 day shipping in Vancouver when I ordered at midnight.. did anyone else get it? Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 6:09 PM ESTAirbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last ... Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... All News Carriers Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 4:47 PM ESTMTS president and CEO Jay Forbes to depart when Bell acquisition closes Mar 3, 2017 3:06 PM ESTTelus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginn... Mar 3, 2017 8:39 AM ESTFreedom offering $100 credit on LTE plan to select upgrade customers Mar 2, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCRTC releases data on device unlock revenue made by Canadian carriers Mar 2, 2017 11:34 AM ESTMobileSyrup is now selling unique, Canadian-focused carrier t-shirts! Mar 2, 2017 10:17 AM ESTVirgin and Bell cut the no-contract price of the Samsung Galaxy S7 by ... Manufacturers Mar 2, 2017 8:58 PM ESTThis is the BlackBerry Aurora, runs Android 7.0 with a 5.5-inch touchs... Mar 2, 2017 8:04 PM ESTGoogle-branded Chromebooks aren’t actually dead, says hardware exec Mar 2, 2017 5:04 PM ESTBlackBerry’s Jim Mackey has left the company Feb 28, 2017 9:02 PM ESTGoogle exec says company has ‘no plans’ to continue making... Feb 28, 2017 10:30 AM ESTSamsung to use technology built by Canada’s NewNet to build its ... Feb 28, 2017 9:47 AM ESTSouth Korean authorities have formally charged Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong Feb 27, 2017 4:54 PM ESTMediaTek starts production on its 10nm Helio X30 processor Feb 27, 2017 10:44 AM ESTZTE unveils the world’s first 5G smartphone, the Gigabit Phone Phones Mar 3, 2017 10:16 AM ESTGalaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ accordin... Mar 3, 2017 9:15 AM ESTPixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ a... Mar 2, 2017 2:20 PM ESTGoogle launches new ‘Playables,’ allowing users to test ou... Mar 2, 2017 11:14 AM EST‘Really Blue’ Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now available ... Mar 2, 2017 9:29 AM ESTBlackBerry’s latest licensed device will be called Aurora, revea... Mar 1, 2017 3:08 PM ESTOnePlus starts Android 7.1.1 beta test Mar 1, 2017 1:56 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy S8 photos show slim bezels and 3.5mm headphone jack Mar 1, 2017 10:55 AM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy S6 is now end-of-life at Bell and Virgin Tablets Mar 3, 2017 1:48 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab S3 now available for pre-order at Best Buy Canada Feb 27, 2017 10:43 AM ESTSamsung and Microsoft announce partnership on new Galaxy Book 2-in-1 a... Feb 26, 2017 1:43 PM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is coming to Canada for $799 Feb 17, 2017 7:18 PM ESTAndroid Nougat now available on LG G Pad III 8.0 tablets on Fido Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Wearables Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Feb 28, 2017 11:22 AM ESTVirtual Rabbids and three other games set to launch on Google’s ... Feb 27, 2017 8:28 PM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – VR Porn is coming Feb 27, 2017 3:29 PM ESTSony’s PlayStation VR has sold 915,000 units since October Feb 27, 2017 2:37 PM ESTHTC’s Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is set to launch in June for $99 Feb 26, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSamsung reveals new Gear VR with included controller Feb 23, 2017 5:56 PM ESTHuawei Watch 2 images leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Feb 22, 2017 7:33 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – The future through eSight’s wea... Virtual Reality Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM ESTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM ESTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM ESTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM ESTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM ESTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Apps/Games Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 3, 2017 6:09 PM ESTAirbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last ... Mar 3, 2017 4:51 PM ESTNintendo has plans to improve its cumbersome Friend Code system Mar 3, 2017 1:15 PM ESTNetflix to start airing Dave Chappelle specials on March 21st Mar 3, 2017 1:06 PM ESTMixed reality content coming to Xbox One and Project Scorpio in 2018 Mar 3, 2017 11:42 AM ESTCapcom is bringing more of its classic games to Android and iOS, inclu... Mar 3, 2017 2:58 AM ESTHere’s where you can buy the Nintendo Switch online in Canada Mar 2, 2017 7:29 PM ESTTwitter to livestream ESL and DreamHack eSports tournaments Automotive Feb 28, 2017 7:34 PM ESTVideo shows Uber CEO Kalanick arguing with driver over decreasing fares Feb 24, 2017 7:30 AM ESTQualcomm joins ‘Towards 5G’ to help make cars communicate Feb 23, 2017 7:01 PM ESTAlphabet-owned Waymo sues Uber for allegedly stealing driverless car tech Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM ESTJaguar launches in-car payments feature in partnership with Shell Feb 21, 2017 4:47 PM ESTTesla continues Canadian expansion with additional dealership and R... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Feb 14, 2017 5:48 PM ESTHyundai Canada adds Apple CarPlay to three 2017 cars Accessories Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 26, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMotorola announces Gamepad, Alexa and other new mods for its Moto Z se... Feb 19, 2017 2:11 PM ESTThis ballpoint pen doubles as an up to 1,000mAh battery charger Feb 14, 2017 8:21 PM ESTNest Cams are now able to detect what a door is Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Feb 7, 2017 4:18 PM ESTApple’s wireless Beats X headphones set to launch on February 10th Reviews Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS All Reviews Phones Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Aug 31, 2016 11:30 AM ESTVancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone int... Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM ESTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM ESTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... App/Game of the Week Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Feb 20, 2017 3:01 PM ESTCringe harder than ever before with the Fifty Shades chatbot [Bot of t... Feb 19, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNever make a packing list again with PackPoint [App of the week] Feb 18, 2017 6:28 PM ESTMontreal-developed Ok Golf is refined to a tee [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 23, 2017 3:25 PM ESTEverything you need to know about the ‘Netflix Tax’ Feb 22, 2017 4:01 AM ESTCanada ranks 12th in the world for overall data speed, says Open Signal Feb 20, 2017 6:00 PM ESTResident Evil 7 is an impressive return to the series’ terrifyin... Feb 20, 2017 1:48 PM ESTHorizon Zero Dawn features one of gaming’s most fascinating worl... Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Resources Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster All Resources How-to's Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Rate Plans Business Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Mar 1, 2017 5:16 PM ESTSnap prices IPO between $21 and $23 per share Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers All Business Carriers Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Jan 11, 2017 7:11 PM ESTShaw launches new BlueSky IPTV platform to compete with Telus’ O... Security & Privacy Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Feb 24, 2017 3:39 PM ESTCineplex Entertainment encourages password changes following thefts on... Feb 16, 2017 12:00 PM ESTYahoo may be warning users about another potential data breach Feb 13, 2017 4:17 PM ESTReports of data breaches in Canada to go up in 2017, say experts Feb 13, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBlackBerry forms new partnership with Isara to promote secure quantum ... Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Infrastructure Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM ESTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Mar 1, 2017 7:41 AM ESTSAP and Apple to release software developer kit for iPhone and iPad Feb 28, 2017 7:06 PM ESTSoundCloud goes after Spotify with new $6.99 CAD monthly subscription Feb 28, 2017 12:21 PM ESTMastercard announces Qkr with Masterpass expansion is coming to Canada Feb 27, 2017 9:43 PM ESTSAP, Amazon Web Services, and Deloitte launch digital transformation a... Syrup Community Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES All Syrup Community SyrupCast Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupShop Lexar Professional 633x 64GB SDXC UHS-I Card AUKEY 40W / 8A 4 Port USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News New Research: Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Expected To Consume the Largest Market Share, By 2021 Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Research Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Industry for 2016-2020. Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years and discussion of the key vendors effective in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling globally. For further information on this report, please visit- http://www.marketreportsworld.com/10293219 The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. Following Companies Are Key Players of the Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market: Applied Robotics SAS Automation ATI Industrial Automation Robotiq Other Prominent Vendors of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Are: ASS End of Arm Tooling Bastian Solutions EMI DESTACO Vacucom Robo-Tool FIPA Schunk Festo IPR Robotics Pneubotics Soft Robotics Motion Control Robotics Research Expert’s commented on the report: “The latest trend gaining momentum in the market is increase of robotic implementation in e-commerce industry. Growing online shopping has boosted the growth of the e-commerce sector over the last decade, especially in developing countries such as India where the government is focusing on smart cities and digital nation. The major e-commerce retailers such as the Amazon, Apple, Dell, and Walmart are struggling to adapt the fulfillment needs of the growing online ordering and delivering. Thus, they have started embodying smart robotics technology in the warehouse and delivering operations.” Ask Sample PDF of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10293219   According to the report, one of the major drivers for this market is growth in popularity of cobots. Traditionally, industrial robots used in packaging applications were kept behind barriers or cages to prevent contact from humans by accident. To ensure safety, multiple safety measures regulate the use of these robots, such as restricting their motion to the human-free territory with safety interlocks that halt the robot’s movements when humans enter those zones. Report also presents Geographical Segmentation analysis of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market of Americas, APAC, EMEA region.   For Any Query, Contact Our Expert @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10293219 Further, the report states that one of the major factors hindering the growth of this market is high initial cost of robotic implementation. The high initial cost of robots and their implementation is a major challenge restricting the growth of the global robotic EOAT market. Plant automation will include industrial robot price; peripheral equipment such as sensors, safety barriers, programmable logic controller (PLCs), human machine interface (HMIs), and safety systems; and engineering costs such as programming, installation, commissioning. Key questions answered in Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market report: What will the Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market? What are the challenges to Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market growth? Who are the key vendors in Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?   No of Pages: 61 Price of Report: $ 2500 (Single User License) Purchase Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10293219 About Market Reports World: Market Reports World is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Market Reports World +1 408 520 9750 Email – sales@marketreportsworld.com http://www.marketreportsworld.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBest Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry Report, Best Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Report, Business, Companies, Google News, Industry, Latest Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry Report, Latest Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Report, Markets, Nation, Research, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry forecast, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry growth, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry Report, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry shares, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry size, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Analysis, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Growth, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Report, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market shares, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Size, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Trends, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Report, satPRnews, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Latest Report Reveals Details about the Wider Scope and Stratified Research Methodology Offshore Oil and Gas Seismic Equipment and Acquisitions Market across the Globe By 2021 Next PostNext New Market Research Report: Global SBC and its Derivatives Market 2021 with Business Offerings Trends Analysis Quantitative Forecasting Search Recent Posts Allergy Partners Provides Tips About Dry, Itchy Winter Skin YPO’s annual EDGE conference makes global impact YPO’s annual EDGE conference makes global impact Indkaldelse til ordinær generalforsamling i Brøndbyernes I.F. Fodbold A/S Aktia tarjoaa kumppaneilleen uusia yhteistyömuotoja Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Aqueduct crash leaves 1 dead; 2 injured, 1 possibly missing Thursday Mar 2, 2017 at 8:36 PM Mar 3, 2017 at 10:15 AM By Staff Reports HESPERIA — Authorities said one person died when a vehicle crashed into the California Aqueduct late Thursday, two others were rescued and a search was still underway for a possible fourth victim. The incident was initially reported as a crash with extrication on Main Street between Pyrite and Escondido avenues just before 7 p.m. Thursday, according to San Bernardino County Fire Department spokesman Eric Spies, who said fire personnel arrived and found that a young child had been ejected from the vehicle just before it fell into the aqueduct. The child reported that two others were still in the vehicle, prompting a response from both County Fire and San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department officials. Jacob Robles, a Hesperia resident, said he was leaving the Walmart parking lot on Main Street when he saw a cloud of “dust and debris” from the crash. “It all happened so fast,” Robles said. “It looked like the vehicle swerved into the dirt (off the roadway), crashed through the fence and into the aqueduct.” Another witness, who declined to provide his name, said the vehicle was airborne and “went up like a rocket” just before it landed in the aqueduct. Robles and other passersby helped rescue the boy that was ejected from the vehicle. Robles said the boy informed them his mother and two younger brothers were still inside. “He was conscious, he knew who he was, but he had a deep gash over his left eye,” Robles said. Another witness shared the sentiment, while adding that the boy’s skull was showing from the gash. The child was taken to Loma Linda University Medical Center for treatment, Spies said, but further details on his condition weren’t available. The submerged vehicle, which appeared to be a red VW Beetle, was found by Sheriff’s dive team members around 7:30 p.m. One more child was rescued and was taken to a local hospital for treatment, Spies said. Officials didn’t have further details on the rescued victim’s condition Thursday night. Spies said the rescue was switched to a “recovery effort” after the vehicle was under water for about 2 hours. The vehicle was pulled out of the aqueduct just before 9 p.m., and a deceased adult was found. The identity of the deceased person is being withheld pending positive identification and notification of next of kin. Hesperia Sheriff’s Station Sgt. Ron Goddard said officials received “conflicting reports” about the number of passengers in the vehicle, and a possible fourth victim was believed to still be in the aqueduct. Dive team members continued their search late Thursday. Goddard said specifics on the crash were still being investigated and it wasn’t immediately clear how the crash occurred. The Hesperia Sheriff’s Station Major Accident Investigation Team was requested to conduct the investigation. Main Street was shut down in both directions between Pyrite and Escondido avenues following the incident. Goddard said the closure was expected to last for “several, several hours,” as the investigation and search continued. The incident remains under investigation by the Hesperia Sheriff’s Station. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Subscribe Now Print• Digital• Give A Gift Sections ▼ ▲ Today Magazine Writers Podcasts Books & Arts Newsletters Events Store Subscribe Now Print• Digital• Give a Gift Customer Service Online Access Renew Make A Payment Give A Gift Desktop View Login Logout Sections ▼ ▲ Today Magazine Writers Podcasts Books & Arts Newsletters Events Store Advanced Search March 13, 2017 Vol. 22, No. 26 ARCHIVES DOWNLOAD Editorial Critical but Not Serious The Courage Deficit Trump's Fake Defense Buildup The Right Way to Repeal Articles A Tale of Two Speeches The Adult in the Room Pioneering Press Critic An Opportunity for Environmentalists Are We Up to the Job? Features The Truth About Sweden The Power of the Presidential Pen Scrapbook Dem Response Pedestrian Cross-ing This Week in Trumpoplexy Fizzy Math Fish Story Pride of Place--Sort of Books & Arts Picture Imperfect Assault on Justice Hardy the Londoner Remains of the Day Joy in the Mourning 'Moonlight' Sonata Casual Mnemonic Possession Parody Just Another Burning Man William Kristol Fred Barnes Christopher Caldwell Jay Cost Terry Eastland Ethan Epstein Andrew Ferguson Stephen F. Hayes Mark Hemingway Jonathan V. Last Matt Labash Victorino Matus John McCormack Lee Smith Richard Starr Jim Swift Philip Terzian Kelly Jane Torrance Michael Warren Scroll down for next story THE MAGAZINE: From the March 13 Issue Pride of Place--Sort of The craft beer market continues to surge, and this being America, that means a burgeoning market for litigation. Among the lawsuits that have been brewing is a case filed last month accusing Walmart of peddling as “craft" beer the product of an industrial-scale brewer. Now comes another class-action writ, one accusing the Kona Brewing Co. of selling ostensibly Hawaiian-made beer—brews with names such as "Longboard Island Lager" and "Big Wave Golden Ale"—that are actually suds produced and bottled on the mainland. If so, Kona joins a prestigious list of prominent beers that are not from where they appear. If you have a taste for Japanese beer, you've probably noticed that your can of Sapporo is made in Canada. Mar 13, 2017 | By THE SCRAPBOOK The Weekly Standard Sorry, you've reached the limit on the articles you can view. Photo credit: Etsy The craft beer market continues to surge, and this being America, that means a burgeoning market for litigation. Among the lawsuits that have been brewing is a case filed last month accusing Walmart of peddling as “craft" beer the product of an industrial-scale brewer. Now comes another class-action writ, one accusing the Kona Brewing Co. of selling ostensibly Hawaiian-made beer—brews with names such as "Longboard Island Lager" and "Big Wave Golden Ale"—that are actually suds produced and bottled on the mainland. If so, Kona joins a prestigious list of prominent beers that are not from where they appear. If you have a taste for Japanese beer, you've probably noticed that your can of Sapporo is made in Canada. For the U.S. market that icon of British beer, Bass Ale, is made in New Hampshire. Guinness is setting up a brewery in Maryland. Of course, anyone who has lived in Hawaii knows that the real Hawaiian beer is a brand called Primo. As a youth, we're not too proud to admit, The Scrapbook learned the essential island craft of making hats by crocheting together sections of Primo cans. The Primo brewery long ago was shuttered—a victim of the brand being sold from one holding company to another. But now Primo is available again, part of the large stable of orphan brands owned by the Pabst group. Could it, at last, be real Hawaiian beer? Well, the Primo website doesn't exactly say where the stuff is brewed, but if you want more info, you're welcome to contact the Primo Brewing & Malting Company at their P.O. box—in San Antonio, Texas. Web Link: http://www.weeklystandard.com/article/2007064 Next Page Article Tagsbeer, The Scrapbook, Scrapbook Share Respond To THE SCRAPBOOK Like Us More Stories From The Issue of March 13, 2017 ▲ Picture Imperfect By Edward Short Critical but Not Serious By WILLIAM KRISTOL The Truth About Sweden By Paulina Neuding A Tale of Two Speeches By FRED BARNES The Adult in the Room By MICHAEL WARREN Pioneering Press Critic By PHILIP TERZIAN An Opportunity for Environmentalists By Irwin M. Stelzer Are We Up to the Job? By JAY COST Just Another Burning Man By Weekly Standard Dem Response By Michael Ramirez Pedestrian Cross-ing By THE SCRAPBOOK This Week in Trumpoplexy By THE SCRAPBOOK Fizzy Math By THE SCRAPBOOK Fish Story By THE SCRAPBOOK Pride of Place--Sort of By THE SCRAPBOOK The Courage Deficit By STEPHEN F. HAYES Trump's Fake Defense Buildup By Thomas Donnelly and Gary Schmitt The Right Way to Repeal By MARK HEMINGWAY The Power of the Presidential Pen By Adam J. White Assault on Justice By ALICE B. LLOYD Hardy the Londoner By William H. Pritchard Remains of the Day By Wray Herbert Joy in the Mourning By Andrew T. Walker 'Moonlight' Sonata By JOHN PODHORETZ Mnemonic Possession By Joseph Bottum ▼ THE MAGAZINE March 13, 2017 View All Issues Subscribe Today! Download The Weekly Standard http://assets.weeklystandard.com.s3.amazonaws.com/tws15/images/logo-large.png The Weekly Standard 2017 Washington, DC Politics 2017-03-03 March 13, 2017 http://www.weeklystandard.com/pride-of-place-sort-of/article/2007064 2017-03-03T01:55 2017-03-03T00:01 Pride of Place--Sort of The craft beer market continues to surge, and this being America, that means a burgeoning market for litigation. Among the lawsuits that have been brewing is a case filed last month accusing Walmart of peddling as “craft beer the product of an industrial-scale brewer. Now comes another class-action writ, one accusing the Kona Brewing Co. of selling ostensibly Hawaiian-made beer—brews with names such as Longboard Island Lager and Big Wave Golden Ale—that are actually suds produced and bottled on the mainland. If so, Kona joins a prestigious list of prominent beers that are not from where they appear. If you have a taste for Japanese beer, you've probably noticed that your can of Sapporo is made in Canada. For the U.S. market that icon of British beer, Bass Ale, is made in New Hampshire. Guinness is setting up a brewery in Maryland. Of course, anyone who has lived in Hawaii knows that the real Hawaiian beer is a brand called Primo. As a youth, we're not too proud to admit, The Scrapbook learned the essential island craft of making hats by crocheting together sections of Primo cans. beer, The Scrapbook, Scrapbook http://cdn.weeklystandard.biz/cache/280x280-723df77b55c71cbebface3c38da95a8d.jpg http://cdn.weeklystandard.biz/cache/280x280-723df77b55c71cbebface3c38da95a8d.jpg 280280 Login Logout Home Site▲ Magazine Today Podcasts Books & Arts Newsletter Events Store Search Magazine▲ Staff All Issues Editorials Features Articles Books & Arts Scrapbook Casual Parody Writers▲ William Kristol Fred Barnes Claudia Anderson Jeffrey H. Anderson Max Boot Joseph Bottum Christopher Caldwell Tucker Carlson Matthew Continetti Jay Cost Terry Eastland Noemie Emery Ethan Epstein Joseph Epstein Andrew Ferguson David Frum David Gelernter Reuel Marc Gerecht Michael Goldfarb Daniel Halper Mary Katharine Ham Stephen F. Hayes Mark Hemingway Brit Hume Thomas Joscelyn Frederick W. Kagan Charles Krauthammer Matt Labash Jonathan V. Last Yuval Levin Tod Lindberg Victorino Matus John McCormack Geoffrey Norman P.J. O'Rourke John Podhoretz Bill Roggio Gary Schmitt Stephen Schwartz Lee Smith Richard Starr Irwin M. Stelzer Jim Swift Philip Terzian Kelly Jane Torrance Michael Warren Advertise About Us Contact Us Subscribe © Copyright 2017 The Weekly Standard LLC - A Weekly Conservative Magazine & Blog. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use × Respond to Author × Login Contact Us Loading ... Print subscribers, if you don't already have a WeeklyStandard.com account, click here to activate. × ... × Login to your account Sorry, your email/password combination was incorrect. Please correct and try again. You have successfully logged in. Please wait... Email Password Forgot your password? Sorry, we couldn't find your email. Please correct and try again. You have successfully reset your password. Please check your email for further instructions. Return to Login Email Print subscribers, if you don't already have a WeeklyStandard.com account, click here to activate.
