Find Rates Calculators Home Rates Calculators   Mortgages Mortgage Rates Compare Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Mortgage News Veteran Homebuyer Central Mortgage Lender Reviews Home Equity Loans Home Equity Center Reverse Mortgage Loans Calculators The Home Hacker Refinance Refinance Rates Refinance Calculator Refinance Mortgage Auto Loan Refinance Bank Rates CD Rates Savings & Money Market Checking Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Power Up! Blog Credit Cards 0% APR Balance Transfer Travel & Airline Cash Back Rewards Business Fair Credit Bad Credit Best Credit Cards The Card Shark Blog Personal Loans Get Matched - LoanMatch™ Personal Loan Calculator Debt Consolidation Loans Home Improvement Loans Bad Credit Personal Loans Auto Auto Center Auto Loans Personal Loans Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Senior Living Retirement Calculators Investments Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Investment Calculators The Wealth Builder Blog Financial Planning Election 2016 The Cashlorette Blog Identity Protection Mastering your Money Debt Management Student Loans Tips from Jean Chatzky Calculators Certified Financial Planner Mobile Finance   advertisement Saving Money Blog Finance Blogs » Saving Money Blog » Black Friday Ads 2016: The best deals from Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target Black Friday Ads 2016: The best deals from Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target By Mitch Strohm · Bankrate.com Tuesday, November 22, 2016 Posted: 11 am ET Tweet Email Tweet Email Tom Pennington/Getty Images Black Friday is only a few days away. And several stores are offering great deals on tech, kitchen and household items. Target, Best Buy and Wal-Mart have especially attractive Black Friday ads this year. Those stores are advertising deep discounts on items including TVs, vacuums and even coffeemakers. RATE SEARCH: Get more out of your shopping with a rewards credit card. Below you'll find some standout deals that have been already been announced in Black Friday ads: Wal-Mart Wal-Mart's Black Friday deals officially begin in-store at 6 p.m. Nov. 24 (they are available all day Nov. 24 online) and continue through Nov. 25. Here are some of Wal-Mart's top Black Friday deals: $298 Phillips 55-inch Smart 4K TV $648 Samsung 60-inch Smart 4K TV $199 Apple iPad Mini 2 32GB $69 Fitbit Flex 2 $99 Nintendo 3DS $249 Xbox One S White 500GB Battlefield Bundle $9.76 Crock-Pot 5-QT. Slow Cooker $99 Actic King Chest Freezer $169 Serta Massage Recliner $196 Dyson V6 Slim Cordless Vacuum RATE SEARCH: Shop for the best credit cards from our partners. Best Buy Best Buy plans to open doors at its stores at 5 p.m. local time on Thanksgiving Day. Nearly all of them will remain open until 1 a.m. local time on Friday, Nov. 25. They'll reopen at 8 a.m. Nov 25 and close at 10 p.m. Here are some of Best Buy's top Black Friday deals: $199.99 Toshiba 49-inch 4K Ultra HD TV $39.99 Bose SoundSport In-Ear Headphones $89.99 Powerbeats Wireless Headphones $479.99 Samsung 55-inch LED 4K Ultra HD Smart TV $199.99 Samsung 4K UHD Blu-ray Player with a $10 Best Buy Gift Card $49.99 Homido V2 Virtual Reality Headset $249 (PlayStation 4 Uncharted Bundle with two free games $299.99 Dyson V6 Animal Cord-Free Stick Vacuum $124.99 Ring Smart HD Video Doorbell $199.99 KitchenAid Professional 5 Plus Series Stand Mixer Target Target is starting Black Friday with a presale on Wednesday, Nov. 23 — you can shop all day at Target.com, or you can shop in-store with Target's free savings program app, Cartwheel. Target's Black Friday deals are available all of Thanksgiving Day at Target.com and at Target stores starting at 6 p.m. The deals continue through Nov. 25 until 10 p.m., 11 p.m. or midnight, depending on the store. Here are some of Target's standout Black Friday deals: $249.99 50-inch Hisense 4K UHD TV $198 Apple Watch Series 1 $89.99 Powerbeats 2 Wireless Earphones $89.95 Fitbit Charge HR $249.99 (regularly $299.99) Xbox One S Console 500GB Battlefield 1 or Minecraft Bundle — comes with a $40 Target Gift Card $29.99 (regularly $59.99) select video games $99 (regularly $149) Anova Sous Vide Bluetooth Precision Cooker $199.99 (regularly $349.99) Hoover Quest 700 Robotic Vacuum $299.99 (regularly $499.99) Dyson V6 Animal Cordless Stick Vacuum $129.99 (regularly $259.99) Motorola Digital Video Baby Monitor Keep in mind that Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target all have different rules for Black Friday. Best Buy, for instance, hands out tickets to purchase items in its Black Friday ad. It pays to know each store's individual rules before you brave the crowds. And remember, many stores are conveniently offering Black Friday deals online, some of which are available now. RATE SEARCH: Find a low-rate credit card. Related posts: Best Target Black Friday Deals 2016 Target Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Best Buy Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Target Black Friday deals for tech Best Buy Black Friday Deals 2016 « Target Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Black Friday ads 2016: Best tech deals at Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target » Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages comments. We ask that you stay on topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, and illegal content. Please keep in mind that we reserve the right to (but are not obligated to) edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use. Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. 15 Comments Rigoberto May 03, 2017 at 11:53 pm This piece of writing is genuinely a nice one it helps new web viewers, who are wishing for blogging. cheap nhl jerseys Tommy April 14, 2017 at 12:36 pm What's up, I want to subscribe for this website to get most up-to-date updates, so where can i do it please help out. wholesale nba jerseys Tamika April 04, 2017 at 11:51 am Hello there! This is kind of off topic but I need some advice from an established blog. Is it very hard to set up your own blog? I'm not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick. I'm thinking about creating my own but I'm not sure where to begin. Do you have any tips or suggestions? Thank you wholesale NFL jerseys Valeria March 18, 2017 at 12:06 pm Everything is very open with a very clear description of the issues. It was really informative. Your website is extremely helpful. Thank you for sharing!wholesale mlb jerseys « Older Comments Add a comment (Comments may take 5-10 minutes to appear) Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-mail (required) Compare Rates» Mortgage Rates 30 year fixed 15 year fixed 5/1 ARM 7/1 ARM 30 year Jumbo 5/1 ARM (IO) 30 year FHA 30 year fixed refi 15 year fixed refi See all Mortgages High Yield CD and MMA Rates 6 month CD 1 year CD 2 year CD 3 year CD 1 year Jumbo CD 3 year jumbo CD 5 year IRA CD MMAs See all CDs See all MMAs Other Rates Home Equity Credit Cards Auto Insurance Local CDs Checking College Finance Personal Loans Credit Unions Local MMAs Latest Blogs SAVING MONEY Join our exclusive Money Masters group SAVING MONEY What's old is new again SAVING MONEY Is your Macy's, Sears or Kmart closing? SAVING MONEY It's Free Shipping Day! Here's what to know advertisement Today's Top Stories   Mortgage rates inch downward Can a creditor garnish jobless benefits? 2009 RMD rules for an IRA Co-signer payments will protect credit Health reform needs urgent treatment advertisement About this index Overnight Averages Mortgage Home Equity Auto CDs Credit Cards View rates in your area: View rates in your area: View rates in your area: Compare rates: -- select -- 6 Mo CD 1 Yr CD 5 Yr CD 1 Yr Jumbo CD MMA MMA Jumbo 3 Mo CD Compare rates: -- select -- Card type Credit type Issuers   Bankrate's FREE Content Center Mortgage Calculator Calculate your monthly mortgage payment. CD Rate Averages Compare rates daily across CD & Investment products. Refinance Stories Displays refinance-related stories and articles.   advertisement Connect with us             About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Newsletters Understanding Bankrate's rate averages © 2017 Bankrate, LLC All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Active participation of Pakistani Army in killings and mutilation: Government To crack down on loan defaulters, Govt clears new ordinance Govt admits Aadhaar data leak, critics cite ‘civil liberties’ An Islamic State Diary: ‘Pakistan like Iraq, history will repeat...’ An elopement, a murder, shadow of Hindu Vahini rattles UP village Home Business Companies Wal-Mart seeks anti-corruption certification, in talks with regulators Wal-Mart seeks anti-corruption certification, in talks with regulators "We have begun looking for a company that would certify us," said Jay Jorgensen, Wal-Mart's executive vice president. By: Reuters | New York | Published:May 4, 2017 8:04 am Wal-Mart has given feedback to federal agencies and will continue doing so and the company would also be open to speaking with state regulators about compliance, he said. Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Wednesday it was considering getting certified under a new international program that could help companies defend themselves against isolated cases of corruption or poor business practices. The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) developed the so-called anti-corruption compliance program and Wal-Mart is hoping to be the first U.S. company to get certified under it, said Jay Jorgensen, Wal-Mart’s executive vice president and global chief ethics and compliance officer. “We have begun looking for a company that would certify us,” Jorgensen told the Thomson Reuters Financial and Risk Summit in New York. The ISO is the world’s largest developer and publisher of international standards. Jorgensen added that Wal-Mart was interested in seeing the program develop in the United States, with the government laying out its own anti-corruption compliance framework or adopting ISO standards to help protect companies that follow it and defend themselves if something goes wrong. Jorgensen also shared a recent development in which federal agencies have contacted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer about compliance programs. “Over the past couple of months … some of the federal agencies have reached out to say ‘hey do you have any feedback for us, anything we are doing is unreasonable?,'” Jorgensen said. Wal-Mart has given feedback to federal agencies and will continue doing so and the company would also be open to speaking with state regulators about compliance, he said. Jorgensen cited an example of how a broken baby shampoo bottle in California is treated as hazardous waste that retailers have to dispose off through an incinerator. “We would love it if California would say ‘hey we would like some feedback,” Jorgensen said. Jorgensen, who joined Wal-Mart in 2012, has been instrumental in revamping Wal-Mart’s compliance systems around the world and building a dedicated ethics and compliance team. That team has a staff of over 2,300, including over 500 in the United States and over 1,800 in international markets. Since 2013, Wal-Mart has invested more than $141 million in global ethics and compliance systems, Jorgensen said. More recently, Wal-Mart has created licensing teams that monitor the more than 56,000 licenses and permits Wal-Mart needs to operate in global markets using a centralized licensing system that reduces the error of wrongdoing and increases transparency, he said. For the last four years, the Wal-Mart board’s compensation committee has conditioned a portion of its most senior executives’ compensation on making adequate progress toward annual compliance goals. In its latest compliance report, Wal-Mart said it has achieved over 200 of these board-level objectives, including over 60 that relate specifically to its anti-corruption program. Wal-Mart’s ethics and compliance system came into focus after a New York Times report in 2012 found Wal-Mart had engaged in a multi-year bribery campaign to build its Wal-Mart de Mexico business. This was followed by an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice into potential misconduct by Wal-Mart, including violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in some overseas markets including China, Brazil, India and Mexico. In October, Wal-Mart rebuffed a proposal by U.S. prosecutors to pay at least $600 million to settle a corruption probe into the company’s practices in markets including Mexico, India and China. So far Wal-Mart has spent about $800 million on legal fees and an internal investigation into the alleged payments and to revamp its compliance systems around the world. For all the latest India News, download Indian Express App now No Comments. Best of Express Bilkis Bano gangrape case: Bombay HC upholds life term for 11, rejects CBI plea for death penalty EntertainmentBaahubali 2 box office collection day 6: Film beats Dangal lifetime collection, grosses over Rs 700 crore worldwide EntertainmentActor and comedian Sunil Grover brings back the 'comedy family', but not on The Kapil Sharma Show EntertainmentFawad Khan's intimate photoshoot with wife Sadaf will make you forget all that he has done onscreen so far EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna celebrates 'trophy husband' Akshay Kumar as he says 'I deserve this award' Must Read SportsIPL 2017, KKR v RPS: Giant Killer SportsIndo-Pak sporting ties freeze over SportsChampions Trophy pullout threat gains momentum TechnologyGoogle Docs phishing scam is spreading fast: Here's what you need to know TechnologyOppo F3 with dual front camera setup to launch in India today: All we know so far TechnologyGoogle Pixel, Pixel XL get Rs 13,000 cashback offer: Report LifestyleAre Baahubali saris the next big thing? Women flaunt jumbo prints of movie posters May 04: Latest News No cause for alarm about Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip after royal staff called to meeting: source Humans must leave Earth in 100 years to survive: Stephen Hawking Australian mother who killed eight children avoids charges Chhattisgarh: Four suspected Naxals arrested for role in Sukma attack US: House approves bill that eyes Russia’s alleged covert campaigns                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Next Battleground for Amazon and Wal-Mart: The Unbanked A new fight for the wallets of millions of people who don't like or trust big financial institutions. Rich Duprey (TMFCop) May 3, 2017 at 7:44PM Few retailers have catered more to the unbanked than Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT). Whether it's a dislike of banks, a distaste for their fees, or some other reason, a sizable portion of U.S. households have chosen not to have a checking or savings account at a financial institution, and Wal-Mart has ensured they have a place to go. Through its 1,200 money centers, unbanked consumers can meet all of their banking needs at greatly reduced cost. From paying bills to wiring money here or abroad, Wal-Mart has made it cheap, easy, and convenient to bank without a bank. Now it's about to get some sizable competition from Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), which recently launched its Amazon Cash program that specifically targets this same subset of the population. Image source: Getty Images. Cashing out of banks According to the FDIC, some 9 million households, or 7% of all U.S. households, do not have an account at an insured institution. Moreover, almost 20% of households, or 24.5 million households in the country, are "underbanked" -- they have a checking or savings account, but also used other non-bank services for their banking needs. While conventional thinking has led us to believe that banks are the be-all, end-all of finance, it also shows that a huge swath of the population has a high level of distrust of or dissatisfaction with traditional financial institutions. Wal-Mart offered them a better option. It had once tried to enter the banking industry by applying for an industrial loan corporation charter, or ILC, that would have allowed it to establish a low-cost financial-services arm similar to ones that Target, GE, and others operate, but banks raised a hue and cry against Wal-Mart, and the retailer subsequently withdrew its application. Today, Wal-Mart helps the unbanked by offering an entire suite of financial services, which, in addition to the services mentioned earlier, also lets customers cash payroll and government checks, get prepaid debit cards, and print personal and business checks. Its Bluebird financial accounts, arranged through American Express, essentially allow customers to bank without a bank. Image source: Wal-Mart. Although these financial services total less than 1% of Wal-Mart's annual net revenues, that's still more than $4 billion worth of financial business being conducted, and it recently noted that the volume of money services transactions it's making can be measured "with a B." It's no wonder Amazon.com is looking to get in on the action. Cashing in on opportunity Amazon Cash isn't yet so grandiose as a Wal-Mart Money Center, but it is specifically targeted to the unbanked consumer and may provide a platform for future expansion. Amazon customers won't need a checking account to deposit between $15 and $500 in cash into an Amazon account. Instead, they can go to one of 10,000 retail stores from the likes of CVS, Speedway, Sheetz, and others and simply present a barcode from Amazon that they've either printed out or downloaded to a smartphone. There are also no fees to use the service. This is big because these are customers that have arguably been ignored previously by the e-tailer. Typically, you need a bank account to access Amazon services, and often it pays to be a Prime member. Not so with Amazon Cash, which is open to anyone. Image source: Getty Images. As Wal-Mart and Amazon continuously clash for retail dominance, every consumer becomes more valuable. By making its platform more accessible, Amazon can siphon off additional customers, and because Amazon Cash will be available both on smartphones and via analog means -- such as printing out a barcode -- the retailer is able to include the third of unbanked adults who don't yet have a smartphone. Start small, grow big Initially, it would seem Wal-Mart won't lose many customers to Amazon because money deposited at the e-commerce leader can only be spent on Amazon. Even PayPal, which has its own online cash service, is open to use at thousands of retailers, while Wal-Mart customers have an array of financial services available to them at its brick-and-mortar stores, and soon via mobile phone. Yet Amazon is only just tapping into this demographic. It's easy to see that if the unbanked increasingly use the service, Amazon will make more options available, including varied financial services. This is just the first skirmish between Amazon.com and Wal-Mart for the loyalty -- and wallets -- of the unbanked. It definitely won't be the last. Rich Duprey has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and PayPal Holdings. The Motley Fool owns shares of General Electric. The Motley Fool recommends American Express and CVS Health. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Duprey (TMFCop)   Rich has been a Fool since 1998 and writing for the site since 2004. After 20 years of patrolling the mean streets of suburbia, he hung up his badge and gun to take up a pen full time. Having made the streets safe for Truth, Justice and Krispy Kreme donuts, he now patrols the markets looking for companies he can lock up as long-term holdings in a portfolio. So follow me on Facebook and Twitter for the most important industry news in retail and consumer products and other great stories. Follow @RetlInvstrsWire Article Info May 3, 2017 at 7:44PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $75.76 up $0.24 (0.32%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $941.03 down $-5.91 (-0.62%) Read More Why Amazon Is So Focused on Groceries Right Now Why Whole Foods Could Be a Good Fit For Amazon Amazon's U.S. Prime Membership Doubled in 2 Years How Amazon.com, Inc. Crushed Its Own Q1 Targets Is Amazon.com Worth $1,000? Or Is It Worth $1,100? Please Pick One. Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Next Battleground for Amazon and Wal-Mart: The Unbanked @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN
Search About Us Advertise Connect with Us facebook Menu News Weather People Celebrations Schools Elementary/Intermediate Schools Middle Schools High Schools Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants 2015 Women of Hoover 2016 Women of Hoover Women in Business 2017 Opinion Mayor's Minute Kari Kampakis Rick Watson Editor's Perspective Events Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards 50th Anniversary Weather Home News Syringe found in pocket of robbery suspect Syringe found in pocket of robbery suspect May 3, 2017 10:50 PM Back to Search Results RSS Print After locating and arresting robbery suspect, Hoover police reportedly found a syringe in the suspect’s pocket.  Hoover Police arrested 49-year-old Dothan resident George Charles Harris Jr. following a robbery that took place on May 2 in the parking lot of the Walmart on U.S. 280, according to a release from Lt. Keith Czeskleba. Police responded to the robbery around 9:50 p.m., and spoke with the victim, who works at the Walmart. She said she was leaving work when an unknown man, later identified as Harris, approached her in the parking lot, according to the release. The man asked the victim to give him a ride, but she said no. The suspect reportedly placed his hand in his pocket, “implying he was armed,” and threatened her. Police later found a BB pistol in the backseat of the victim’s car, according to the release. He told the victim to drive to an ATM and after driving for a half mile, she convinced him she had no money. He then allowed her to drive back to Walmart “to attempt to get money from the store,” the release said. "This victim was obviously very quick thinking on her feet to get this guy to let her return to Walmart," Czeskleba said. "Had she panicked and not been thinking clearly, there's really no telling how this could have ended up, but because of her quick thinking, it ended up with a happy ending for the good guys and for her." The victim went into the store and called 911, and officers found Harris in the backseat of her car, according to the report. After he was arrested, a BB gun pistol was found in the backseat, and a syringe was found in the suspect’s pocket. Police obtained warrants for George Chris Harris Jr. on the charges of first degree robbery, first degree kidnapping, unlawful possession of drug paraphernalia and fourth degree theft of property. The total bond was set at $122,000. The property theft charge is related to the BB gun, Czeskleba said. Harris reportedly stole from Walmart prior to approaching the victim. Harris was booked at Hoover City Jail and will be transferred to Shelby County Jail later today. Tags police crime Hoover Police Department May 3, 2017 10:50 PM View Past Issues Upcoming Events Economic Development Committee Meeting May 4, 2017 8:30 AM Hoover Area Chamber of Commerce First Thursday Fiction Book Group May 4, 2017 10:00 AM Hoover Public Library May the Fourth Be with You May 4, 2017 10:00 AM - 8:00 PM Hoover Public Library ExploraStory May 4, 2017 10:30 AM Hoover Public Library Alabama Criminal Justice May 4, 2017 - May 18, 2017 Vestavia Hills Civic Center PJ Storytime May 4, 2017 6:30 PM Hoover Public Library Debbie Bond May 4, 2017 6:30 PM Hoover Public Library Native American Culture May 5, 2017 1:00 PM - 2:30 PM Homewood Public Library NeNe Leaks May 5, 2017 7:30 PM Stardome Comedy Club A Celebration of Mom 365 May 6, 2017 11:00 AM - 1:30 PM The Purpose Center at Dannon Submit Yours News Weather People Celebrations Schools Elementary/Intermediate Schools Middle Schools High Schools Private Schools Sports Businesses Restaurants 2015 Women of Hoover 2016 Women of Hoover Women in Business 2017 Opinion Mayor's Minute Kari Kampakis Rick Watson Editor's Perspective Events Videos About Us Our Staff Advertise News and Awards 50th Anniversary Weather About Us Advertise Hoover Sun LLC Built with Metro Publisher™  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Philadelphia Personal Injury Lawyer Discusses Big Box Store Injuries Philadelphia, 05/03/2017 /SubmitPressRelease123/ Also known as “superstores” or “supercenters,” big box stores are large retailers with a layout that literally looks like a giant box from above. Common big box stores include Walmart and Target. They offer a staggering variety of products, and many now include entire grocery stores inside. These stores are convenient, but they can also be dangerous. Products can slip from the shelves and burst open on the floor, causing a slip and fall hazard. Items can also fall from upper shelves and cause serious injury. If you’ve been injured in a big box store, it’s important to speak to a personal injury lawyer right away. Slips and Falls in Big Box Stores This probably won’t surprise many people, but Walmart is the world’s largest retailer. It’s almost impossible to drive anywhere in the U.S. and not see a Walmart store. With so many stores, however, injuries are inevitable. According to one report, the retail giant faces up to 5,000 lawsuits every year. And with so many items on the shelves, spills are inevitable. Slippery liquid on the floor is a hazard — whether it’s laundry detergent, milk, or water. Unfortunately, these stores are so massive, it sometimes takes workers a while to notice that a spill has occurred. Philadelphia personal injury lawyer Rand Spear explains, “Big box retailers almost always have their own company protocol for handling a slip and fall incident or other type of injury. If you slip and fall in a big box store, be polite, but be careful not to make any statements about the nature of your injuries. Don’t self-diagnose on the spot. Only a doctor can determine how badly you’re hurt. Any statement you make to employees on the scene could be used against you in a personal injury case down the road.” Falling Objects in Big Box Stores Getting struck by a falling object is terrifying. It comes out of nowhere, and you have absolutely no time to prepare for it. Big box retail stores often keep extra merchandise stocked on upper shelves. However, this merchandise can shift and plummet to the ground — or on a customer’s head. If you’re injured by a falling object in a big box store, get medical help right away. This type of injury can leave an individual with serious neck, spine, and back injuries. Seek emergency medical help, then speak to an attorney about protecting your important legal rights. Contact a Philadelphia Personal Injury Lawyer Today Big box stores are owned by massive corporations, and you can be sure they have an army of lawyers at their disposal. However, you shouldn’t back down if you’ve been hurt in a large retail store or supercenter. Fight back and protect your rights. Discuss the next steps in your case with Philadelphia and New Jersey personal injury lawyer.  Demand Rand Spear today at 877-GET-RAND. source: http://randspear.com/2017/04/28/philadelphia-personal-injury-lawyer-discusses-big-box-store-injuries/ Like Submit123 PR on Facebook and get your news published CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ship & Shore Environmental, Inc. Closes two new deals in China, CEO advises local EPA Next PostNext Nurx.com Gives Away Birth Control in Anti-Contraception Activist, Teresa Manning’s Name Search Recent Posts Global Benzodiazepine Market to grow at a CAGR of 1.5% to 2.3% by 2022 North America Programmable Stage Lighting Market to 2022 – Analysis and Forecasts by Types and End-User Verticals Fruit and Vegetable Ingredients Market Outlook and Worldwide Forecast to 2022 North America Food-grade Alcohol Market 2017 – Sales,Price,Revenue,Gross Margin and Market Share Melcor REIT sells industrial warehouse asset in Lethbridge, AB RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Obsessed male admirer yelled 'you know who I am' at 20-year-old and then shot her dead at Texas college before killing himself as terrified witnesses fled for their lives Queen Elizabeth calls her entire household to a 'highly unusual' emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace - but mystery surrounds the reason why Alanis Morissette's ex-manager gets SIX YEARS in prison for stealing $7million from the 'Ironic' singer and other stars 'You can either leave or you can stay here and die': San Diego pool gunman let white woman escape as he murdered black and hispanic victims 'It takes a lot of work to lose to Donald Trump': David Axelrod turns on Hillary Clinton's claim it was the FBI, the Russians and misogyny that cost her the election Why Botox kills your sex life - by a beauty therapist whose clients have been sharing their marital woes with her for over 25 years 'I would not wish this on my worst enemies!' YouTubers try to survive on the Victoria's Secret Angels' strict pre-show diet - and are left in total MISERY Obama's team 'asked for NSA secrets on more than 30,000 Americans in 2016 and circulated 6,000 intelligence reports WITHOUT removing their names' Congress will vote on health care bill to repeal and replace Obamacare tomorrow - six weeks after humiliating climbdown Hero Georgia deputies save teen as he tries to kill himself on Facebook Live after viewers call 911 Beware of invites to Google docs: Experts warn phishing attack 'spreading like crazy' Colbert REFUSES to apologize for his 'homophobic' Trump gag and defiantly says 'I have jokes, he has the launch codes - it's a fair fight'  Enjoy rainbow coloured produce, consume A LOT of fish oil and focus on good fats: The best foods to eat to ensure beautiful, glowing skin Three illegal immigrant MS-13 gang members arrested for attempted murder in Long Island machete attack Gang of five teenage girls kill a father-of-seven and steal his iPhone 6 after agreeing to meet to buy the device in a parking lot America's forgotten heroes: 100 years ago, the U.S. finally agreed to send soldiers to join the Allies in the trenches and help turn the course of WWI. So why, asks a top historian, is their awesome bravery barely remembered today? Was the 'Devil in White City' really executed? Nineteenth century serial killer who preyed on his victims in 'hotel of horrors' filled with trap doors and sound-proof rooms is exhumed to dispel conspiracy theories Did you survive the Whatsapp outage? Users react with fury as messaging service goes down worldwide for two hours Apple announces $1 BILLION fund to create manufacturing jobs in the US and boasts it's created work for more than 1.5m across all 50 states 'in fear of incurring Donald Trump's wrath' White cops who shot dead black man while pinning him to the ground will NOT be charged by the Justice Department Patch, the one-eyed horse who is set to take the Kentucky Derby by storm: Fan favorite is tipped at 30-1 to win America's biggest race SEVEN bounty hunters charged with murder after they opened fire on the WRONG car in a Walmart parking lot - killing an innocent father and injuring another three  Escaped murder suspect who broke out of a psychiatric hospital six days ago is found hiding in a drain pipe just TWO miles away Reality star accused of sextorting 'queen of Snapchat' YesJulz over nude photos is ordered by a judge to unlock her iPhone Previous Next Moment a woman dressed only in her underwear is arrested after 'carjacking a vehicle and then smashing it into a Walmart' Sharnett Barton, 30, arrested on Monday in Orange City, Florida A friend said Barton began acting bizarrely and jumped out a window undressed She then allegedly stole a vehicle via brute force and sideswiped two other cars The madcap escapade ended when the stolen car crashed into a Walmart 'I'm pregnant' yelled Barton as she struggled against the arresting officers  By Keith Griffith For Dailymail.com Published: 17:33 EDT, 3 May 2017 | Updated: 18:03 EDT, 3 May 2017 e-mail 6 shares 3 View comments Sharnett Barton, 30, was arrested on Monday in Orange City, Florida This is the moment a woman in her underwear was arrested after crashing a stolen car into the side of a Walmart. Sharnett Barton, 30, was arrested on Monday in Orange City, Florida, and faces charges of robbery carjacking without a firearm, resisting an officer, and leaving the scene of a crash. The strange case unfolded around 5pm on Monday, when a friend said Barton came over to his house claiming people wanted to kill her, before stripping down to her underwear and jumping out of his window. 'I never saw her act like that. I immediately started to call 911,' the friend, who declined to be identified, told WESH. The witness says Barton approached two different vehicles on the roadway in an attempt to carjack the drivers through brute force.  Barton allegedly carjacked a vehicle through brute force and drove it wildly for 12 miles before crashing into the front of this Walmart She was successful in stealing the second vehicle, according to police. The stolen car tore wildly down the roadway on a 12 mile escapade, sideswiping at least two vehicles and causing $7,000 in damage to them, police said. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'I work 14 hours a day': Woman finds a note from Chinese... Mystery as FORTY snakes are found dumped in a slithering... Share this article Share One woman whose car was hit called 911: '(She) blew the side of my car out and pulled in here like a crazy person.' 'I'm sitting here right behind her car. She just busted into the front of the Walmart,' the caller said. Barton then apparently jumped out of the car, which struck a guard pole in front of the store, and dashed inside the Walmart wearing only her bra and panties. The police body camera video shows Barton emerging from the store wrapped in a blanket, which quickly falls off.  'I'm pregnant, I'm pregnant,' she yells at the officer attempting to handcuff her. 'Face the wall or I'm going to put you on it, pregnant or not' the officer replies When police try arrest her, Barton dawdles in complying with them. 'I'm pregnant, I'm pregnant,' she yells at the officer attempting to handcuff her. 'Face the wall or I'm going to put you on it, pregnant or not' the officer replies. Barton appears to go limp and refuses to go with the officers. It eventually took several officers and firemen to control her and put her in the back of a police car. Read more: Video shows horrible crash in front of Oklahoma school bus Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Most watched News videos Cute orangutan is freed by rescuers after TWO YEARS in a box Argentinian man spends $35,000 on surgery to become 'real-life elf' Tory voter Malcolm Baker confronts Lib Dem leader Tim Farron Heartwarming moment stray dog leads rescuers to her ten puppies People with facial differences open up about abuse they've suffered Playboy playmate Jaylene Cook shows off her island holidays Dramatic footage shows police shoot dead gunman Peter Selis Father pulls hysterical 'blinker fluid' prank on his two girls 'Erm, they will cost': Abbott's car-crash election interview Mortifying: Diane Abbott is played her toe-curling LBC interview Comey 'mildly nauseous' thinking FBI may have affected election 'I don't give a f***': Woman strolls through airport NAKED Entire Queen's household is called to 'highly unusual'... Obama's sex secrets laid bare: How he considered a gay... 'I consider myself trans-species’: Fantasy fan transforms... REVEALED: Barack Obama two-timed Michelle Obama with a... First taste of freedom: Heart-warming moment an abused... Genius or lazy? Designer who gets a text message from a... Lost 16-year-old girl 'was gang-raped by kebab shop owner... 'I bet you wish you were dead': People with extreme... 'The f***ing b******s have taken her': Witnesses tell of... 'We will be here for as long as it takes': Kate and Gerry... British doctor, 69, arrested 'for abusing girls as young... Juncker admits Theresa May is a 'tough lady' - but... Muhammed and Amelia are now the most-popular boys' and... The voter who left Tim Farron all shook up: Furious Elvis... Real-life Lassie: Moment abandoned dog leads rescuers two... Gang-of-four 'forced a vulnerable father to EAT one of... The man with the worst job in the world: Bangladesh sewer... Dozens of burka-wearing women go nuts for a clothes sale... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 3 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today She's got some front! Busty Kim Kardashian flashes cleavage as she steps out in Hollywood...after revealing she has trust issues after Paris theft 'Celebrating her life': Scott Baio reunites with Happy Days cast at Erin Moran memorial after controversially attributing her cancer death to drugs Blue bloods! Bella and Gigi Hadid coordinate in cobalt as they head out and about in NYC Bella, 20, showcased her long toned legs in skinny-fitting leggings 'I'm completely clean right now': Miley Cyrus talks quitting weed and 'refalling back in love' with Liam Hemsworth in candid new interview Young love for the star  Sting lists Manhattan penthouse for $56 Million - where he and Trudie Styler have his-and-her master baths and fur throws in their bedroom Entire Queen's household is called to 'highly unusual' emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace today as speculation mounts over the reason  Bumper party! Lingerie-clad Ashley Graham twerks booty-to-booty with male friend in BTS Snapchat video She's an outspoken advocate for curves 'I can't trust anyone': Kim Kardashian reveals the Paris robbery has left her terrified and emotionally scarred nearly eight months later I expect you to diet, Mr Bond! Daniel Craig appears to have put on weight around his midriff as he strolls in London  Out and about  Peep show! Ariel Winter flashes cleavage in eye-popping dress for Modern Family screening All eyes were on the star at the event  Pregnant Beyonce looks exhausted while furniture shopping in LA with mini-me daughter Blue Ivy as she prepares for the arrival of her twins Working the bump! Beyonce shows off her growing baby belly in new video on Instagram Would like to remind the world she is pregnant with twins Colbert REFUSES to apologize for his 'homophobic' Trump gag and defiantly says 'I have the jokes he has the launch codes, it's a fair fight'  Kim Zolciak makes crude Twitter joke offering up daughter Brielle, 20, for sexual favors in exchange for meeting John Legend Did not go down well  Sofia Vergara rocks stunning black and white dress as she shows off her enviable body at Modern Family screening Looked ravishing 'The editor of this magazine is an idiot': Sofia Vergara hits back at cover story that claims she is divorcing Joe Manganiello She is not happy  'I did get close': Ryan Seacrest reveals he has never popped the question as Kelly Ripa grills him about being a serial bachelor Never been engaged  'What do you feed those arms?!': Chris Hemsworth flexes his MASSIVE guns during a training session while filming the Avengers movie in Scotland She's still got IT! Helena Christensen is gorgeous in sexy off-the-shoulder black dress at NYC charity gala Swept her bangs back 'They moved in together': Kristen Stewart 'shacks up' with model Stella Maxwell after five months of dating Next step for the couple  'This isn't a fight, it's a grudge': Bethenny Frankel skips Ramona Singer's surprise 60th birthday party on RHONY Could not be convinced by the other housewives Gamora and Drax! Zoe Saldana sizzles in sheer-paneled dress as she cuddles up to Dave Bautista at New York screening of Guardians Of The Galaxy 'This woman has a questionable background': Drake denies getting a former porn star pregnant during a fling in late January Rihanna flashes some skin in kinky boots and oversize trench coat as she visits Roc Nation headquarters in NYC Very chic look wearing thigh high lace-ups 9021-0UT! Eden Sassoon says she 'feels free' as she announces she's leaving The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Clashed with Lisa  Jennifer Garner treats son Samuel to a healthy snack... as estranged husband Ben Affleck moves out of the family home after filing for divorce It's raining men! Blac Chyna gets close to hot guys while showing off bra in lace outfit in Miami... as Rob Kardashian is nowhere to be seen 'I was a piece of sh**': Chris Rock confesses he was not a 'good husband' to wife of 20 years Malaak and it took time to recover from divorce American shine story! Selma Blair looks ready for summer in short dress and straw hat in Beverly Hills Summer doesn't officially start for another month 'Get your s**t together': First trailer for Defenders sees Luke Cage, Daredevil, Jessica Jones and Iron Fist unite to take on villain Sigourney Weaver Diamonds, trips to Paris, and chocolate in bed: Kirk and Anne Douglas recount Elizabeth Taylor's love story with Mike Todd in their new memoir Fancy a Brazilian? Iggy Azalea links up with award-winning busty brunette bombshell Anitta as collaborator on her next track Switch Busty Brazilian  Kim Kardashian is on the hunt for a new member of her glam squad...as she launches reality television competition Take that, haters! Kim Kardashian shares sexy photo of her backside during 'crazy' Mexico vacation after body shamers attacked her Racy response  No A-Rod, no smile! Jennifer Lopez does not look amused as she puts in long hours on Shades Of Blue after weeks of hot dates with new beau Those are some kinky boots! Chrissy Teigen wears racy thigh-high footwear as she dines al fresco with her mom in Beverly Hills Showed off her legs  Raising a glass to breaking the rules: How underage stars at the Met Gala were given access to alcohol, as Elle Fanning, 19, is pictured toasting WINE They're pretty Little Foxes! Laura Linney and Cynthia Nixon wear colorful frocks at Tony Awards nominees reception in NYC Floral-themed frocks United front! Hilary Duff has friendly outing with her ex Mike Comrie as she hugs him during lunch with their son Luca in Los Angeles Looked cute and casual 'James Bond is part of the fabric of our society': Orlando Bloom reveals he'd love the chance to take over from Daniel Craig as 'very English' 007  Jeepers peepers! Evan Rachel Wood wears dramatic eye make-up as she shows off toned midriff while coordinating with fiance Zach Villa 'You're forced to believe in it': Kendra Wilkinson says Marriage Boot Camp therapy helped her relationship with estranged mother Talking it out   Facing the music! Danny DeVito and Jeff Goldblum team up for Amazon sitcom about a rock duo forced to reunite A very odd couple 'Until next time': Pregnant Serena Williams highlights her growing baby bump in grey dress as she leaves NYC after stunning at Met Gala EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Sober Brad Pitt works through the night on passion art project as he attempts to rebuild his life after split with Angelina Jolie   'My drinking became a problem': Brad Pitt blames himself for Angelina Jolie split and reveals divorce has been like 'a death' in his first raw interview  Adele's wealth surges by $51m in just one year: Release of third album helps singer boost her worth to $161m  Wealth has rocketed due to new album and tour Looking fur a wave! Liam Hemsworth bares his chest and a tuft of hair as he walks to Malibu beach before suiting up for a surf in the California sun She's two faced! Rita Ora steps out in New York wearing a bizarre ensemble including a baggy jumper with the image of HERSELF plastered across it Springing into brunch! Reese Witherspoon flashes her legs in denim skirt and bright top after morning workout session Back on the West Coast  Ivanka Trump recalls the time Vogue editor Anna Wintour called to offer her a job - WITHOUT an interview - as she was preparing to graduate from college 'Songwriting is a form of therapy': Lea Michele talks finding hope in new music four years after death of love Cory Monteith Has rebuilt her life  EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Prince William's comparison of Kate's topless pictures and Diana's death seems uncomfortable now 'My cellulite does not define my worth!': Model Ashley Graham poses NUDE for V Magazine as she reveals she was 'disgusted' with her body as a teen Baby joy! Joseph Gordon-Levitt steps out with pregnant wife Tasha McCauley as they prepare to welcome second child Only a matter of time  'So proud!': Jersey Shore vet Snooki shares photo of her daughter Giovanna, two, heading to her first day of school with brother Lorenzo 'So proud of my nuggets' Vin Diesel wishes co-star Dwayne Johnson a happy 45th birthday following on-set 'feud' last year They both said the beef was 'out of proportion' 'That's close to being in the womb': Geoffrey Rush, 65, jokes over footage of his 27-year-old self as a clown A long time ago  'Back in LA!': Tara Reid celebrates returning home by flashing skin in a revealing bikini snap  She made a name for herself in The Big Lebowski  Braless Halle Berry,  twerking Gisele and gyrating Emily Ratajkowski lead stars on the dancefloor and show what REALLY goes on inside the Met Gala Becks' birthday feast: David shares picture of his gammon, mushy peas, chips and pineapple as marks his 42nd birthday with his 'dinner of choice'  Keira Knightley is the picture of sophistication in black slip dress and gold heels as she cosies up to husband James Righton at Chanel Cruise 2018 show in Paris She's 91 but Royal author BRIAN HOEY reveals the Queen sends texts, has a smart phone and iPad - and even her own private Facebook page All back on the Orient Express! Remake of the classic has a stellar cast including Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Kenneth Branagh and Dame Judi Dench  Silly Sarah! Miss Silverman flashes her black bra in semi-sheer baby doll dress with thigh highs as she hits Hulu Upfronts in NYC Eccentric ensemble On the attack! Rob Kardashian compares sister Kylie Jenner, 19, to an 88-year-old grandmother in latest dig at the reality princess Kendall Jenner was paid $250,000 for a single Instagram - but no-one ordered toilets until last month: Inside the hubris and bad planning of Fyre festival Ouch! Blac Chyna fails to realize implant scar is visible as she shows off underboob in tiny pink bikini top The 28-year-old showed off her post-baby body  Age-defying Salma Hayek looks fabulous at 50 as she showcases her curves in fitted lace dress to promote new movie How To Be A Latin Lover in Mexico City Jennifer Lopez and Katy Perry to be featured in James Corden's Carpool Karaoke primetime special Big show for host  Trailer for Becoming Cary Grant documentary unveils never-seen footage of the late star who used LSD to combat childhood trauma Living the Good Life! Kate reveals she and William keep a menagerie of animals including a lamb and FIVE chickens as she visits farm  'I think about having children all the time': Naomi Campbell discusses her desire to welcome a baby as she recalls past addiction issues Inside the flight from hell that ended their marriage: Angelina Jolie told Brad Pitt to 'sober up' and 'secretly sent kids to a hotel' after jet landed  'Every body is beautiful': Model Iskra Lawrence puts on a busty display as she shows off her famed curves in un-retouched underwear pictures 'Happy mama!' Selena Gomez's mom gives new boyfriend The Weeknd her approval saying the couple are the picture of 'equal love' Paris Jackson to make her film debut alongside Joel Edgerton in 'untitled' project directed by the Australian actor's brother Nash Babymoon in paradise! Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shows off her small bump in black bikini as they soak up the sun in Maui Where did they all Go(mez)? Selena is left the last one sitting with beau The Weeknd as they nearly clear the table mid-meal at Met Gala Back to work! Mila Kunis wears holiday apron on Bad Mom's Christmas set as she makes first film since welcoming son Dimitri five months ago Going for laughs! Joshua Jackson has a mystery woman in fits of laughter as they hug it out after lunch  The 38-year-old star hammed it up  Camel-flage! Jennifer Lawrence shoots scenes for her Russian spy film in a long tan coat, a tight black polo neck and a blonde wig in London Elevated essentials! Get to know the designer behind Ragdoll, a hot fashion line beloved by Alexa Chung, Alicia Vikander and Kate Bosworth  Coordinated couple! Joe Jonas and Sophie Turner match in double denim while arm-in-arm in New York The loved-up pair have rarely been seen apart  'Two cleansers and a lot of facials!' After revealing her struggle with cystic acne, Lucy Hale details the skincare regimen that finally zapped her zits Give us a wave! Youthful Tom Cruise looks windswept as he dazzles fans with a cheeky grin on set of Mission Impossible 6 in Paris 'Hi, 13 Reasons Why!' Amy Schumer talks teenage bullying and 'sweaty' Met Gala gown The actress had 'curly bangs' and lost her front teeth by age 11  Something to smile about! Mad Men vet Elisabeth Moss beams in colorful mini as news breaks her show The Handmaid's Tale has been renewed Lovely in lace! Zoe Saldana dazzles in sheer white top as she stops by NYC radio show ahead of Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 release Controversy on the catwalk: Met Gala honoree Comme des Garçons is criticized for not using a single black model in over TWENTY years When the wind gets in the way! Dakota Johnson's hair whips in her face as she models chic black suit while leaving NYC hotel 'They have a mutual love for each other': Ed Sheeran performs private concert for adoring 10-year-old superfan with a rare brain condition PICTURED: Kendall Jenner is seen getting cosy with new boyfriend A$AP Rocky as she rests on his lap inside the Met Gala before dancing with Bella Hadid Spring blues? Kaley Cuoco looks strained as she carries a mini dress into NYC hotel while holding hands with beau Karl Cook 'He did well there!': Niall Horan congratulates 1D bandmate Liam Payne for welcoming baby Bear with 'beautiful' girlfriend Cheryl 'Love is everything!' Olivia Culpo packs on the PDA with her NFL beau Danny Amendola during NYC stroll Could not keep her hands off the NFL star  Back in the dating game! Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is seen with Lady Nadia Essex outside Catch in LA 'We're together when it counts': Mariah Carey admits she is close to ex Nick Cannon for sake of kids... amid rumors of romantic reunion Mel B 'secures five-year restraining order against former nanny Lorraine Gilles... after accusing German beauty of harassing her' Such an honor: Singer Michael Buble set to receive award from Canada's National Arts Centre... following son Noah's cancer treatment Now THAT's a megawatt smile! Hailey Baldwin copies Katy Perry by adding TOOTH jewelry to her pearly whites in advance of this year's Met Gala  Ivanka Trump accessorizes her leg-baring outfit with heels and a handbag from her own line - after insisting she WON'T use her role to promote book 'Wow, this is a tough business!': Jessica Biel dishes about the challenge of running her kid-friendly restaurant Au Fudge a year after its debut Lena Dunham 'recuperating at home' after ER visit due to endometriosis Was rushed to the emergency room during the Met Gala  'We've been friends for years': Hailee Steinfeld keeps it casual cool as she DENIES dating Justin Bieber in radio interview Quashed the rumors   Hugh Jackman boldly proclaims love for his wife of 21 years in a gushing interview - just months after shutting down divorce rumors 'He is just truly amazing!' Kim Zolciak updates fans on son Kash's recovery after he was attacked by a dog and needed surgery Terrifying experience  'Happy one year, I love you!': Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle celebrates anniversary with beau Michael Kopech by posting gushing tributes 'He was absolutely excited and positive': Home movies show Heath Ledger was in a happy place in days before his death,  Pregnant Bristol Palin shares a snapshot of the Louis Vuitton 'push present' her husband Dakota Meyer surprised her with, days before she is due to give birth  Pink lady! Cara Delevingne undergoes ANOTHER transformation as she shows off long rosy locks on set of latest movie Alexa Chung cuts a casual figure in a belted trenchcoat as she enjoys a solo stroll after romantic 24 hours with boyfriend Alexander Skarsgard at Met Gala  From Baywatch to Calais watch: Pamela Anderson prepares food at French migrant camp after criticising Britain for not taking more asylum seekers 'The response has been incredible': Hulu announces The Handmaid's Tale with Elisabeth Moss has been renewed for second season Fyre Festival organizers Ja Rule and Billy McFarland hit with ANOTHER class action suit accusing them of fraud just one day after  $100 million claim  'Momo or Bean?' Hilary Duff adopts a new puppy and asks fans what to call the adorable fur baby  She now owns a cute chihuahua mix  Chris Rock told Michelle Obama she could join The View or Housewives of Atlanta after leaving the White House in awkward chat at farewell bash Back to her ripped jeans! Emma Roberts cuts a casual figure during solo shopping outing in NYC after looking like a bombshell at Met Gala Model family! Doutzen Kroes steps out with her stylish husband and children for casual stroll The former Victoria's Secret showed off her street style Buy this book! Tiffany, Eric, Lara and Don Jr promote Ivanka's new tome on Twitter and Instagram - but the author herself is doing no press  'My biggest remaining goal is to be a mother': Single actress Lily Collins, 28, shares her desire to have children The actress posed for Humans of New York  Hitting the town in brown! Zoe Saldana stuns in body-clinging chestnut midi for GMA appearance in New York The 38-year-old actress looked gorgeous 'I am not interested in female characters that are objects': Jessica Chastain reveals her desire to play roles that are 'the subject of a script' Anything Kim can do... Paris Hilton tries to retake the sexiest socialite crown by showing off her amazing figure in VERY racy lingerie shoot Comedian Jim Gaffigan's wife and writing partner Jeannie undergoes nine-hour brain tumor surgery Tumor was growing around her brain stem A family of rats sets a man's dar on fire after chewing through its wires... and pro-skateboarder Tony Hawk is on hand to witness the spectacle Two ill-fated romances, one chart-topping boy band and a VERY public mental breakdown: As the Mickey Mouse Club returns, what became of the show's child stars? Alec Baldwin dances with daughter Carmen on Ellen... before reuniting with Ireland for family Disneyland trip Actor epitomizes a doting father  'Are you guys friends now?' Former Yankees teammates Alex Rodriguez and Derek Jeter in toe-curling interview It was very awkward  Who says blondes have all the fun? Amber Rose looks unrecognizable as she swaps signature buzz cut for glossy brunette curls at NYLON party Sports Illustrated's Joy Corrigan sets pulses racing as she strips down to skimpy bottoms for sizzling topless shoot on Miami beach Swimsuit model Leggy Bella Thorne flashes a hint of toned tum in a silver mini and cropped tee as she leads the glamor at NYLON party Opted for a demure look 'If it falls... all hell will be unleashed': Idris Elba's mysterious Gunslinger is on a quest to save humanity in first official trailer for The Dark Tower It Met be love! Joe Jonas cheekily grabs girlfriend Sophie Turner's bottom as they step out after glamorous appearance at star-studded Gala Liv Tyler's adorable children Lula Rose and Sailor strike a pose they join Candice Swanepoel's son Anacã in fun new shoot for fashion giant Gap Kate Moss' daughter Lila Grace lands first fashion campaign at the tender age of 14... despite her supermodel mother's extreme lengths to shelter her  Don't cha wish you were partying with me? Nicole Scherzinger keeps her look casual chic in cropped vest and wide-legged trousers for girls' night out 'It's become a thing every year': Kendall Jenner says the annual star-studded bathroom selfie is her favorite Met Gala moment  Star-studded snap  Jessica Chastain showcases her incredible curves in plunging green figure-hugging wrap dress as she attends Miss Sloane photocall in Spain Fashion over function! After Emma Roberts, Olivia Culpo and Lea Michele step out with button details, FEMAIL rounds up 30 stylish options for YOU to shop  Caught in his web? Tobey Maguire looks in high spirits as he enjoys day out with mystery leggy blonde... six months after marriage split  She's earned her stripes! Christina Milian flashes her cleavage in busty blue ensemble as she leads the glamor at 2nd annual Art For Life event Perfect Illusion! Lady Gaga belts out a song for 'screaming fans' as she and Bradley Cooper shoot scenes for their upcoming movie remake A Star Is Born Princess Chloe Lattanzi? Daughter of Olivia Newton John channels The Little Mermaid's Ariel in yet another bizarre Instagram selfie 'Camilla was not going to be a substitute mother': Princess Diana's friend reveals fears over being sidelined by her rival after divorcing Charles Let them eat... burgers! Inside Rihanna's epic post-Met Gala bash where famous friends like Kendall Jenner chowed down on fast food Tennis ace Novak Djokovic's pregnant wife Jelena shows off her burgeoning baby bump in tight floral dress as she watches him train in Spanish sun Victoria Beckham doesn't let the drizzle cramp her style as she arrives in Paris... accompanied by her diligent umbrella-carrying bodyguard  Robbie Williams' builders told to pay nearly $6,450 for making too much noise at star's $21m mansion after Led Zeppelin guitar great Jimmy Page complained He's back! Brad Pitt does his first magazine shoot since Angelina Jolie split as he stars on THREE GQ covers The actor blamed himself for the split  EXCLUSIVE: No wonder Parks and Recreation's news broadcaster Perd Hapley looks familiar; he's played a reporter in 21 different shows and was a real-life TV host Out for dinner! Mariah Carey takes the plunge in dramatic black dress held together with silver chains... as she's joined by ex Nick Cannon for night out Lisa Rinna's model daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin displays her svelte frame in a white floral bralet and mini as she steps out with sister Amelia Gray Kendall Jenner goes braless under sheer lace slashed mini before changing into glamorous Gothic gown as she cuts a regal figure on the cover of VOGUE India Kate Hudson's estranged father's business associate 'threatened to publicly smear actress and her brother Oliver after failed film venture' Gwen Stefani performs live on The Voice one week after rupturing eardrum as show narrows field to 10 in the talent contest  Soldiering on  The Walking Dead star Josh McDermitt quits social media after revealing he has received death threats over 'untrustworthy' character Eugene Porter Looking ace! Pregnant Serena Williams dresses her bump in a thigh-split lace dress at Burberry event in New York Dazzled in dark blue  Suits you! Queen Letizia looks professional in charcoal grey as the former news anchor attends a journalism seminar in Spain  Margot Robbie puts on a very leggy display in tiny shorts as she enjoys a lunch date with her mum Sarie Kessler Hollywood star has home at heart Glad you didn't go? Eddie Redmayne looks fresh faced as he steps out with wife Hannah... after being 'refused entry to Rihanna's Met Gala afterparty' in NYC Three peas in a pod! Naomi Watts enjoys a leisurely stroll with her lookalike sons Alexander and Samuel in windy New York  Happy families Cheeky Ariel Winter wears TINY denim shorts as she enjoys a date with boyfriend Levi Meaden in LA Happily put her booty on show once again Miami heat! Justin Bieber's ex Alexandra Rodríguez shows off incredible beach body in tiny bikini She wore a brown bikini with chain detailing Family time! Miley Cyrus flashes her flat tummy as she dines with her mother and sister at Soho House in Malibu Girls' day out All by my selfie: Solo Kim Kardashian breaks her strict diet for pizza as she poses for snaps with sister Kylie Jenner after first Met Gala without husband Kanye From the Gala to the game! Smiling Claire Danes cuts a relaxed figure as she cheers on New York Rangers with husband Hugh Dancy More relaxed  Can't make up her mind! Lisa Rinna wears two outfits during Beverly Hills shopping trip with daughters Amelia and Delilah Two for one  Lady Victoria Hervey flashes a hint of cleavage as she covers up in patterned kaftan while enjoying leisurely walk in LA with her pet dog United they stand! Amy Schumer holds hands with movie mom Goldie Hawn as they premiere Snatched in New York Stepped out looking like a part-time superhero  Ellie Goulding catches the eye in thigh-skimming multi-coloured minidress as she celebrates the launch of new Burberry accessory Hans Zimmer says he only took Oscar-winning Lion King composing gig so he could take his six-year-old daughter to the premiere Meghan Markle opens up about her love of roast chicken dinners, handwritten missives and movie marathons with wine in a revealing interview Ben Affleck has 'moved out' of his home with estranged wife Jennifer Garner...but is 'living close by' to be near their three kids Filed for divorce  Born this way! Lady Gaga zips around the Los Angeles set of A Star Is Born on OjO electric scooter She was clearly too busy to walk  Casual chic! Salma Hayek is stylish in striped top and slacks as she arrives in Mexico City after wowing at Met Gala Back home  Feeling like a bit of a Muppet? Kendall Jenner looks bleary-eyed on a fashion shoot with Kermit the Frog the morning after late Met Gala afterparty 'It's the best Pirates film since the first one!' Geoffrey Rush gushes about Pirates of the Caribbean: Dead Men Tell No Tales on The Project 'There was radio silence for a long time': Matt Bomer reveals it took his parents a while to accept he was gay after writing them a letter 'You want to know about my vagina?' Kelly Osbourne goes on expletive rant while revealing details about her sex life and disastrous dating Chest is best! Scarlett Johansson shows cleavage in sheer-paneled lace dress at Planned Parenthood 100th Anniversary Gala in New York Hot pink mama! Blac Chyna flaunts fabulous post-baby body (and underboob!) in bikini top as she relaxes poolside with pals in Miami The tattooed reality star  She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian flashes some flesh in destroyed denim while running errands in Beverly Hills The 38-year-old star displayed plenty of skin Green goddess! Dakota Johnson wears an ornate print dress as she attends the Gucci Bloom frangrance launch in New York City Day after Met Gala Taking a break? Princess Beatrice hits pause on pursuing her career as a 'business matchmaker' in New York to party in LA with girlfriends All partied out? Felicity Jones sports huge sunglasses and comfortable dress as she jets out of NYC... after dazzling in lilac gown at Met Gala How sweet! Alessandra Ambrosio wears a short sundress while grabbing ice cream with her son Showed off her enviable figure  Unbreakable! Kerry Washington looks fresh-faced at charity event just hours after partying with Rihanna following Met Gala Out again in New York  Look away Kendall! Jenner's new boyfriend A$AP Rocky cuddles up to Lana Del Rey at Gucci bash The day after he went public with KUWTK star  Caitlyn Jenner goes hell for leather in chic jacket as she discusses new book The Secrets Of My Life during LA panel More about the memoir Dangerous curves ahead! Padma Lakshmi stuns in eye-warping dress at Planned Parenthood 100th Anniversary Gala in New York Sheer confidence! Halsey wows in see-through black dress exposing her underwear for Planned Parenthood gala in New York City Quite the appearance  Monochrome magic! Ruby Rose stuns in Burberry two-piece alongside Jessica Hart as they celebrate the brand's latest launch in New York Smoking hot! Met Gala bathroom puffer Behati Prinsloo turns heads in denim trench coat as she jets into LA She caused a stir after being pictured smoking  Platinum blonde Kate Hudson ditches the glamour as she jets into LA after Met Gala in New York City Jetting back into Los Angeles Fashion hangover? Courtney Love wears pajama-like silk outfit one day after attending the Met Gala Still feeling sleepy a day later 'He's not good with money': Scheana Marie admits she didn't want to give $50,000 settlement to ex-husband 'with a drug problem' Kylie Jenner's new beau Travis Scott 'sued by former managers claiming rapper owes them more than $2 million' Issues paying his bills  'I almost had a tear in my eye': Ryan Seacrest and Kelly Ripa say they were close to 'crying' when they walked out together ahead of their first show She's got some front! Iggy Azalea flaunts ample cleavage in cover art for next single Switch as she teams up with busty Brazilian Anitta Shameless sisters who are fashion's new darlings: Gigi and Bella and Kendall and Kylie were fawned over at Vogue's Met Ball in New York City  Back to reality! Make-up free Cara Delevingne hides newly shaved locks in beret after making a bold statement with her bald head at Met Gala Darren Criss pictured as spree killer Andrew Cunanan who gunned down Gianni Versace as FX's American Crime Story films in Miami The Ryan Murphy project  Where the REAL party's at! Snaps and videos from the Met Gala show the crazy scene in the BATHROOM where all the stars came together  Justin Bieber and singer Hailee Steinfeld spark romance rumors... but insiders insist they are 'just friends'  'I was replaced, and it felt terrible': Priyanka Chopra says she was once fired from film due to male actor as she talks sexism in new interview PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Emma Watson puts on a leggy display in  denim cut-offs as she enjoys a rare public outing with boyfriend William Mack Knight in New York City Mel B's ex Stephen Belafonte looks relaxed as he arrives to see daughter Madison, five, after court grants him supervised visitation rights  Glamorous Alexa Chung and boyfriend Alexander Skarsgard make a very rare public appearance as they leave Met Gala afterparty  LeAnn Rimes rocks a little black dress while promoting her new single Mother in New York LeAnn Rimes is hard at work on the promo trail  Ready for any weather! Malia Obama shows off her legs in miniskirt and suede jacket as she heads to work in New York springtime Dressing comfortably  Hiding those eyes! Cara Delevingne hides behind quirky shades and beanie hat after putting on a sizzling display in silver plunging suit at the Met Gala All alpha-bets are off! ABC in bid to buy American Idol... with NBC and Fox also keen to secure hit show Absence makes the heart grow fonder 'The doctor asked if I wanted to kill myself': Gabourey Sidibe says that she considered suicide before hitting the big time Turns 34 on Saturday 'I need my guy!' Bobby Cannavale and John Turturro poke fun at well-groomed men in Tribeca short film Hair Bobby's fabulous locks are no accident Strip-Teese! Dita Von performs at Christine Chiu's Art of Sex Soiree at the Chateau Marmont Treated guests to one of her famous burlesque dances Taking The Donald: Susan Sarandon mocks 'uninformed' Twitter rival Debra Messing by labelling her 'Trumpian' Have been feuding over politics for some time  There's no 'i' in 'vagina'! Magazine awkwardly prints Amy Schumer interview with typo that proudly has her declare 'I'm sorry I have a VAGNA' Jimmy Kimmel shares sweet photo of his daughter, 2, checking on her brother Billy after tearfully revealing the newborn was forced to undergo heart surgery 'She can hear now!' Blake Shelton gives update on Gwen Stefani's ruptured eardrum and her return to The Voice She's getting there  Hillary Clinton slams 'groups of men' for trying to decide the future of women's health as she is supported by Meryl Streep Prince Harry to visit Sydney in June to celebrate city's hosting of 2018 Invictus Games... so will Meghan come? Australia is excited  'She has the biggest heart': Serena Williams' fiance Alexis Ohanian gushes over the pregnant star and says she will give '100% of herself as a mother' Kesha looks fresh faced as she wears torn T-shirt for a day of errands in Hollywood The 30-year-old Tik Tok singer was out catching up on her business  Wintour thaws! Vogue Editor-in-Chief Anna breaks from her famously-stoic demeanor to bust serious moves to Katy Perry's Teenage Dream      DON'T MISS Jordana Brewster shows off her fit figure in stylish gym gear Jordana Brewster looked calm and casual as she stepped out in sunny California Her own best advert! Zendaya wears outfit from her clothing line while jetting back to Los Angeles from Met Gala  Wearing clothes from her own line Daya A star is born! Paris Jackson 'lands first movie role in dark comedy for Amazon Studios' Charlize Theron will be in the movie too  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ivanka Trump's husband Jared Kushner sweetly hands out doughnuts to their Secret Service agents with daughter Arabella Back to the grind! Jennifer Lopez looks exhausted on Brooklyn set of TV's Shades Of Blue... after partying up a storm with A-Rod at Met Gala Sparking controversy! Bella Hadid, Dakota Johnson and Frances Bean Cobain among stars to flout New York smoking ban by lighting up at the Met gala  Not a fan of hearing her Roar? Jennifer Lopez and Madonna pull interesting faces as they watch Katy Perry perform at Met Gala Perplexed  Naomi Campbell continues to show off her sleek new bob as she arrives at LAX airport in a casual cape following glamourous night at Met Gala He's the daddy! Pregnant Teen Mom star Kailyn Lowry, 25, reveals the father of her third child is longtime friend Chris Lopez Has been a mystery  Horsing around! Vanessa Hudgens takes a riding lesson as she enjoys time off after the cancellation of superhero sitcom Powerless Pain of topless Kate photos was worse because of Diana, says Prince William as he demands $1.68m compensation from French magazine Double the love! Selena Gomez and beau The Weeknd share romantic images from the Met Gala at the same time in a show of unity They are inseparable  Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick coos over sweet son Devereaux as she's pictured with Rolling Stones frontman's eighth child for first time Not amused! Jennifer Lopez puts on sexy display with sizzling dance moves inside Met Gala... so why does beau A-Rod look so bored? HaDid you forget something? Braless Bella flashes her breasts in a sheer slip as she joins Kendall Jenner to lead stars to Met Gala after-parties Amy Schumer's dad breaks down in tears while meeting the 'love of his life' Goldie Hawn during Snatched promotional tour He suffers from MS No wonder she's smiling! Dame Helen Mirren, 71, shares a very passionate kiss with husband of 20 years Taylor Hackford during rare outing in LA 'He never hid his dalliances': Hollywood icon Kirk Douglas, who dated Joan Crawford and Rita Hayworth, writes book with HIS WIFE about 'affairs' Going strong! Sam Heughan pictured with girlfriend MacKenzie Mauzy... after rumors he was getting close to Outlander co-star Caitriona Balfe  Latin crooner Luis Miguel who used to date Mariah Carey is ARRESTED in LA after failing to show up in court over $1m lawsuit with ex manager  Queen's godson's lead role in royal TV shocker: Controversial drama King Charles III was filmed at Earl's stately home  Features Diana's ghost 'It's pretty important to me!' Tom Brady confirms he skipped White House visit to spend time with his cancer stricken mom... and NOT in protest  Happy mama! Jennifer Garner makes being a single mother look easy as she takes her kids out in LA... weeks after filing for divorce from Ben Affleck Kaley Cuoco flies out of LAX with her boyfriend Karl Cook... after wrapping 10th season of Big Bang Theory Headed inside the bustling terminal Titillating trio! Kim Kardashian joins Kendall and Kylie Jenner as they pose seductively in stunning moving portraits for Met Gala Gave some sultry looks  'A lot of Love for Daddy today': David Beckham shares heartwarming snap of his family celebrations as he marks his 42nd birthday with his children Meryl Streep attends Hillary Clinton's power lunch, as rumors continue to swirl that she will play the presidential candidate in upcoming movie Hotting up! Jamie Dornan is set to get pulses racing as he shows off buff physique in Fifty Shades Freed sneak peek with co-star Dakota Johnson  A mob scene! Zoe Saldana is swarmed by fans at LAX after sharing behind-the-scenes images from Guardians Of The Galaxy 2 PIERS MORGAN: The Met Gala is supposed to be the pinnacle of iconic style but this diabolical fashion fiasco was all WTF? and no WOW! It was absurd!  Pregnant Bristol Palin films a fun walk with mom Sarah and son Tripp, before posting a heartwarming picture of her one-year-old daughter Sailor Behind the look: Emily Ratajkowski shares sexy pre-Met Gala Polaroids as she models clinging sequined dress Showed off her cleavage as she got ready  Meet the new Bad Moms squad! Susan Sarandon, Cheryl Hines and Christine Baranski join sequel to hit film The A-listers will play the grandmothers  'I'd like to be a mom!' Amy Schumer talks possibly starting a family with beau of over one year, Ben Hanisch She's ready for a child in her life  Still acting? Tom Cruise, 53, shares a passionate kiss with Vanessa Kirby, 26, as they film Mission Impossible 6 in Paris amid dating rumors Bachelor star Chris Soules 'stopped to buy alcohol minutes before he smashed his truck into a 66-year-old war veteran's trailer, killing him'   'If you don't like the royals just do one and stay quiet!' Huge response after vile internet trolls posted vile comments about Princess Charlotte WWE legend X-Pac who had dated tragic wrestling star Chyna before she died of a drug overdose is busted at LAX with meth and marijuana Tori Spelling flaunts post-baby body while exercising two months after welcoming her fifth child The reality star, 44, flaunted her figure  The morning after! Sofia Richie looks comfortable in fur-lined robe coat... just hours after taking the plunge at Met Gala Beyonce's microphone that she used during her Formation Tour and at the Grammys sells at auction for $11,000 to a fan What does 'being in remission' mean? As 90210 star Shannen Doherty celebrates beating invasive breast cancer, we explain the next steps  Flash some flesh! From the small of the back to the sternum, stars like Bella Hadid and Kendall Jenner set new skin-baring trends at last night's Met Gala All burgundy everything! After Taylor Hill wows with a smoky red eye matching her Met gown, her make-up artist reveals how YOU can copy the look  EXCLUSIVE: Police dashcam video shows bizarre moment Laurence Fishburne's handcuffed daughter relieves herself in front of cops  Enjoying a cuppa! Seacrest rolls up his T-shirt to experience ancient medical therapy on his second day on Live With Kelly And Ryan Committed co-host  EXCLUSIVE: Rosie O'Donnell's daughter Chelsea says the former View host tried to pull her clothes off to find her tattoo and said she could 'kill her'   'Hope he has an ounce of your courage!': Liam Payne CONFIRMS he and Cheryl have named their son Bear... as Bear Grylls praises his 'great choice'  'You poured a lifetime of love into me!' John Stamos pens emotional and touching letter to his late mom  Loretta passed away in September 2014  The night of the young guns! Kendall, Kylie, Bella and Gigi battle it out to rule the red carpet as they join a host of stars at the Met Gala  Hello, new Hollywood Tearful Jimmy Kimmel breaks down as he tells his audience how his baby son had lifesaving open heart surgery HOURS after he was born 10 days ago Explained - Baby Kimmel's heart condition: How thousands of babies are born with holes in their hearts that sometimes require surgery Deleted scene from The Walking Dead reveals fate of nursing home from first season Includes a minute-long clip from the show's fourth episode  He's got Style(s): Harry cuts a suave figure as he sends pulses racing in unbuttoned shirt and shades following radio interview in London Chrissy Teigen fires back at online hater that said her eye-popping Met Gala dress looked like a kid's 'crappy arts and craft project' Didn't impress everyone Hitting the hay already? Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky coyly slip away from glamorous 1OAK after-party...as they confirm their romance at MET Gala  Missing something? Scott Disick looks downcast while on daddy duty with his kids after ex Kourtney Kardashian's wild girls' trip to Mexico 'She has made me a more empathetic person': Ryan Reynolds gushes about wife Blake Lively as they pose for Humans of New York picture at the Met Gala William and Harry will share memories of their mother for a TV documentary that promises to paint the 'definitive portrait' of Diana The girls stayed in California! Cindy Crawford steps out with daughter Kaia in Santa Monica as her son Presley partied with Sofia Richie at Met Gala Nicole Scherzinger shows off her incredible gym-honed physique as she proves her yoga prowess while on photoshoot in South Africa Natasha's copy-Kate dress style: Personal assistant wears gown at her wedding that bears striking resemblance to the one the Duchess wore at her own do   Anna Wintour's daughter Bee Shaffer shows off large diamond engagement ring while making red carpet debut with fiancé at Francesco Carrozzini at Met Gala Fashion's night out! FEMAIL breaks down the Met Gala's biggest trends and reveals how YOU can translate them into your everyday wardrobes Looks like they got the memo! From HOT PINK eyeshadow to short, severe bobs, FEMAIL counts down the top five beauty trends from the 2017 Met Gala Worth a closer look! FEMAIL zooms in on the beauty details you DIDN'T see at the Met Gala, from Katy Perry's eye jewels to Brie Larson's GOLD hair Fab fast fashion! Seven A-list eschew high-end designers in favor of budget brand H&M for their Met Gala gowns, including Ashley Graham and rapper Nicki Minaj Racy in lace! Sofia Richie shows off her bra and panties as she hits Met Gala post party... as it's revealed ex Justin Bieber has a new love 'I met David while leaving the Met Ball!' Lauren Bush Lauren and her husband celebrate the 13-year anniversary of their first meeting at the annual gala Bra-free in NYC! Disney star Zendaya suffers a mini nip-slip as she wears daring floral suit to Met Gala after party She stunned in a D&G ball gown at the event  'It's a surprise!': Pregnant Serena Williams reveals she and fiancé Alexis Ohanian do not yet know the sex of their baby as they hit Met Gala Left Red(mayne) faced: Oscar winner Eddie appears furious as he is 'turned away from Rihanna's Met Gala after-party' alongside wife Hannah Back on? Adriana Lima sets tongues wagging as she leaves MET Gala after-party with NFL player ex Julian Edelman while sporting his bow-tie as a garter  'Have a great time!' Emma Stone sends teen corsage and boutonniere after La La Land-inspired prom request Made it a dream date It gets crazier! Madonna changes into camo slacks and COMBAT BOOTS for Met Gala post party... after shocking fans with zany military dress Mariah Carey showcases cleavage in Tom Ford mini-dress in Beverly Hills... after celebrating twins' 6th birthday Park it like Beckham! Sheepish Brooklyn receives a parking ticket on his $48,617 Mercedes in London... on his father David's 42nd birthday Sylvester Stallone's daughter Sistine, 18, hangs with Sofia Richie and Behati Prinsloo at first Met Gala She took the plunge in a backless Topshop gown Paris Jackson suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her big knickers upon arrival at Met Gala after-party... after hairy moment on the red carpet Rupert's little ladies: Wendi Murdoch takes daughters Chloe and Grace to the Met Ball The media mogul's daughters posed up with their mother  The Eagles sue hotel in Mexico for using the name 'Hotel California,' arguing that owners capitalized on their famous song by playing it for guests  Grin and Bear it! Tired but happy Liam Payne is mobbed by fans as he promotes new music a month after welcoming first child with Cheryl 'Reach for the other realms': Chloe Lattanzi puts on a VERY busty display as she poses for a series of otherworldly selfies Slim Instagram star and model Alexis Ren admits she 'overworked herself to the point of malnourishment', before revealing how she finally got healthy  Megan Fox goes super low-key in leggings as she enjoys playful day at the mall with husband Brian Austin Green and their three sons Kylie Jenner takes epic star-studded selfie with Kendall, Kim, Lily Aldridge, and Puff Daddy...as she breaks the 'no-selfie' policy at Met Gala 'Oh good lord, I can't breathe': Emma Watson fan reveals huge delight after actress surprises her with FaceTime call to give her exam advice Johnny Depp is 'fed lines through earpiece so he doesn't have to learn them', according former managers who also claim star has a 'spending disorder'  Nicki Minaj can't hide her delight as she greets Kim Kardashian with a kiss and hug at the Met Gala... before sharing selfies with celeb guests  Partying while pregnant! Tennis star Serena Williams dances inside NYC's most prominent museum as she hits the Met Gala with fiancé Alexis  Inside the Met Gala: Katy Perry shuns controversial red carpet arrival as she gives bondage-inspired performance alongside crooner John Legend Charlize Theron is glowing as she dresses in crisp shirt with comfy culottes for low-key day out alongside son Jackson and daughter August Chrissy Teigen flashes her bra in daring lace LBD as she joins suited and booted husband John Legend at Met Gala after-party Partied at The Standard Megyn Kelly to fly to Russia next month for a 'conversation' with Vladimir Putin The new NBC recruit is set for a big first scoop with Russian president What Baywatch babe? Olivia Munn beams in Vancouver as she arrives for filming... amid claims recent ex Aaron Rodgers is romancing Kelly Rohrbach She's a long way from Downton! Jessica Brown Findlay swaps the stately home for the beach as she wraps up in 1940s costume for filming of new movie  'Do I really want this?' Javier Bardem admits he thought twice about dating wife Penelope Cruz because she is so feisty and fiery He loved her passion  Guitarist Bruce Hampton dies at age 70 after collapsing on stage in Atlanta in front of actor Billy Bob Thornton He was the 'grandfather of the jamband scene'  'My heart hurts': Nick Cannon reveals that mother-of-three who was killed in San Diego pool party shooting was his childhood friend Paid tribute to the victim  Blac Chyna flaunts her ample derriere and trim post-baby figure in tight sporty dress as she enjoys a night out in Miami Looking like a Dream 'Please don't star flame wars over it!' JK Rowling sparks emotional reactions from Harry Potter fans as she finally apologises for killing off Snape Look away, Lauren! Simon Cowell is all smiles as he reunites with former flame Terri Seymour while discussing upcoming AGT season It's not a Photograph, but... Ed Sheeran is immortalised in a 4ft-square oil painting unveiled at the National Portrait Gallery in London   Natasha, Pierre And The Great Comet of 1812 lead Tony Award nominations... as Cate Blanchett, Bette Midler, and Sally Field also earn nods Dutch King Willem-Alexander opens up about his 'radiant' daughters and 'very special' wife Maxima in an interview to celebrate his 50th birthday  Model Joan Small flaunts her slender frame in a slinky metallic mini-dress as she attends Met Ball after-party with smitten boyfriend Bernard Smith Little Mix star Perrie Edwards risks a wardrobe malfunction in a VERY racy top as she shows off her dance moves on wild girls' night out  A camo catastrophe and too much tulle! Katy Perry's veiled disaster and Madonna's military-inspired dress lead a lengthy list of Met Gala red carpet horrors Ariel Winter flaunts her midriff in a tight cropped vest and low-slung red sweats as she heads out and about She regularly flaunts her stunning figure A Bear necessity? Tired new dad Liam Payne downs energy drinks to film music video... as fans mock the unusal moniker for his son with Cheryl Caroline Kennedy models a VERY unflattering dress at the Met Gala - just hours after being hailed by Vogue as one of the 'best dressed of all time' 'Why is he lounging on the steps like Aladdin on his carpet?': Fans create hilarious memes as 'tired' P. Diddy LIES DOWN at the Met Gala Relaxed entrance  It's official! Kendall Jenner and A$AP Rocky CONFIRM relationship at Met Gala as her sisters post PDA snaps...breaking event's selfie ban Jennifer Lopez dazzles in bejewelled mini dress and navajo-inspired fluffy coat as she joins new man Alex Rodriguez at Met Gala afterparty  Laying (Dip)lo? Leggy Rita Ora holds hands with producer while zipping out of same Met Gala after-party as his 'exes' Katy Perry and Kate Hudson Katy Perry turns heads in a leotard and sequinned cape at Met Gala afterparty ... after being blasted for wearing a John Galliano gown  THAT wasn't acceptable in the 80s! Hailey Baldwin suffers major fashion fail as she flashes nipple pasties under retro mini at Met Gala after-party  Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley pats her bump as she takes a year off from the Met Gala to enjoy a relaxing beach day with fiance Jason Statham Today's headlines Most Read Killed by her stalker: Obsessed male admirer yelled 'you know who I am' at 20-year-old and then shot her... Queen calls her entire household to 'highly unusual' emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace today but... Alanis Morissette's ex-manager gets SIX YEARS in prison for stealing $7million from the 'Ironic' singer and... 'You can either leave or you can stay here and die': San Diego pool gunman let white woman escape as he... 'It takes a lot of work to lose to Donald Trump': David Axelrod turns on Hillary Clinton's claim it was the... Why Botox kills your sex life - by a beauty therapist whose clients have been sharing their marital woes... 'I would not wish this on my worst enemies!' YouTubers try to survive on the Victoria's Secret Angels'... Obama's team 'asked for NSA secrets on more than 30,000 Americans in 2016 and circulated 6,000 intelligence... House to vote on repealing sections of Obamacare tomorrow... six weeks after humiliating climbdown due to... Hero Georgia deputies save teen as she tries to kill herself on Facebook Live after viewers call 911 Beware of invites to Google docs: Experts warn phishing attack 'spreading like crazy' Colbert REFUSES to apologize for his 'homophobic' Trump gag and defiantly says 'I have the jokes he has the... Enjoy rainbow coloured produce, consume A LOT of fish oil and focus on good fats: The best foods to eat to... Three illegal immigrant MS-13 gang members arrested for attempted murder in Long Island machete attack Gang of five teenage girls kill a father-of-seven and steal his iPhone 6 after agreeing to meet to buy the... America's forgotten heroes: 100 years ago, the U.S. finally agreed to send soldiers to join the Allies in... Was the 'Devil in White City' really executed? Nineteenth century Chicago serial killer who murdered his... Did you survive the Whatsapp outage? Users go stir crazy as messaging service goes down worldwide for two... Apple announces $1 BILLION fund to create manufacturing jobs in the US and boasts it's created work for more... White cops who shot dead black man while pinning him to the ground will NOT be charged by the Justice... Patch, the one-eyed horse who is set to take the Kentucky Derby by storm: Fan favorite is tipped at 30-1 to... SEVEN bounty hunters charged with murder after they opened fire on the WRONG car in a Walmart parking lot -... Escaped murder suspect who broke out of a psychiatric hospital six days ago is found hiding in a drain pipe... Reality star accused of sextorting 'queen of Snapchat' YesJulz over nude photos is ordered by a judge to... 'I'm tired of giving myself to guys who don't deserve me': Celibate people reveal the REAL reasons they... EXCLUSIVE: He created Batman, Robin and Bruce Wayne - but was treated like the Joker. Documentary reveals... Tantric sex and the city? Sting lists his Manhattan penthouse for $56 Million - where he and Trudie Styler... Pictured: Mother-of-three, 36, among at least three killed and nine injured when an elderly auction employee... Inuit teenager is beaten to death 'by a gang of teenage girls who videoed the attack and put it on FACEBOOK' MORE HEADLINES Queen calls her entire household to 'highly unusual' emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace today but mystery surrounds the reason why Obama's sex secrets laid bare: How he considered a gay fling, had passionate sex and COCAINE with one white girl, proposed twice to another - and CHEATED on Michelle before they married  'I consider myself trans-species’: Fantasy fan transforms himself into an ELF with £25,000 of plastic surgery including full body hair removal, skin bleaching and eye colouring  REVEALED: Barack Obama two-timed Michelle Obama with a white girlfriend he had 'desperately proposed to TWICE' His first taste of freedom: Heart-warming moment an abused orangutan kept in a tiny wooden crate for two years is released  Hillary's top aide Huma Abedin's CLASSIFIED emails were forwarded to Anthony Weiner FBI boss testifies as he says revealing probe made him 'nauseous' but alternative was 'catastrophic' Real-life Lassie: Moment abandoned dog leads rescuers two miles into the country to collect her ten puppies after escaping an animal shelter Delta agent 'smacks 12-year-old boy's phone out of his hands' as he filmed her in the airport giving excuses for 17-hour flight delay 'I bet you wish you were dead': People with extreme facial differences share their brutally honest experiences of the staggering reactions they receive from strangers Pictured: Mother-of-three, 36, among at least three killed and nine injured when an elderly auction employee 'accelerated his Jeep Cherokee through a crowd of people at a Massachusetts auto sale' PIERS MORGAN: Hillary didn’t lose because of Putin or Comey or misogynistic men, she lost because she ran an arrogant, insulting, elitist campaign. And if Democrats don’t wise up to that soon, they’ll lose the next one too Bill Clinton's infamous tarmac meeting with Loretta Lynch was 'the capper' says FBI boss Comey – who testified the confab made him decide to announce the decision not to prosecute Hillary HIMSELF Lost 16-year-old girl 'was gang-raped by kebab shop owner and three others in flat over the takeaway after she asked them for directions'  'It takes a lot of work to lose to Donald Trump': David Axelrod turns on Hillary Clinton's claim it was the FBI, the Russians and misogyny that cost her the election President Obama considered pursuing a homosexual relationship when he was in college after meeting an openly GAY professor with whom he shared a friendship 'beyond the classroom' Colbert REFUSES to apologize for his 'homophobic' Trump gag and defiantly says 'I have the jokes he has the launch codes, it's a fair fight'  Never put up with an annoying neighbour again! The flat-pack homes you can take apart and move in just four hours  Southern California homeowner's photos show the moment he held five burglars at gunpoint with first-person-POV picture of him looking down the barrel of his firearm Was the 'Devil in White City' really executed? Nineteenth century Chicago serial killer who murdered his victims in 'hotel of horrors' filled with trap doors and sound proof rooms is exhumed to dispel conspiracy theories Killed by her stalker: Obsessed male admirer yelled 'you know who I am' at 20-year-old and then shot her dead at Texas college before killing himself as terrified witnesses fled for their lives Incredible bodycam footage shows hero Kansas cop saving a drowning autistic boy, four, after he slipped in to a park pond The man with the worst job in the world: Bangladesh sewer cleaner has to dive into liquid filth to claw out blockages  UCLA student body president is under fire for making an offensive Bloods gang sign in leaked photo Kendall Jenner was paid $250,000 for a single Instagram - but no-one ordered toilets until last month: Inside the hubris and bad planning of the Fyre Festival - which spent millions on planes, models and yachts and almost nothing on actual preparations Fyre Festival organizers Ja Rule and Billy McFarland hit with ANOTHER class action accusing them of fraud just one day after a $100 million suit for 'pain and suffering' caused by disastrous event One's on Facebook! She's 91 but Royal author BRIAN HOEY reveals the Queen sends texts, has a smart phone and iPad - and even her own private social media account 'I would guess he has PTSD': Ex-Marine who brawled with 'rambling' passenger on All Nippon Airways flight to LA says that the man might have been 'off his meds' Fowl play! Meth addict, 27, 'with a mind of a seven-year-old' is charged with sexually assaulting a CHICKEN MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Walmart and True Value to phase out bee-killing pesticides Listen | Print By Tim Sandle     11 hours ago in Environment Environmental groups have reacted positively to the news that Walmart and True Value have decided to eliminate neonicotinoid pesticides, linked to global bee declines, from company garden retail supply chains. The news follows a report on Digital Journal in January 2017 that retail corporation Costco has requested that its suppliers end the use of bee-killing pesticides on garden plants sold in its stores. This, as with the latest news from Walmart and True Value, is part of a Friends of the Earth initiative. The new announcement is that True Value and Walmart will shortly to stop selling plants treated with neonicotinoids. In addition the companies will remove products containing them from store shelves. Neonicotinoids are a controversial pesticide, used to kill aphids with the aim of protecting crops. The problem is they also – probably – harm bees. The problem with their use is that evidence has been growing, since the mid-2000s, about neonics posing a risk to bees. With the new announcements in the realm of U.S. retail, True Value has declared it will phase out products that contain neonicotinoid pesticides by the spring of 2018 and that the company is working with its growing partners to remove neonicotinoids from its plants. Walmart has already made progress, confirming that its growers have eliminated neonics from approximately 80 percent of its garden plants. Commenting on the news, Finck-Haynes, Food Futures Campaigner at Friends of the Earth U.S. stated: "This is a great day for bees and sends an important message that the market is listening to consumers and sound science in refusing to sell bee-killing pesticides." The environmental group added, however, that it is continuing to lobby major retailer Ace Hardware to follow suit. More about Walmart, True Value, Pesticides, Bees, Ace Hardware More news from Walmart True Value Pesticides Bees Ace Hardware Latest News Top News Ancajas to defend title in undercard of the Pacquiao-Horn fight Banki: a Nigerian border town choked by Boko Haram homeless Walmart and True Value to phase out bee-killing pesticides Op-Ed: Agreement if any between Libyan factions still not clear Boko Haram leader Shekau 'injured in air strike' China to invest $15 billion in Pakistan coal-fired power plants Fighting the opioid scourge in American coal country Warnings issued over deadly tick disease spreading across U.S. Late training schedule shows Pacquiao not worried about Horn bout Fashion's feather master tickles up a storm Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Kroger: Best Idea in Food Retail Costco and Wal-Mart have proved to be safe havens in a highly competitive and evolving environment. May 3, 2017 4:05 p.m. ET Wells Fargo Securities Our latest grocery consumer survey provides another challenging read into the first quarter following several choppy data points, but with headwinds around delayed tax refunds and the Easter shift now well understood, we see improving risk/reward for the group on encouraging CPI/PPI trends and a competitive environment that we view as less bad than feared. In our view, investors remain highly concerned... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple: Buy the Dip Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Fate of U.S. Steel and Other Industrial Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Time to Buy European Bank Stocks 2 Why a T-Mobile Merger Could Happen Soon 3 Under Armour Can't Rely On Sneakers Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
null
FinnCap Indicates Potential 84.62% Increase In Shares Of Clearstar Inc. Ord Usd0.0001 Di Barratt Developments PLC reiterated as Buy By Deutsche Bank Berkeley Group Holdings (The) PLC reiterated as Buy By Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank Indicates Potential 4.58% Increase In Shares Of Bellway PLC Shares Of Bovis Homes Group PLC (LON:BVS) Rated As Hold By Analysts At Deutsche Bank Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Wed, May 3rd, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt Wal-Mart Stores Inc maintained as Sell By RBC Capital Markets In an analyst rating update on Wednesday shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) had their rating maintained by analysts at RBC Capital Markets. The broker said it has now set a ‘Sell’ rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc with a price target of 67. The price target according to the broker shows a possible decrease of -11.42% from the current stock price of 75.64. Over the last twelve months Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s share price has increased from 65.11 to 75.64, changing by 16.16%. The companies 50 day moving average is 72.47 and its 200 day moving average is 70.22. The 52 week high Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s shares have peaked at is 75.88 whilst the 52 week low for the company’s shares is 62.72. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has 3,033,009,000 shares which are currently outstanding with a price of 75.64 calculating Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s market capitalisation to 229.40B USD . Parse error: syntax error, unexpected ‘=’, expecting ‘)’ in /home/newsden/public_html/wp-content/plugins/insert-php/insert_php.php(48) : eval()’d code on line 1 Receive Wal-Mart Stores Inc News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News FinnCap Indicates Potential 84.62% Increase In Shares Of Clearstar Inc. Ord Usd0.0001 Di Barratt Developments PLC reiterated as Buy By Deutsche Bank Berkeley Group Holdings (The) PLC reiterated as Buy By Deutsche Bank Deutsche Bank Indicates Potential 4.58% Increase In Shares Of Bellway PLC Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Rockets stumble in fourth quarter Astros use two huge innings to take down Rangers Police: 2 dead after shooting at Texas college 10 arrested in Texas prostitution sting Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Family of firefighter killed in bike crash awarded $39 million in Complaints allege Justice of the Peace abused drugs, lied and Suspected member of Aryan Brotherhood arrested for hate crime Refusing to settle? New offer on the table in costly Harris Co. US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Report: $100 million lawsuit alleges Robert Durst's second wife The truth behind Ivanka Trump's controversial billboard in the Say goodbye to a favorite drink at McDonald's Florida high school student posts Craigslist ad selling "slave" Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Spurs even series as Rockets stumble in fourth quarter Spurs await word on Tony Parker's status after knee injury Astros use two huge innings to take down Rangers Aggies' Reggie Chevis transferring to University of Houston Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Deal of the Week: New digs offer Re/Max Inner Loop a higher Retail Wrap: Expansions for Bacco Wine Lounge, Sam's Boat Healthcare Trust of America to acquire 3 medical office buildings American Airlines cuts coach legroom in new 737s arriving this A&E Restaurants & Bars Music TV Movies Preview Arts & Theater Horoscopes Books Things To Do Puzzles & Games Halsey sets Houston date Art League Houston names Trenton Doyle Hancock Texas artist of Report: Houston rapper Travis Scott sued by ex-managers Chronicle critics offer entertainment suggestions Life Society Travel Style Food & Cooking Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Luxe Life Houston Gives Weddings Sponsored Content Food trucks, free booze, and a $50,000 tab: here's how energy Win Whataburger for a year in the #BurgerVerseContest Here's how Houston does Cinco de Mayo Local TV legend Dave Ward signs off for last time Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate Home Price Survey Senior Living My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.wesh.com/article/body-camera-video-shows-arrest-of-underwear-clad-carjacking-suspect-in-orange-city/9593638 Body camera video shows arrest of underwear-clad carjacking suspect in Orange City Amanda Ober, WESH-TV Updated 2:02 pm, Wednesday, May 3, 2017 ORANGE CITY, Fla. — Body camera footage released by Orange City police shows a carjacking suspect struggling with officers and firefighters in front of Walmart while she is wearing only a bra and underwear. Police said Sharnett Barton, 30, carjacked a woman in Sanford around 5 p.m. Monday. She then drove that stolen vehicle to the Walmart in Orange City, where she crashed it into a concrete pole in front of the store. The body camera footage shows an officer approach Burton, who is standing in front of the Walmart with a white sheet wrapped around her midsection. Burton can be heard telling the officer, "I'm pregnant, I'm pregnant." Photo: File/WESH-TV Via Orange City Police Department Image 1of/4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 A screenshot of body camera footage that shows the arrest of Sharnett Barton in Orange City, Fla. on May 2, 2017. Police say Barton stole a vehicle and crashed it into a pole in front of an area Walmart store, wearing only her bra and underwear. less A screenshot of body camera footage that shows the arrest of Sharnett Barton in Orange City, Fla. on May 2, 2017. Police say Barton stole a vehicle and crashed it into a pole in front of an area Walmart store, ... more Photo: File/WESH-TV Via Orange City Police Department Image 2 of 4 A screenshot of body camera footage that shows the arrest of Sharnett Barton in Orange City, Fla. on May 2, 2017. Police say Barton stole a vehicle and crashed it into a pole in front of an area Walmart store, wearing only her bra and underwear. less A screenshot of body camera footage that shows the arrest of Sharnett Barton in Orange City, Fla. on May 2, 2017. Police say Barton stole a vehicle and crashed it into a pole in front of an area Walmart store, ... more Photo: File/WESH-TV Via Orange City Police Department Image 3 of 4 A screenshot of body camera footage that shows the arrest of Sharnett Barton in Orange City, Fla. on May 2, 2017. Police say Barton stole a vehicle and crashed it into a pole in front of an area Walmart store, wearing only her bra and underwear. less A screenshot of body camera footage that shows the arrest of Sharnett Barton in Orange City, Fla. on May 2, 2017. Police say Barton stole a vehicle and crashed it into a pole in front of an area Walmart store, ... more Photo: File/WESH-TV Via Orange City Police Department Image 4 of 4 A screenshot of body camera footage that shows the arrest of Sharnett Barton in Orange City, Fla. on May 2, 2017. Police say Barton stole a vehicle and crashed it into a pole in front of an area Walmart store, wearing only her bra and underwear. less A screenshot of body camera footage that shows the arrest of Sharnett Barton in Orange City, Fla. on May 2, 2017. Police say Barton stole a vehicle and crashed it into a pole in front of an area Walmart store, ... more Photo: File/WESH-TV Via Orange City Police Department Body camera video shows arrest of underwear-clad carjacking suspect in Orange City 1 / 4 Back to Gallery The video then shows the officer handcuffing Burton and struggling to get her to walk to his patrol car. He required the help of several officers and even some firefighters. During the struggle the officers are heard yelling at Burton to stop resisting. According to witnesses, the whole incident started in Sanford when Burton ran into the home of a friend on W. 13th Street screaming that someone was trying to kill her. She then took off her dress and jumped through the front window of the home. Burton's friend, who does not want to be identified, tells WESH 2 News he tried to detain Burton while he called 911 because he believes Burton has a history of mental health issues and he was hoping police would Baker Act her. The friend said that after Burton left his home, she tried to steal a car that was parked out on the street but the occupants fought her off. He said Burton then jumped into a second car, forced a male passenger and female driver out of that vehicle, and took off. Police in Orange City say about twenty minutes later they got called to the Walmart on Veterans Memorial Highway where Burton had crashed the stolen car into a concrete pole and run into the store in just her underwear. Burton was standing out in front of the store with firefighters and store security when police arrived. Police said two drivers showed up at the Walmart to report that Burton had struck their cars at the intersection of Saxon and Veterans Memorial Parkway. The damage to their cars was estimated at $7,000. Burton faces charges of robbery carjacking without a firearm, resisting an officer, and leaving the scene of a crash. -- This story was originally published on WESH.com Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Rockets stumble in fourth quarter Astros use two huge innings to take down Rangers Police: 2 dead after shooting at Texas college 10 arrested in Texas prostitution sting The Lead Playboy Playmate under fire for posing nude on a sacred mountain Lawsuit alleges Robert Durst's 2nd wife helped conceal body Josh Reddick introduces WWE belt as daily Astros reward Even the fashion models at OTC are nerds Family of firefighter killed awarded $39 million Model, fitness fanatic accused of robbing banks Woman wearing only underwear arrested at Walmart Apocalyptic preacher, designer of Michael Jackson jackets dies East Texas school building $500,000 scoreboard Ghost towns haunt the Texas landscape HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Justice of the Peace accused of popping pills, paying for sex Food company issues recall over mislabeled poducts After stabbing, racist fliers posted at UT Here's how energy professionals partied during OTC At OTC, even the fashion models are nerds The models on OTC's runway 'Yelp' for hospitals ranks the best in the Houston Report: Female doctors earn less than men Med Center fast food draws criticism Moon River Ranch, near Waco, listed at $5.6 million What $2,000 rents in Houston compared to the 'burbs Peek inside some affordable Galveston bungalows Most Read 1 Largest water park in Houston opens May 7 offering 42 slides,... 2 Kroger employee charged with embezzling $275,000 from store 3 Complaints allege Justice of the Peace abused drugs, lied and... 4 Gulf Freeway to shut down this weekend 5 Royal Caribbean announces new ship sailing from Galveston 6 Food trucks, free booze, and a $50,000 tab: here's how energy... 7 Family of firefighter killed in bike crash awarded $39 million... 8 Body camera video shows arrest of underwear-clad carjacking... 9 YouTube parents who pulled disturbing 'pranks' on their kids... 10 Boerne attorney, a former judge, jailed on drug charge View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Wal-Mart online chief says he’s still playing… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Josh Kroenke talks Avs Budget goes to Governor Sprint speeds up Affordable Denver housing Cinco de Mayo in Denver Silverton heli-skiing Business Wal-Mart online chief says he’s still playing catch-up to Amazon Free two-day shipping, acquisitions and discounts are intended to close the gap with e-commerce giant Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Associated Press file In a file photo, the Walmart in Wheat Ridge, Colorado. By Bloomberg News May 3, 2017 at 12:23 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Denver Broncos season-ticket holders who lost their seats in “weeding” program are outraged Second body found in Morgan County “brutal killings” case identified as missing 18-year-old woman RTD’s North Line will take longer than expected, officials say Jamaal Charles signs one-year deal with Broncos Broncos’ Shane Ray praises Von Miller’s leadership, teachings to younger players Nocera: ESPN can’t afford to go on like this By Matthew Boyle and Brad Stone, Bloomberg News Wal-Mart Stores’s e-commerce chief said the world’s biggest retailer still has plenty of ground to cover as it expands its online business in the face of fierce competition from digital leaders like Amazon.com. “There are certainly areas where we are playing defense, and we’re behind and need to catch up,” Marc Lore, chief executive officer of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce business, said at the Bloomberg Breakaway Summit in New York Wednesday. “One example is the long-tail categories that we’re going after with acquisitions.” The term “long-tail” refers to the seemingly endless assortment of products that online retailers can offer, compared with the shelf-space constraints that force physical stores to focus on a more limited assortment of top-selling items. Wal-Mart put Lore in his current post after buying his company, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion in September. Since then, the 45-year-old Lore has rolled out free two-day shipping for orders more than $35, offered discounts on online merchandise picked up in stores, and acquired brands like outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women’s apparel seller ModCloth. Related Articles April 7, 2017 Longtime Denver online retailer eBags agrees to sell itself to Samsonite March 24, 2017 Walmart acquires niche online retailers, to the dismay of hipsters February 15, 2017 Walmart buys outdoor clothes and gear seller Moosejaw Online sales grew 29 percent over the Christmas holiday quarter, helping the retailer’s same-store sales top estimates. The moves are meant to widen Wal-Mart’s online assortment and close the gap with Amazon, which now accounts for 51 cents of every dollar spent on online retail thanks to its broad product offering and Prime membership benefits, according to Macquarie Research. Lore sold his first startup company, Quidsi, to Amazon in 2011, and worked there for another few years before leaving. He said Amazon didn’t invest enough in growing Quidsi, leading to its March decision to shut it down. “The business we built there was about assortment — diapers and dog food. And to make that work, you have to build out the long tail,” he said at the conference. “After I left, they sort of stopped. That was probably not a smart strategic move.” Asked about the struggles of mall-based retailers like Sears Holdings and Macy’s, Lore said the retail sector overall is “still fairly healthy” but that some brick-and-mortar brands might not survive the current environment of steep discounting and online encroachment. “There’s a chance that we will see some definitely not make it,” he said. “It’s not easy to change and adapt when things are moving really fast — you have to stay on top of it, and not everybody is. People are changing the way they shop and companies that are able to adapt will do well and flourish. Those that don’t, won’t.” Tags:  Walmart Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Hickenlooper on fatal Firestone house explosion: ‘Never again’ May 03, 2017, 9:28 pm Gov. John Hickenlooper on Wednesday called the fatal house explosion in Firestone “a tragedy of immense intensity” and doubled down on his order to make sure it never happens again. At the same time, COGCC said it will appeal a court ruling requiring protection of public health, safety and the environment as a condition of oil and gas production. Movies written by machines are multiplex-bound May 03, 2017, 8:57 pm If you’re looking for a good movie, I suggest “It’s No Game.” If you’ve never heard of it, that’s OK. The film, just released this week, is a bit less than eight minutes long. It tells the story of a pair of Hollywood writers who learn that they will be replaced by an artificially intelligent algorithm that generates screenplays. “Field Guide” to Colorado tourist spots off the beaten path guides locals to new corners of the state May 03, 2017, 8:15 pm The Colorado Tourism Office wants vacationers to look afield when planning holidays, hoping to push travelers — and their vacation dollars — into often overlooked places, like Creede, Silverton and Lamar. Sprint shares why its mobile data speeds improved in Denver: the Magic Box May 03, 2017, 9:52 pm Sprint’s rollout of new technologies, including something it calls the “Magic Box,” improved the quality and speed of its mobile service in Denver and five other cities, the company said Wednesday. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Lehigh Valley prom schedule 2017: See our photos Severe weather alert in Northampton, Monroe, Lehigh and Carbon counties. May 4 LV Business Cycle Retail Lehigh Valley grocers roll out online shopping WATCH: Walmart launches online grocery pickup at the Whitehall Supercenter Shoppers can now use Walmart’s free online grocery pickup service by ordering groceries online and picking them up without having to leave their cars. Customers can choose from 30,000 items including fresh produce, meats and organic groceries. Shoppers can now use Walmart’s free online grocery pickup service by ordering groceries online and picking them up without having to leave their cars. Customers can choose from 30,000 items including fresh produce, meats and organic groceries. Jon HarrisContact ReporterOf The Morning Call Walmart launches online shopping/grocery pickup at Whitehall store. If you're someone who dreads grocery shopping day and the cart pushing, product finding and checkout line jockeying that comes with it, you may want to listen up. Joining a trend of grocers delivering convenience to customers through online shopping platforms, Wal-Mart on Wednesday launched its online grocery pickup service at its Supercenter at 2601 MacArthur Road in Whitehall Township. The free service allows customers to order groceries online — the minimum purchase is $30 — and pick them up at the Whitehall store without leaving their cars. "We wanted to provide the customers with a fast, friendly and free experience," said John Calloway, an e-commerce market coach with Wal-Mart. "We want to give the customers an alternative method of shopping for the busy families, the busy businesspeople, people with limited mobility." PHOTO GALLERY: Shoppers can now use Walmart’s free online grocery pickup service by ordering groceries online and picking them up without having to leave their cars. Customers can choose from 30,000 items including fresh produce, meats and organic groceries. (Harry Fisher) While this is the first Wal-Mart in the Lehigh Valley to offer the service, the gigantic retailer began gradually rolling out the service across the country last year. Calloway said the service is now in 100 markets and Wal-Mart continues to strategically bring it to more stores, meaning other area Supercenters could get the program eventually. But Wal-Mart is hardly the first to offer a grocery pickup service. Phoenix retail analyst Jeff Green said most supermarket chains across the country have either started a drive-up delivery concept or are in the final planning stages. In addition, other supermarket chains with Lehigh Valley locations have a similar service, such as Weis Markets, which offers its version of "click and collect" at three area stores: on South Cedar Crest Boulevard in Allentown, on Crawford Drive in Hanover Township, Northampton County, and on Glenlivet Drive West in Fogelsville. How Wal-Mart plans to transform the way we buy groceries Sarah Halzack On a sweaty September morning in the Nashville suburbs, Anna Brummel pulls her white SUV into a Wal-Mart parking lot to stock up on groceries. But she never sets foot in the store. The mother of three had tapped out her order on her smartphone earlier while lying in bed. And now, she parks in a... On a sweaty September morning in the Nashville suburbs, Anna Brummel pulls her white SUV into a Wal-Mart parking lot to stock up on groceries. But she never sets foot in the store. The mother of three had tapped out her order on her smartphone earlier while lying in bed. And now, she parks in a... (Sarah Halzack) Weis spokesman Dennis Curtin said the orders placed with the service, which Weis offers at 36 of its stores, are shopped in-store by a trained personal shopper and are ready as quickly as four hours later. The service is free for a customer's first order and on orders over $150 — orders below that amount carry a $2.95 online shopping fee. That's where Wal-Mart's service differs, according to Neil Stern, a senior partner with Chicago retail consulting firm McMillan Doolittle. He said many other grocers are using a tiered structure, meaning service fees for curbside pickup vary depending on how much the customer spends. "There's a growing list of people who are doing it," Stern said. "Nobody is really doing it for free." Lehigh Valley grocery/convenience stores where you can now buy beer/wine Eileen Faust Laws regulating the sale of beer and wine at grocery stores, convenience stores, delicatessens/pizza parlors and restaurants have been relaxed over the last few years in Pennsylvania. Many establishments that were formerly restricted from selling alcohol can now sell a limited amount of beer and... Laws regulating the sale of beer and wine at grocery stores, convenience stores, delicatessens/pizza parlors and restaurants have been relaxed over the last few years in Pennsylvania. Many establishments that were formerly restricted from selling alcohol can now sell a limited amount of beer and... (Eileen Faust) And even though there are plenty of players in the grocery pickup service game, there's still opportunity within a category Stern describes as nascent. That's because, Stern said, e-commerce only represents about 1.5 percent of grocery sales in the United States. Compare that with overall e-commerce penetration rate of 12 percent across all sectors and closer to 40 percent in electronics. But it is a space where supermarkets are getting increasingly innovative. Stern referenced Cincinnati-based grocery giant Kroger's online service called ClickList, which uses loyalty program data to actually predict what customers need. For example, Stern said, the service may suggest you need laundry detergent based on your past shopping behavior and when you last purchased a container of Tide. For Wal-Mart, Stern said, this is the retailer leveraging its size and scale in its battle against other e-commerce giants such as Amazon. 10 types of sell-by dates: Why we're throwing out food that's perfectly safe Jennifer Sheehan The bewildering array of "sell by," "best before" and "expires on" labels on many of the packaged foods we buy may be a thing of the past. Two major food industry groups have asked their members, which include the nation's top food manufacturers and retailers, to use only two standard phrases on... The bewildering array of "sell by," "best before" and "expires on" labels on many of the packaged foods we buy may be a thing of the past. Two major food industry groups have asked their members, which include the nation's top food manufacturers and retailers, to use only two standard phrases on... (Jennifer Sheehan) "Rather than the physical stores being a drag on their future, they're trying to make them relevant," he said. "Offering free in-store pickup and offering discounts on items are ways to drive traffic into the stores." And with Wal-Mart increasingly going on the offensive rather than simply reacting to Amazon, the Seattle-based retailer that is trying to break into the grocery industry has taken notice. Amazon launched its AmazonFresh Pickup service at two locations in Seattle, allowing its Prime members to load up on groceries at the pickup spots. "The underlying reason for all of this is it's very expensive to get groceries to people's homes," Stern said. "So if you can get consumers to come to you, that helps pretty significantly in the cost of fulfilling the order." Caption Bethlehem Chamber Annual Dinner & Awards on Wednesday Bethlehem Chamber Annual Dinner & Awards on Wednesday Bethlehem Chamber Annual Dinner & Awards on Wednesday Caption Bethlehem Chamber Annual Dinner & Awards on Wednesday Bethlehem Chamber Annual Dinner & Awards on Wednesday Bethlehem Chamber Annual Dinner & Awards on Wednesday Caption American cuts coach legroom in new 737s arriving later this year Delta Air Lines and Southwest Airlines have also taken advantage of the new, slimmer designs to add seats to their 737s. Delta Air Lines and Southwest Airlines have also taken advantage of the new, slimmer designs to add seats to their 737s. Caption Apple has the means — and the motive — to pull off a massive acquisition Buying Disney would cost Apple slightly more than the $230 billion it currently keeps in foreign countries. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Buying Disney would cost Apple slightly more than the $230 billion it currently keeps in foreign countries. (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption WATCH: Walmart launches online grocery pickup at the Whitehall Supercenter Shoppers can now use Walmart’s free online grocery pickup service by ordering groceries online and picking them up without having to leave their cars. Customers can choose from 30,000 items including fresh produce, meats and organic groceries. Shoppers can now use Walmart’s free online grocery pickup service by ordering groceries online and picking them up without having to leave their cars. Customers can choose from 30,000 items including fresh produce, meats and organic groceries. Caption Renewed effort by congressional Republicans to repeal Obamacare stalls No vote is planned for what could mark the third attempt by the GOP to overhaul healthcare. (May 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) No vote is planned for what could mark the third attempt by the GOP to overhaul healthcare. (May 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) The order process at Wal-Mart starts with customers going to walmart.com/grocery and entering their zip code to find the closest participating store. They then fill their online basket and place an order, selecting a time to pick up their groceries. Same-day pickup is available, and pickup is available from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. seven days a week. After an order is placed, the customer will receive an email confirmation. A trained personal shopper then picks the items and keeps the order chilled or frozen until it is picked up. Once customers arrive at the pickup location, they call a designated number to alert a store associate, who retrieves the order and loads it into the car. At the Whitehall store, on the side closest to MacArthur Road, the pickup location features eight reserved parking spaces marked with orange signs It's a service that makes life easier for Tami Frank, a Whitehall resident who works in retail, takes care of her mother and helps with her nieces by picking them up from school and taking them to after-school activities. So after she got her red Toyota SUV loaded with groceries Wednesday afternoon, Frank said she won't hesitate to use the service again — especially since it means avoiding checkout lines. "Everybody was nice, and it's convenient," she said. "I'll definitely be a customer." jon.harris@mcall.com Twitter @ByJonHarris 610-820-6779 Get the inside scoop on the Lehigh Valley's business scene on The Business Cycle, themorningcall.com/business Like on Facebook: facebook.com/LVBizCycle Follow on Twitter: @LVBizCycle Order up some apples Wal-Mart launched its free online grocery pickup service Wednesday. Here are what some of the other supermarkets in the area offer: •Weis Markets offers a service at three Lehigh Valley stores. The service is free on orders over $150, and there's a $2.95 fee on orders under that amount. •Wegmans does not currently offer a curbside pickup service in the Lehigh Valley. The chain offers the program at a store in Rochester, N.Y., and six stores in New Jersey. It carries a $5.95 pickup fee. Wegmans spokeswoman Jo Natale said the company has no plans to add the service in the Lehigh Valley. •ShopRite offers its ShopRite from Home service at its Madison Farms store in Bethlehem Township. The service carries a $10 flat fee when you pick up at the store. •Giant Food Stores uses Peapod by Giant in the Lehigh Valley. The closest Giant store for pickup is in Royersford, Montgomery County, a spokeswoman said. The minimum order size is $60 and there's a fee depending on the order amount. Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle ShopRite Wegmans Food Markets, Inc. As online rivals sprout, Peapod girds for battle Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the U.S. Online Grocery Pickup Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 43°
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 62°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Wednesday, May 3, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Morning Meeting with Hillary Chabot, Jaclyn Cashman, Tom Shattuck Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Mystery note in jacket may point to China worker abuse Russ Wiles, USA TODAY Wednesday, May 03, 2017 comments The next time you buy a jacket, a purse or accessories, check the pockets, nooks and crannies. An Arizona woman said she found a handwritten paper note that could represent a plea for help from a distraught worker, possibly a prisoner, at an unidentified Walmart supplier in China — the latest in a series of mystery notes that pop up from time to time describing harsh labor conditions in Third World countries. Christel Wallace, of the Sierra Vista area, said she found a small folded piece of paper with Chinese-style characters in a purse she bought at a local Walmart in March. The situation became a national news story when her former daughter-in-law, Laura Wallace, posted the note on Facebook with a request for help translating it. Television station KVOA in Tucson first reported the story. Tim Steller of the Arizona Daily Star, who later interviewed the women, cautioned that it's hard to tell if the note might be a hoax, though he indicated the coarse paper and crude writing could point to its authenticity. Attempts by The Republic to contact the Wallaces were unsuccessful. Translators identified the language as Chinese and said the writer indicated he or she was a prisoner in Guangxi, in southern China. The writing describing a routine where inmates work 14-hour days, are subject to beatings, are fed poor-quality food and are paid meagerly. "Most ... Walmart supplier factories in China have very poor labor conditions," said Li Qiang, executive director of China Labor Watch, a group in New York that advocates for supply chain transparency and improved factory conditions. A Walmart spokeswoman indicated the company was aware of the situation but didn't comment on suppliers in China or elsewhere. “We’re making contact with the customer and appreciate her bringing this to our attention," said Ragan Dickens, the company's director of national media relations, in an email to The Republic. "With the information we have, we are looking into what happened so we can take the appropriate actions.” Such notes have been found in the past. They included a message found in a pair of pants at a Primark store in Belfast, Northern Ireland, and a communication found in Halloween decorations at a Kmart in Oregon. Walmart, the world's largest retailer, buys products from more than 100,000 suppliers around the world and is known for driving hard bargains. Walmart said in a corporate filing that suppliers "are subject to standards of conduct, including requirements that they comply with local labor laws, local worker-safety laws and other applicable laws." Still, the company, the second-largest employer in Arizona with roughly 34,000 workers in the state, acknowledged that there are many risks to relying on such an extensive supply chain. "Our ability to find qualified suppliers who uphold our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the U.S.," the company said. Given the extensive volume of consumer products imported into the U.S. — clothing, shoes, handbags, luggage, furniture, vehicles and much more — it's perhaps remarkable that such notes don't materialize more often. "This situation is rare," said Li Qiang, commenting on prison workers, "but still exists." Related Articles Jim DeMint ousted at Heritage Foundation Wizards' Markieff Morris blasts team's effort after Game 2 loss to Celtics America’s most luxurious hotel bathrooms More On: USA Today China Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Ray Flynn Flynn: Kathryn White represented best of Boston Joe Fitzgerald Fitzgerald: Walpole waitress conquers cancer Howie Carr Carr: William Weinreb not the man for US attorney Joe Battenfeld Battenfeld: Don’t kid yourself, Hillary Clinton is running Lindsay Kalter Kalter: This doc can feel your pain Bill Speros / Obnoxious Boston Fan Speros: Fenway slur echo of past Boston worked hard to ditch Trending Now Europe travel alert issued for Americans Red Sox considering lifetime bans in response to racist behavior Barack Obama thanks Jimmy Kimmel for endorsing the Affordable Care Act during emotional monologue about son Hillary Clinton blames misogyny, FBI, Russia, herself for 2016 loss Red Sox considering lifetime bans in response to racist behavior Shelter dog at death’s door becomes canine cop known for several major drug busts Nixon administration arrests 13,000 anti-war protesters in 3 days #HeraldArchives 1971 #HeraldArchive @BostonHerald… Tweets by @bostonherald ✖ Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
Skip to main content DONATE SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Search form Search Thursday, May 4, 2017 Home World War & Peace Economy Climate Rights Solutions U.S. Canada Single-Payer/Medicare for All People's Climate Trump Resistance 100 Days of Trump Tax Giveaway for the Rich Walmart and True Value to Phase Out Bee-Killing Pesticides While Ace Hardware Lags Behind For Immediate Release Wednesday, May 3, 2017 - 10:45am Organization Profile:  Friends of the Earth Contact:  Kate Colwell kcolwell@foe.org Walmart and True Value to Phase Out Bee-Killing Pesticides While Ace Hardware Lags Behind Garden retailers nearly unanimous in rejecting bee-killing pesticides WASHINGTON - Today, Friends of the Earth and its allies are announcing a major advancement in their fight to protect essential pollinator populations. Walmart (NYSE: WMT) and True Value have decided to eliminate neonicotinoid pesticides, a leading driver of global bee declines, from company garden retail supply chains. This follows an ongoing campaign by Friends of the Earth and allies urging garden retailers, including True Value and Walmart, to stop selling plants treated with neonicotinoids and remove products containing them from store shelves. In an email to Friends of the Earth, Walmart confirmed that its growers have eliminated neonics from approximately 80 percent of its garden plants. Walmart has also eliminated neonicotinoids in almost all its off-the-shelf gardening products. True Value announced that it will phase out products that contain neonicotinoid pesticides by the spring of 2018 and that the company is working with its growing partners to remove neonicotinoids from its plants. “This is a great day for bees and sends an important message that the market is listening to consumers and sound science in refusing to sell bee-killing pesticides,” said Tiffany Finck-Haynes, Food Futures Campaigner at Friends of the Earth U.S. “Friends of the Earth and our allies will continue to challenge Ace Hardware to eliminate these pesticides as quickly as possible to protect pollinators, people and the planet.” Walmart and True Value join more than 110 retailers across the country, including Home Depot (NYSE: HD) and Lowe's (NYSE: LOW), that have made firm commitments to eliminate neonicotinoids. To date, Ace Hardware is the only leading garden retailer that has not made a strong commitment to eliminate neonicotinoids on both plants and off-the-shelf products. Our critical Spring fundraiser. We rely on you. “Ace Hardware needs to stop dragging its feet and immediately adopt a formal public policy to eliminate neonicotinoid pesticides from its plants and products,” said Lisa Archer, Food & Technology Program Director at Friends of the Earth U.S. “Given that 40 percent of invertebrate pollinators are on the brink of extinction, it is more important than ever that companies like Ace Hardware and food retailers phase-out pollinator-toxic pesticides to address the bee crisis and protect our environment.” “Polling clearly shows that American consumers want corporate retailers to commit to eliminate neonics and the vast majority of retailers are listening by saying NO to neonics on their store shelves,” said Angus Wong, Campaign Manager at SumOfUs. “Given clear consumer preference and the hundreds of thousands of Americans that have signed petitions to Ace Hardware and Kroger, we call on these retailers to adopt formal policies to eliminate bee-killing pesticides from all stores nationwide.” A study released by Friends of the Earth and Pesticide Research Institute in August 2016 revealed bee-killing neonicotinoid pesticides in “bee-friendly” home garden plants sold at major retailers. The latest commitments from True Value, Walmart and Costco (NYSE: COST) show that the industry has moved even further to eliminate these pesticides since the release of the report. ### Friends of the Earth is the U.S. voice of the world's largest grassroots environmental network, with member groups in 77 countries. Since 1969, Friends of the Earth has fought to create a more healthy, just world. Organization Links Friends of the Earth FOE (Press Center) FOE (Action Center) Share This Article More in: Climate , Bees, Pesticides, Environment, Friends of the Earth Sign Up for Newsletter   Today's Views Mike Lofgren ‘I, for One, Welcome Our New Insect Overlords!’ How the Chattering Class Bully-Worships Trump Mona Younis Wanted: 1.5 Billion Immigrants Hanif Hassan Al Qassim Reflections on World Press Freedom Day Michael Winship Don’t Know Much About History Jim Hightower Populism is Not About Mobs, Anti-Government Rants or Opinion Polls Phoebe Wynn-Pope People Are Looking Death In The Face While We Turn The Other Cheek Ralph Nader It’s About Bringing Your Congress Back Home, Citizens! Isaiah Poole Progressive Caucus Budget Turns Resistance Into Policy, Rebukes Trump Raekyong Lee Trump and the Rush to Deploy THAAD Richard Eskow Who’s Behind the Billionaire PAC Targeting Elizabeth Warren? Glenn Greenwald Trump’s Support and Praise of Despots Is Central to the U.S. Tradition, Not a Deviation From It Mark Pocan The People’s Budget, Not Trump’s Budget, Will Help Working Americans More Views Connect With Us News That Matters New Yorkers Plan to 'Drown Out' Trump with Protest During First Presidential Visit Senator's Tweetstorm Shows Stark Human Toll of Trump Immigration Crackdown Nearly 500K People Urge Congress to "Take Away Trump's Nuclear Football" Rights Groups Hold Emergency Protest vs. Looming 'License to Discriminate' Comey Says Only Reason Assange Not 'Apprehended Yet': He's Out of Reach Trump Risks Turning US Into 'Global Climate Deadbeat' by Withdrawing From Paris Protest Expert Says Anti-Trump Resistance Is Not Slowing Down Flint Residents Could Lose Their Homes Over Unpaid Bills for Poisoned Water 'Deadly Risk': Holocaust Survivor and WWII Resistance Veterans Denounce Le Pen How Much to Buy a Congressional Vote? New Research Seeks Answer More News Further Wyoming Lives and Lets Tutu In these mean times, a sliver of grace and good: After a Wyoming senator told students that "a guy who wears a tutu and goes to bars on Friday night" is "kind of" asking to be assaulted, supporters of LGBTQ equality - including many scruffy, smiling, boots-and-jeans-clad straight guys - took to wearing tutus to work, school and, yes, bars. There were also tutu-themed parties, game nights and bar discounts to urge Equality State residents to "show up for each other." Read More... More Further Join the resistance! About Common Dreams Our Mission: To inform. To inspire. To ignite change for the common good. Common Dreams has been providing breaking news & views for the progressive community since 1997. We are independent, non-profit, advertising-free and 100% reader supported. About Common Dreams Key Staff Writers' Guidelines The Commons - Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Jobs Contact Us Common Dreams P.O. Box 443 Portland, ME 04112-0443 USA via Email: Editor News Tips? Article Submissions News Release Submissions Webmaster / General Info 207.775.0488 (voice)  207.775.0489 (fax) Common Dreams brings you the news that matters. DONATE Sign up for Newsletter Click to Sign Up Connect With Us  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Big News From Walmart on Climate Action By Molly Rauch via Moms Clean Air Force Blog SOURCE: Walmart DESCRIPTION: Walmart is not just a superstore, it’s the tenth largest economic entity in the world, slightly larger than the economy of Spain. So when Walmart recently announced its commitment to help reduce the carbon dioxide emissions of its suppliers by one billion metric tons, it placed the company among the ranks of global economies taking major climate action. Laura Phillips, senior vice president of sustainability at Walmart, is one of the chief architects of this and other company sustainability efforts. A 22-year veteran of Walmart, Laura brings to her work not only deep corporate experience, but also her experience of being a mom to a ten-year-old and a 13-year-old. She also cares for two dogs, a cat, a hamster, and a horse at her Arkansas home. Click here for Laura’s complete interview via momscleanairforce.org  Tweet me: Big News From Walmart on Climate Action via #MomsCleanAirForce http://bit.ly/2qamZdV #workthatmatters KEYWORDS: Environment, Climate Action, Walmart, Moms Clean Air Force CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Osisko obtient 936 g/t Au sur 2,5 mètres au Lac Windfall Next PostNext Wash Ninja® Granted Registered Trademark, Pulls Trigger on Green Friendly Auto Care Product Line Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe One Sign That the Retail Industry Isn’t Dead Yet by Leslie Patton More stories by Leslie Patton May 3, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT Some retail is healthy enough to poach workers from fast food Fazoli’s, Boston Market offering more perks to retain workers Sternlicht Sees Retail ‘Smaller But Healthier’ in 5 Years Customers cussed at him and threw ice cream at him. Finally, Don-Wesley Andrews had enough. He quit McDonald’s in Sacramento, California, for a job at Wal-Mart.  Like many other Americans, 22-year-old Andrews improved his life just by moving to retail from fast food. Longer lunch break, paid time off, even a quarterly bonus -- and no french fry fragrance clinging to his clothes. “Wal-Mart’s not perfect, but compared to fast food, it’s much, much, much better,” Andrews said. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up There’s plenty of talk about the retail industry dying, with malls closing and the slump stressing iconic chains like Sears Holdings Corp. and J. Crew, but healthier big-box giants such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Costco Wholesale Corp. are still chronically in need of employees, at least for now. The number of U.S. retail jobs was about the same last year compared with 2015, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. What’s really bedeviling retailers is annual turnover -- at 65 percent, it’s the highest since before the Great Recession -- making it necessary to keep hiring. The chains are so hungry for good help they’re poaching workers from fast-food restaurants. “Those jobs tend to be more transitional, they tend to be more fluid, and as a result there tends to be higher turnover,” said Michael Harms of Dallas-based researcher TDn2K. “Even though you hear headlines like retail is dying and the robots are coming, there’s still a lot of things that need human touch points. It’s a dogfight over good employees.” When it comes to pay, stores have the edge. U.S. retail sales workers earn a median $10.37 an hour, while food workers, including those at fast food, make $9.35, according to new data from the BLS.  Andrews said he earns $12.12 an hour at his new job. Perhaps not coincidentally, Wal-Mart, the largest U.S. private employer, added about 200,000 American jobs over the last decade. Worker Retention Italian fast-casual chain Fazoli’s is trying to fend off retail, according to Dave Craig, vice president of human resources. “It’s a free-for-all right now,” Craig said. While the company is paying 20 cents to 30 cents more than last year, its employees still make $9.20 an hour, on average. That’s less than the minimum of $10 an hour Wal-Mart started giving people last year. Fazoli’s is trying to retain employees. The chain might nix cotton T-shirt uniforms for a Dri-Fit option that employees don’t have to tuck in. Black jeans, instead of slacks, are a possibility, too. And workers may get paid more often -- the company is testing a program that gives employees some of their earnings at the end of each shift in a debit card. Boston Market Corp. is buttering up employees, too. It’s handing out as much as $100 to those who get the best customer-survey scores. The chicken chain is spending more to advertise jobs on Facebook Inc., Glassdoor Inc. and Twitter Inc. and is giving raises. Workers now earn $10.01 an hour, on average -- about 75 cents more than last year. Pay increases in fast food are fueled by more than just the competition from retail. Higher minimum wages across the U.S., a better economy and a smaller labor pool to draw from -- due to fewer immigrants from Mexico -- also have an impact. “You have big distribution centers, you have retailers, you have other restaurant concepts, you have grocery stores, and they’re all looking for great people,” said Jason Lessman, Boston Market’s vice president of human resources. “It’s just as tough as I’ve seen it in my 12 years of doing recruiting. It’s definitely a war for talent.” ‘Make A Statement’ In 2014, Starbucks Corp. upended its workers’ dress code to include looser rules for tattoos, along with colored ties and scarves and black denim. It further loosened the rules last year inviting employees to “make a statement with hair color.” McDonald’s Corp. said last month it was upgrading its uniforms in the U.S. to be more modern and comfortable -- an effort to retain workers. “You’re going to see the labor market further tighten,” Chief Executive Officer Steve Easterbrook said in an April earnings call. At the same time, the domestic dining industry is struggling. March same-store sales dropped 0.6 percent, marking the fourth-straight month of declines, according to data from researcher MillerPulse. Profit is being hurt by the extra costs to attract and keep staff to flip burgers, assemble sandwiches and bake pizzas. That’s definitely the case in Sacramento, where many of Andrews’s Wal-Mart colleagues used to serve burritos and chalupas. “There was this joke that they literally stole half the Taco Bell crew,” he said. “There’s a lot of people that used to do fast food that made their way to the retail side.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit Is This the Most Valuable Car in the World? The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Fed Keeps Rates on Hold as Slowdown in Growth Seen Temporary Most U.S. Homes Are Worth Less Than Before the Crash Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Antares Pharma (ATRS) Receiving Positive Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Quad/Graphics, Inc. (QUAD) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.30 Insider Selling: Jabil Circuit, Inc. (JBL) COO Sells 2,000 Shares of Stock Apple Inc. (AAPL) Announces Dividend Increase – $0.63 Per Share Argos Therapeutics (ARGS) Receives Media Impact Rating of 0.30 Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect ASM International NV (ASMI) Stock Price BP plc Declares Quarterly Dividend of $0.60 (bp) Delbrook Capital Advisors Inc. Acquires 750,000 Shares of Rapier Gold Inc (RPR) Stock Anthem (ANTM) Given Daily Coverage Optimism Score of 0.10 Ryan C. Kearny Sells 846 Shares of F5 Networks, Inc. (FFIV) Stock Somewhat Positive Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect Amphenol (APH) Share Price Anil Jain Acquires 3,775 Shares of Syntel, Inc. (SYNT) Stock Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Extremely Likely to Affect ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Share Price Seattle Genetics, Inc. (SGEN) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” New Residential Investment Corp (NRZ) Receives Outperform Rating from FBR & Co Sunoco Logistics Partners L.P. (SXL) Upgraded to “Outperform” by Robert W. Baird Mueller Water Products, Inc. (MWA) Receives “Outperform” Rating from Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Medpace Holdings Inc (MEDP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Jefferies Group LLC EnerSys (ENS) Downgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Centurylink Inc (CTL) Releases Q2 Earnings Guidance TNB Financial Invests $3.233 Million in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet TNB Financial purchased a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor purchased 44,849 shares of the retailer’s stock, valued at approximately $3,233,000. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in WMT. Fred Alger Management Inc. increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 29,172 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,016,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the last quarter. Payden & Rygel increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 12.1% in the third quarter. Payden & Rygel now owns 141,520 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $10,206,000 after buying an additional 15,300 shares during the last quarter. Sigma Planning Corp increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 7.4% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 28,148 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,030,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares during the last quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.8% in the third quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,216,073 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $231,943,000 after buying an additional 698,654 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Nuance Investments LLC increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 5.3% in the third quarter. Nuance Investments LLC now owns 240,323 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $17,332,000 after buying an additional 12,159 shares during the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 75.52 on Wednesday. The company’s 50-day moving average price is $72.47 and its 200-day moving average price is $70.22. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52 week low of $62.72 and a 52 week high of $75.77. The company has a market capitalization of $229.05 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.24 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 EPS for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $130.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.49 EPS. Wal-Mart Stores’s quarterly revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a dividend of $0.51 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.70%. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 43.48%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “TNB Financial Invests $3.233 Million in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT)” was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright law. The correct version of this article can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/tnb-financial-invests-3-233-million-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. WMT has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Vetr downgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.26 price target on the stock. in a report on Monday, February 6th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating in a report on Wednesday, January 11th. Bank of America Corp raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and upped their price target for the company from $76.00 to $88.00 in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set a “market perform” rating and a $71.00 price target on the stock. Finally, Morgan Stanley lowered their price target on Wal-Mart Stores from $74.00 to $70.00 and set an “equal weight” rating on the stock in a report on Monday, January 23rd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $75.69. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total transaction of $320,418,144.94. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at approximately $476,044,833.20. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611. 51.55% of the stock is owned by company insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Nokia Oyj (NOKIA) Given a €5.75 Price Target by Credit Suisse Group AG Analysts Barclays PLC (BARC) Given a GBX 250 Price Target at S&P Global BP plc (BP) PT Set at GBX 480 by S&P Global Dynagas LNG Partners LP (DLNG) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Fossil Group Inc (FOSL) Rating Reiterated by Jefferies Group LLC Q2 2017 EPS Estimates for Synchrony Financial (SYF) Lowered by Analyst Research Analysts Offer Predictions for Detour Gold Co.’s Q2 2017 Earnings (DGC) National Bank Financial Weighs in on Great-West Lifeco Inc’s Q2 2017 Earnings (GWO) Coach Inc (COH) Shares Gap Up After Better-Than-Expected Earnings Zagg Inc (ZAGG) Trading -2.6% Higher Following Earnings Beat Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Shares Gap Down After Analyst Downgrade Mosaic Co (MOS) Shares Gap Down Following Weak Earnings Blackbaud, Inc. (BLKB) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Benchmark Co. Pegasystems Inc. (PEGA) Rating Reiterated by Wedbush Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (AMD) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Stifel Nicolaus Mantech International Corp (MANT) Rating Reiterated by Cowen and Company Okta Inc (OKTA) Coverage Initiated at JMP Securities Cerner Co. (CERN) Stock Rating Lowered by Hilliard Lyons Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for PacWest Bancorp (PACW) Tractor Supply Company Expected to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $1.31 Per Share (TSCO) Capstone Asset Management Co. Raises Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) May 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capstone Asset Management Co. boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 0.6% during the first quarter, according to its most recent Form 13F filing with the SEC. The fund owned 278,520 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 1,688 shares during the period. Wal-Mart Stores accounts for approximately 0.6% of Capstone Asset Management Co.’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 27th largest position. Capstone Asset Management Co.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $20,076,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. First PREMIER Bank boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 14.8% in the first quarter. First PREMIER Bank now owns 8,928 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $643,000 after buying an additional 1,151 shares in the last quarter. First American Bank boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 2.5% in the first quarter. First American Bank now owns 51,253 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $3,694,000 after buying an additional 1,226 shares in the last quarter. Kempner Capital Management Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.5% in the first quarter. Kempner Capital Management Inc. now owns 31,748 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,288,000 after buying an additional 2,475 shares in the last quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the first quarter. Carroll Financial Associates Inc. now owns 10,213 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $736,000 after buying an additional 122 shares in the last quarter. Finally, National Pension Service boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. National Pension Service now owns 1,032,653 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $73,928,000 after buying an additional 6,757 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 75.52 on Wednesday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $72.47 and a 200 day moving average price of $70.22. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52-week low of $62.72 and a 52-week high of $75.77. The company has a market capitalization of $229.05 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.24 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The firm earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.49 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, December 8th will be issued a $0.51 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.70%. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 43.48%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this piece on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark and copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/03/capstone-asset-management-co-raises-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several research firms have weighed in on WMT. Royal Bank of Canada restated a “sell” rating and set a $67.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Tuesday. Pacific Crest cut Wal-Mart Stores to a “hold” rating in a report on Sunday. MKM Partners restated a “neutral” rating and set a $77.00 price target (up previously from $72.00) on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $84.00 price target for the company in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Finally, KeyCorp restated an “overweight” rating and set a $90.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, April 19th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $75.69. In related news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
English Deutsch Français Italiano English - India Español Português 日本語 СРПСКИ Hrvatski Български МАКЕДОНСКИ 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी Slovenski Subscribe E-PAPER Products Voices of Read Russia Russian Hockey Players Guide Russian Start-ups 30under30 World Business Politics & Society Education Science & Tech Defense Opinion Arts & Living People Movies Events Literature Music Theater History Russian Kitchen Travel Sport Multimedia Work and Travel: Seeing America through Russian eyes August 3, 2016 Maria Rodionova, RBTH Work and Travel is one of the most popular programs for young people who want to travel to the United States. Maria Rodionova went to the U.S. on this program in summer 2014 and shares her impressions of the work, the country, and the people. Facebook Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Print page Related Putin and Trump discuss prospects for coordination of anti-terror effort Russian minister predicts end of shale era after Trump decree Putin and Trump to hold telephone conversation on May 2 Tags u.s.-russia relations, education, exchange program (left to right) Anna, Maria, Polina. Source: Maria Rodionova 1. Work Anna, Polina, Maria Taking part in the U.S. Work & Travel program was my friend Anna’s dream for at least five years. The program’s name speaks for itself: For the first three months you work in the U.S.; after, you travel on the money you’ve earned. To exclude the possibility of permanent migration and ensure successful integration, participants must: Be currently enrolled full-time students; Find a seasonal job (waiter, lifeguard, housekeeper, etc.) in a small town; Be able to say “my English is very bad”; Pay $3,000 for the organization’s fees, tickets and a visa to the States. We were three sophomores, eager to live in a foreign country, who had barely saved $3,000. Long curious as to why the U.S. attracts so many people, we took our finals in advance and, in the beginning of June, I took the second flight of my life, bound for the New World in pursuit of Anna’s dream. Staff, Marriott Courtyard We got job offers for housekeeping positions at a Marriott Courtyard hotel in Virginia Beach, VA. We were sold when the hotel offered us a room for a ridiculously low price. We tried to translate the duties listed in the job offer, but, having failed miserably, agreed that it would be easier to just figure it all out upon arrival. We were shocked when our wages did a disappearing act: A headline rate of $9/hour metamorphosed into $7.50 after taxes. This was the first in a stream of constant reminders that U.S. and Russian taxes are different: in Russia, you know only the after-tax wage, and advertised prices include taxes. Maria Rodionova Maria Rodionova   1/2   Integration went reasonably well: Upon entering the hotel, I put my dozen years of English to use. “Where are you from?” asked a Thai guy at the reception desk. “I am fine, thank you,” I answered. “They’re from Russia,” explained Jennifer, who would become our favorite boss. The staff was as international as the U.S. is. We worked with people from all over the world: Romanian, Russians, Thais, Filipinos, Spaniards, and, of course, Americans. The team was shockingly helpful: ready to explain, to support and to say “thanks for doing it for us.” For example, our housekeeping coach, Veronika, a Filipina, offered in demonstrations supplemented by pidgin English: “Do this in this way and that in that way. This is here and that is there. Make sure it’s all ok.” We, in turn, showed our appreciation by helping people to finish their tasks for the day and feeding the whole team truckloads of the quintessential Russian food: borscht (We cooked bowls of borscht all night in a 5-liter rice cooker). Source: Maria Rodionova Fred, Virginia Beach Despite our excellent integration, we had trouble finding food in the U.S. We had heard scare stories of gaining weight when coming to visit, and were so afraid of putting on the “Freshman 15” that we thought even the American air might be high calorie. We brought five huge packs of Russian buckwheat, an extremely healthy grain. To supplement this, we bought the cheapest rice, fish and vegetables we could find and avoided doughnuts and the gargantuan ice cream cones offered oceanfront as if they were the plague. The unfortunate result was that we failed to try traditional American cuisine. Although Polina claims that we were eating unhealthy food all the time, I can remember only one hamburger and a couple of pizzas eaten during the four-month trip. Source: Maria Rodionova The second reason why food was so difficult to find was our lack of transportation. Apparently, we weren’t the only ones who had trouble with Virginia Beach public transportation – several people who we asked were puzzled to learn that the city had buses at all. And yet, against all odds, we eventually found a bus. However, even this wasn’t an unsullied success: It turns out bus drivers aren’t excited when you try to pay a 50-cent fare with a hundred-dollar bill. Having exchanged our currency in Russia, we only had $100 bills. Disembarking from the bus, we couldn’t find anyone other than the elderly cleaning guy. To our surprise, he whipped out a billfold full of different bills, changed our money and walked us back to the bus station. However, after 40 minutes of waiting, instead of the bus we saw a huge pick-up truck. It was Fred, the same cleaning guy who had changed our money. “If you don’t have a car in America, you are in trouble,” he told us. Fred took us to Walmart and Goodwill, helped with buying food and finding the above mentioned rice cooker. Then he drove us back to the hotel. Fred left his phone number and laughed good-naturedly, telling us “If you ever want to talk, call my wife. She will talk you to death.” Unfortunately, we lost it during one of our arduous housekeeping sessions. Fred was one of the first Americans who helped us, something that we remain grateful for. Although in Russia we use public transport, which runs often and on time, we decided to buy bicycles next time we needed to make a pilgrimage to Walmart. The U.S. slowly became our second home. We found new friends, who volunteered to serve as our English teachers and whom we taught basic Russian phrases (like “blue squirrel,” “babushka” and “you shut up too!”). We discovered a shortcut to Walmart. We found a stunning beach, which could be reached in just 35 minutes by bicycle rather than 1.5 hours by bus. We got better at housekeeping and finally got ourselves sorted out. And right as we were starting to feel at home, our working time came to an end: It was September, time to leave our job and start traveling. 2. Travel Taxi driver, Las Vegas After working for three months, making a dozen new good friends, and a tearful parting, we set off on the second chapter of our program: travel. Las Vegas marked a natural starting point. Initially, the plan was to stay in a hostel, but financial constraints led us to Couchsurfing, an international free hospitality exchange website, through which travelers stay with like-minded locals in an attempt to really understand the culture of a place. Source: Maria Rodionova Our prospective hosts mentioned that their place was far from the airport, so we took a cab. Around midnight, on the poorly lit street, our taxi driver asked him to give us the address of the house. “89014” we replied. “That’s a zip-code,” he stated with irritation, “not an address.” We called our hosts several times. No answer. The taxi driver, a short and skinny guy from Eritrea, was stunned by how irresponsible we were: “You will be murdered! You know what I’m sayin’!?” We shamefacedly nodded “yes,” assuming it was a question. “I will drop you off at the gas station.” Filled with dread, we shook our heads, “no.” Vivid images of horror movies with serial killers chasing their victims near abandoned gas stations flashed through our minds. Seeing us paralyzed by fear, he generously invited us to stay at his place. After a few seconds of hesitation, we agreed – the choice between a gas station and taxi driver’s house was no choice at all. The driver dropped us off at his house and returned to his 8 p.m.-7 a.m. shift. Being alone in the room, we had some time to research his collection of books, assuming that a man is what he reads. His books boasted titles like “Dead or Alive” and “Murder in the Kitchen” or were collections of horror stories. He also had an impressive collection of knives in the kitchen. Nevertheless, the driver turned out to be a very good guy, offering us vodka (in honor of our Russian heritage) and driving us all around Las Vegas next day. Although he didn’t trust life, he trusted us. He helped us when we were in need. We promised to keep his name a secret, and I will never break the promise. Stephen, Route 66 The Grand Canyon was our next destination. We found a guy who agreed to drive us halfway there. We agreed that even halfway to the Grand Canyon was worth a visit. We were ready for our next adventure, when our newly befriended taxi driver interrupted our excitement: “The unknown guy is gonna drive you there? He will rape you, you know what I’m sayin’?” We nodded “yes.” Shortly after we showed the driver a picture of a very innocent-looking 20 year old, skinny guy with a huge bush of curly hair. After thinking for a moment, taxi driver reluctantly agreed: “Okay, you can go with him. Be careful though. You know what I mean?” Source: Maria Rodionova Stephen was a character: In his 20 years he had visited 40 countries and was planning to “finish them all” by age 25. His plans, however, were stymied by visa troubles to Russia. We knowingly laughed and wished him good luck. He loved Las Vegas and enjoyed showing us around. We found an old-timey, Route 66 gas station, which had been decorated for tourists and took pictures of ourselves, looking straight out of a spaghetti Western. We drove across Indian reservations and, six hours later, returned to the city, safe, with a new good friend and feeling inspired for our upcoming travels. Galen, Los Angeles Our path took us from Sin City to the City of Angels, LA. The U.S. transport system clearly had it in for us, with Greyhound (one of the main transcontinental bus companies) possessing a particular animus. But Greyhound wasn’t alone: Back in Virginia we had taken a couple days off and a couple of buses to visit Washington, D.C. On the way home, the first bus was late, resulting in a cascade of missed buses. Seeing as how we had promised our boss that we would be back on time, we shelled out $300 – a week’s wages – for a cab. In LA neither a taxi driver nor a taxi could save us. Anna lost her luggage on the Greyhound bus – which we realized only upon arrival in LA. Our first hour in LA we were anxious: We tried, with deeply imperfect English, to convey the gravity of the situation to staff not prone to lending assistance. The neighborhood, LA’s infamous Skid Row, was not for the faint of heart. Our next host, Galen, was a hero with messy hair in a plain gray T-shirt. Smiling as he cheerfully greeted us, he saved us from imminent disaster. He came to pick us up from the hellish bus stationand take us to his penthouse loft. “You sit here, and you sit on top of her, and you sit on top of us” – Galen fit the four of us into his tiny, two-seat convertible like a jigsaw puzzle. Police officers casually ignored the two extra people in the car, focused on the bigger problems the neighborhood presented. We successfully arrived at the place, which, thankfully, was just a couple of blocks away. We and Galen. Source: Maria Rodionova We delayed our departure by three days, hoping to find Anna’s bag. Those three days blurred together as a mixture of perfect weather, the ocean, celebrity sightings, endless conversations and impromptu dance parties with our hosts. Unbelievable events followed us everywhere. Once, while walking around Hollywood we ran into two familiar faces – two Dutch guys we had met on our second day in the U.S. Three months before, in New York, after checking out of the Pennsylvania Hotel we spent the night before our bus to Virgina wandering the streets of Manhattan. Just after midnight, we befriended two guys from the Netherlands, who joined us for a walk. Now, here they were – in LA, finishing up the trip and fortuitously meeting old friends on the Walk of Fame. Source: Maria Rodionova Galen managed to conquer the Greyhound bureaucracy, conjuring Anna’s bag, returning with her and the bag in tow. Do miracles happen? The truth, however, is that someone just knows how to solve problems better than we did. Joe, Santa Cruz Santa Cruz, a beautiful beach community about 60 miles south of San Francisco, was our next stop. Continuing our Couchsurfing adventures, we met Joe, an energetic man in his late sixties with a very unusual look and a long grey beard. After our adventures in LA, my friends claimed they trusted me, and thus we ended up in a 60-square-foot room piled full of fancy furniture: an old, creaky bed and a small shelf. The walls were plastered with pictures. The rest of the room was wall-to-wall bicycles. Joe's room. Source: Maria Rodionova We only had enough time to toss our heavy bags on the floor before Joe gave us three bicycles and exclaimed: “Let’s go around the coast!” As we learnt later, Joe had constructed those bicycles himself, gathering different parts from all over the world. He’s been on several months-long trips recently, including ones to Australia and Brazil. The Santa Cruz coastline was breathtaking: We saw fur seals, deer, a beach just for dogs and a popular surfing place. The three-hour tour around the coast was hard, but exciting. When Joe looked back at the end, he was pretty surprised that we were still alive, cycling right behind him. Seals, Santa Cruz. Source: Maria Rodionova Back home he cooked us an amazing sandwich. Our dinner was followed by a hundred stories about the “super-friendly, awesome, and crazy” guests he’d hosted. Later on, we signed his guestbook. I was his 157th. Santa Cruz coastline. Source: Maria Rodionova American people We met many more people on our way, and visited several more cities. One might say that we were not careful enough, but we found America to be a very hospitable and generous country, full of smiling and helpful people. P.S. Next time you meet a Russian student – don’t hesitate to help! New York. Source: Maria Rodionova Read more: How I studied Russian>>> Subscribe to get the hand picked best stories every week Subscribe to our mailing list All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta. Facebook Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Print page Multimedia Siberian Snow White becomes an Instagram star Your opinion Which destination in Russia would you choose for your summer holidays? News 6:42 PM May 3, 2017 Putin and Erdogan see eye-to-eye, but not on tomatoes 6:27 PM May 3, 2017 Do Russians still trust television? 5:16 PM May 3, 2017 Airports in Russian major cities to suspend air traffic for Victory Day 2:54 PM May 3, 2017 Russian military advisor killed in Syria, says Defense Ministry 2:49 PM May 3, 2017 Putin: Russia and Turkey restoring full-format relations 2:31 PM May 3, 2017 Police detain 64 football fans after Ural-Lokomotiv match in Sochi 2:25 PM May 3, 2017 Russia develops next-generation bomber’s digital model 11:45 AM May 3, 2017 Putin and Trump discuss prospects for coordination of anti-terror effort 6:25 PM May 2, 2017 Russian minister predicts end of shale era after Trump decree 5:01 PM May 2, 2017 Putin and Merkel discuss necessity of strict observance of Minsk agreements News from idealmedia.com Business Calendar Read more  Culture calendar 4 May — 4 June Second World War Drawings by Architect-veterans from Russia and Britain 2 May — 16 May Victory Day Сelebrations in the UK 1 May — 6 May Russian Literature Week 2017 in New York City 27 April — 24 May Sovremennik/Contemporary exhibition in London's Pushkin House 1 April — 16 May Exhibit: Architecture at the End of the Earth at University of Washington 23 March — 7 May 2017 Russian American History Month in New York Read more  About us Team Partners Advertising Contacts Careers Privacy policy RBTH Network: English Deutsch Français Italiano English - India Español Português 日本語 中文 Српски Hrvatski Български Македонски 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी Slovenski © Russia Beyond The Headlines a global media project sponsored by: Autonomous Nonprofit Organization "TV-Novosti", 2017. All rights reserved.  Back to top + Like us on Facebook
Home Create Account Log In Go Home News Weather Currents 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Interactive Weather Radar Rain Totals Severe Weather Alerts 3TV 360 Camera Network Good Morning AZ All Sections Print PAY IT FORWARD CBS 5, Wal-Mart team up to take action against childhood hunger Posted: Thursday, June 9, 2016 7:51 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, June 21, 2016 10:30 PM EDT As temperatures rise, so do the basic needs of people who are struggling in our community. (Source: St. Vincent de Paul via Facebook) (Source: St. Vincent de Paul via Facebook) (Source: St. Vincent de Paul via Facebook) PHOENIX (CBS5) - With children out of school over the hot summer months, hard-working families often have to face the impossible choice of putting food on the table or paying high utility bills and extra childcare costs. That’s why CBS 5 News and Wal-Mart are teaming up with St. Vincent de Paul during the month of June for the Be A Summer Action Hero campaign to raise awareness and support for struggling families over the summer months. Throughout the month, residents of central and northern Arizona are invited to participate in the campaign by donating non-perishable foods at any Wal-Mart location, donating online at SummerRelief.org or hosting a food drive. "Summer can be such a tough time for so many," Steve Zabilski, the executive director of St. Vincent de Paul. "We often hear from people asking how they can help. We're especially hoping that people who have never given will be inspired to step up and donate. I can assure you, you'll feel better for doing it. You’ll be a hero to a family in need." The campaign will culminate on June 21 with a volunteer day and phone bank on CBS 5.  St. Vincent de Paul operates five Valley charity dining rooms and 83 community-based food pantries across central and northern Arizona. Together, they served over 10 million meals to hungry families and individuals last year. WHO: CBS 5, Wal-Mart, Wells Fargo and St. Vincent de Paul are teaming up during the month of June to tackle hunger in the state. WHAT: The community is invited to participate by donating non-perishable foods at any Walmart location in central and north Phoenix. Individuals can also donate online at SummerRelief.org or call the CBS 5 phone bank -- 1-877-755-CBS5 (2275) -- on June 21. (Click or tap phone number to call from this story on your mobile device on June 21.) Add event to your calendar: iCalendar | Outlook | Google Calendar  Mobile users: Click here to get calendar links WHEN: Through June 21 WHERE: Food donations collected at Wal-Mart locations Valleywide. Monetary donations can be made at www.SummerRelief.org. We're especially hoping that people who have never given will be inspired to step up and donate. I can assure you, you'll feel better for doing it. You’ll be a hero to a family in need. St. Vincent de Paul accepts all donations of non-perishable food, but there are some items -- pantry staples -- it especially needs. Canned chicken or tuna Canned vegetables Canned or dry beans Canned fruit Peanut butter in plastic jars Pasta Cereal To host your own food drive, contact Jamie Bethune at 602-850-6748 or JBethune@svdpaz.org. The Society of St. Vincent de Paul is an international non-profit organization dedicated to serving the poor and providing others with the opportunity to serve. The Phoenix Diocesan Council has been assisting central and northern Arizona families since 1946. Programs include services for the homeless, medical and dental care for the working poor, charity dining rooms, thrift stores, a transitional housing shelter and general assistance for individuals in need. For more information about St. Vincent de Paul, please visit www.stvincentdepaul.net. Charitable donations help us ensure that we are there to feed, clothe, house and heal the most vulnerable in our community. Copyright 2016 KPHO (KPHO Broadcasting Corporation). All rights reserved. Connect with CBS5AZ   Saw it on CBS 5 News Tweets by @CBS5AZ Can't Find Something? Go HomeNewsWeatherGood Morning AZAll Sections All content © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Frankly Media and . All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Mystery note in jacket may point to China abuse USA TODAY Russ Wiles 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 28 most expensive homes for sale in the US right now The world's most expensive armed forces Click to expand Replay Video Facebook to add 3,000 workers to catch and remove violence Facebook will hire 3,000 more people over the next year to speed up the removal of videos showing murder, suicide and other violent acts. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters Puerto Rico announces $70 billion debt restructuring CNBC's Leslie Picker reports that Puerto Rico has announced intent to trigger restructuring of the territory's debt to bondholders. CNBC Why does this Doritos bag play music? Doritos has teamed up with Marvel for a limited-edition Doritos bag that plays the soundtrack to 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2.' Plug headphones into the bag, hit play on the faux cassette player, and transport back to the '80s. CNN Money SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Arizona woman discovers note from 'Chinese prisoner' in purse bought at Walmart FOX News See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Facebook to add 3,000 workers to catch and remove violence Reuters1:30 Puerto Rico announces $70 billion debt restructuring CNBC0:56 Why does this Doritos bag play music? CNN Money1:28 Apple too dependent on iPhone? Fox Business4:29 UK says it won't be paying $100 billion Brexit 'divorce bill' Veuer0:53 It'll cost you $10,000 to get a first-class suite on Japan's new luxury train Business Insider1:14 Hulu launches live TV streaming service Wochit Tech0:47 Box proves women are 'smoother' drivers BBC News2:31 Africa cocoa producers losing to low global prices Reuters1:41 Medical marijuana is safe from a federal crackdown for now Newsy1:02 Infosys is hiring thousands of American workers CNBC0:56 The best things to buy in May Money Talks News1:17 These counterfeit 'supernotes' almost tricked the Secret Service Science Channel1:35 Gander Mountain is closing a bunch of stores Veuer0:48 Interns at these companies are earning major cash Buzz601:14 The man who builds Lego for a living CNN Money1:55 UP NEXT Video by Fox News Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 75.76 +0.24 +0.32% The next time you buy a jacket, a purse or accessories, check the pockets, nooks and crannies. An Arizona woman said she found a handwritten paper note that could represent a plea for help from a distraught worker, possibly a prisoner, at an unidentified Walmart supplier in China — the latest in a series of mystery notes that pop up from time to time describing harsh labor conditions in Third World countries. Christel Wallace, of the Sierra Vista area, said she found a small folded piece of paper with Chinese-style characters in a purse she bought at a local Walmart in March. The situation became a national news story when her former daughter-in-law, Laura Wallace, posted the note on Facebook with a request for help translating it. Television station KVOA in Tucson first reported the story. Tim Steller of the Arizona Daily Star, who later interviewed the women, cautioned that it's hard to tell if the note might be a hoax, though he indicated the coarse paper and crude writing could point to its authenticity. Attempts by The Republic to contact the Wallaces were unsuccessful. Translators identified the language as Chinese and said the writer indicated he or she was a prisoner in Guangxi, in southern China. The writing describing a routine where inmates work 14-hour days, are subject to beatings, are fed poor-quality food and are paid meagerly. "Most ... Walmart supplier factories in China have very poor labor conditions," said Li Qiang, executive director of China Labor Watch, a group in New York that advocates for supply chain transparency and improved factory conditions. Load Error A Walmart spokeswoman indicated the company was aware of the situation but didn't comment on suppliers in China or elsewhere. “We’re making contact with the customer and appreciate her bringing this to our attention," said Ragan Dickens, the company's director of national media relations, in an email to The Republic. "With the information we have, we are looking into what happened so we can take the appropriate actions.” Such notes have been found in the past. They included a message found in a pair of pants at a Primark store in Belfast, Northern Ireland, and a communication found in Halloween decorations at a Kmart in Oregon. Walmart, the world's largest retailer, buys products from more than 100,000 suppliers around the world and is known for driving hard bargains. Walmart said in a corporate filing that suppliers "are subject to standards of conduct, including requirements that they comply with local labor laws, local worker-safety laws and other applicable laws." Still, the company, the second-largest employer in Arizona with roughly 34,000 workers in the state, acknowledged that there are many risks to relying on such an extensive supply chain. "Our ability to find qualified suppliers who uphold our standards, and to access products in a timely and efficient manner, is a significant challenge, especially with respect to suppliers located and goods sourced outside the U.S.," the company said. Given the extensive volume of consumer products imported into the U.S. — clothing, shoes, handbags, luggage, furniture, vehicles and much more — it's perhaps remarkable that such notes don't materialize more often. "This situation is rare," said Li Qiang, commenting on prison workers, "but still exists." Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Where to celebrate Cinco de Mayo USA TODAY Explore mezcal's remote origins in Oaxaca USA TODAY Treasury considering 'ultra-long' bonds USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Free Star Wars figure with select purchase Hurry! Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Introducing the new Surface Laptop Perfect for mom! Save up to $50 on Fitbit Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newspoliticsmusichoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Contact Us Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 327 News Business News Arizona Woman Reportedly Discovers Hidden Note from Chinese Prison Laborer? Other letters asking for help have been found inside items purchased at Saks Fifth Avenue and Kmart. By Arturo Garcia May 3rd, 2017 327 An Arizona woman’s shopping discovery is the latest instance in a string of reports involving notes penned by Chinese labor prisoners that have purportedly been found inside U.S. goods. According to KVOA-TV, which first reported the story, Christel Wallace found a note written in Chinese inside a purse she bought at a Walmart near Tucson. A published translation of the note read as follows: Inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China are working 14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn’t finish his work will be beaten. Their meals are without oil and salt. Every month, the boss pays the inmate 2000 yuan, any additional dishes will be finished by the police. If the inmates are sick and need medicine, the cost will be deducted from the salary. Prison in China is unlike prison in America, horse cow goat pig dog (literally, means inhumane treatment). Walmart has declined to comment in response to queries regarding their suppliers (in China or elsewhere), but the company’s national media relations director, Ragan Dickens, sent us a statement regarding Wallace’s discovery: We’re making contact with the customer and appreciate her bringing this to our attention. With the information we have, we are looking into what happened so we can take the appropriate actions. Walmart has also been criticized by the advocacy group China Labor Watch, which has accused the company of exploiting workers. The group’s executive director, Li Qiang, told us on 2 May 2017 that it is rare for prison laborers to attempt to communicate their situation for fear of punishment. Speaking through a translator, Qiang told us that the company submits production contracts to factories with a low budget: Regular factories can’t afford such [a] low budget to produce the products. Usually what happens after is Walmart contracts with [a] prison that will accept the low budget to produce its products. Dickens provided a separate statement regarding Qiang’s accusation, saying: We care that our products are sourced responsibly and transparently, and we take these allegations seriously. We require from our suppliers that all labor in their supply chains is voluntary. It is false that Walmart does any labor contracting from prisons. While the author of the letter Wallace discovered has not been identified, similar notes have been found in purchases from other major U.S. retailers. In September 2012, a New York City woman discovered a handwritten note pleading for help inside a shopping bag she bought at Saks Fifth Avenue. The person who wrote that letter was identified as Tohnain Emmanuel Njong, a Cameroonian national who was imprisoned under fraud charges in the city of Qingdao at the time he wrote it. It read in part: “We are ill-treated and work like slaves for 13 hours every day producing these bags in bulk in the prison factory.” Njong was released in December 2013. A month after Njong’s letter was discovered, an Oregon woman reported finding a prisoner’s letter inside a box of Halloween decorations she bought at Kmart. The letter asked anyone who found it to notify the World Human Right Organization, adding, “Thousands people here who are under the persecution of the Chinese Communist Party Government will thank and remember you forever.” A 47-year-old Chinese national who asked to be identified only as Zhang told the New York Times in 2013 that he wrote the Kmart letter while imprisoned inside the Masanjia labor camp, saying it was one of about 20 notes he secretly wrote while serving a two-year sentence: For a long time I would fantasize about some of the letters being discovered overseas, but over time I just gave up hope and forgot about them. Of course, it’s always possible that at least some notes of this nature are not on the level and/or are being inserted into products after their arrival in the U.S. and not during the manufacturing process in China. Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Sources Filed Under: arizona china prisons +2 more Saks Fifth Avenue walmart Author: Arturo Garcia Featured Image: Gajus / Shutterstock.com Published: May 2nd, 2017 Updated: May 3rd, 2017 Sources: Jacobs, Andrew.   “Behind Cry for Help from China Labor Camp.”     The New York Times.   11 June 2013. Solomon, Serena.   “Plea for Help from Man Claiming to Be Chinese Prisoner Found in Saks Bag.”     DNAinfo.   29 April 2014. Shaheed, Aalia.   “Sierra Vista Woman Finds Note from ‘Chinese Prisoner’ in Walmart Purse.”     KVOA-TV [Tucson].   25 April 2017. Wiles, Rush.   “Mystery Note Found in Arizona Purports to Detail Harsh Labor at Walmart Supplier in China.”     The Arizona Republic.   2 May 2017. Get Daily Updates From Snopes.com View All Latest Video WomanProsecutedforLaughingDuringJeffSessionsConfirmationHearing? Fact Check Legal Affairs May 3rd, 2017 Desiree Fairooz, a member of the protest group Code Pink, was charged with disorderly conduct after laughing during the introduction of Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions. View All Most Searched 49K Prayer Request: Darkhorse Marine Battalion Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Updated A prayer request for the Darkhorse Marine battalion fighting in Afghanistan is several years old. 22K Women Killed by Poisoned Perfume Samples? Fact Check September 11th Updated A very old hoax about "Glen Eagles" hospital and deaths from poisoned perfume samples has reappeared on Facebook. 33K Prayer Request: Child Shot by Nail Gun Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Updated A prayer request about a 22-month-old child who shot himself in the heart with a nail gun is several years old. 4K Tornado Carries Mobile Home 130 Miles, Family Inside Unharmed? Fact Check Fake News Updated Reports that a tornado carried a mobile home for 130 miles and left the residents inside unharmed are fake news. 9K $75 Bed Bath & Beyond Coupon? Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Apr 28th, 2017 Another Facebook coupon scam has appeared, this time using phony Bed Bath & Beyond coupons to lure users into participating. View All Most Shared 10K Lowe’s Coupon Scam Fact Check Inboxer Rebellion Updated What appears to be a $100 (or $50) coupon giveaway by Lowe's is actually a scam. 7K Was a Protester Throwing Explosives Into a Berkeley Crowd Before She Was Punched? Fact Check Crime Apr 20th, 2017 There's no evidence Louise Rosealma was using a glass bottle she appeared to be holding as an incendiary device. 46K Did a 1950s TV Episode Feature a Character Named Trump Who Offered to Build a Protective Wall? Fact Check Entertainment Jan 9th, 2017 An episode of the 1950s western TV series 'Trackdown' featured a character named Walter Trump who claimed he would build a wall in order to protect a town from the end of the world. 4K Did Jeff Sessions Say He’s Amazed a Judge ‘On an Island in the Pacific’ Can Block Executive Orders? Fact Check Politics Apr 20th, 2017 The Trump administration's Attorney General expressed his amazement on a radio talk show. 15K Ted Nugent Dodged the Draft? Fact Check Political News Updated Rumor holds that conservative rocker Ted Nugent evaded the Vietnam-era draft by taking drugs and acting crazy during his pre-induction physical. More from Snopes What’s New About Us Hot 50 Fact Check Staff Random News FAQ RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by Snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the Snopes.com logo are registered service marks of Snopes.com Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK Copy this http://www.snopes.com/2017/05/02/letter-prison-laborer/ ×
Marana police asking for help identifying shoplifting suspects - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace ADVERTISEMENT Jennifer Taylor Slideshow: PHOTOS: KOLD News 13 May 2017 Mugshots Marana police asking for help identifying shoplifting suspects 2017-05-02T23:46:11Z2017-05-03T00:01:29Z By Tucson News Now Staff Email Connect desk@tucsonnewsnow.com Shoplifting suspect (Source: Marana Police Department) Shoplifting suspect (Source: Marana Police Department) MARANA, AZ (Tucson News Now) - The Marana Police Department is asking for the public's help identifying two males who are suspected of shoplifting televisions from Walmart.   According to a recent release, the incident occurred on Feb. 20, 2017 when the two males entered the Walmart at 8280 North Cortaro Road.  The suspects selected several big screen televisions from a display and then left the store without paying. They were seen leaving the parking lot in a red Dodge minivan.   Later that same day, according to MPD release, the two suspects returned to the same store and attempted to steal several big screen televisions. However this second time they were stopped by Walmart Loss Prevention, they managed to leave the store and avoid getting caught.  The release stated the second time they were seen getting into a white extended cab truck.  CRIME COVERAGE: The KOLD News 13 mugshots of the month are available HERE. Anyone with information on these two is asked to call the Marana Police Department at (520) 382-2000 or 88-CRIME.  MOBILE USERS: Download our app on your Apple and Android devices. Copyright 2017 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved. Crime & CourtsMore>> UPDATE: Mesa police say special-needs toddler found UPDATE: Mesa police say special-needs toddler found Updated: Thursday, May 4 2017 12:34 AM EDT2017-05-04 04:34:51 GMT Source: Mesa Police Department One-year-old Taya Cabanillas has been found safe. One-year-old Taya Cabanillas has been found safe. breaking Police identify victim in fatal shooting Police identify victim in fatal shooting Updated: Thursday, May 4 2017 12:21 AM EDT2017-05-04 04:21:44 GMT One man was killed in the shooting, police say. The suspects have not yet been detained. One man was killed in the shooting, police say. The suspects have not yet been detained. 3 On Your Side $9K stolen from Valley man's bank account is returned $9K stolen from Valley man's bank account is returned Posted: Wednesday, May 3 2017 12:32 PM EDT2017-05-03 16:32:38 GMT Updated: Thursday, May 4 2017 12:21 AM EDT2017-05-04 04:21:09 GMT (SOURCE: 3TV/CBS 5) After two months, a Scottsdale man finally gets his $9,000 returned to his bank account with 3 On Your Side's help. After two months, a Scottsdale man finally gets his $9,000 returned to his bank account with 3 On Your Side's help. Vandal damages 'A' Mountain gate Vandal damages 'A' Mountain gate Updated: Thursday, May 4 2017 12:12 AM EDT2017-05-04 04:12:45 GMT "A" Mountain (Source: http://www.visittucson.org/) The upper gate is so damaged that it can no longer close, and until the gate can be repaired or replaced only the lower gate will be secured. The upper gate is so damaged that it can no longer close, and until the gate can be repaired or replaced only the lower gate will be secured. Pima County tightens hands-free ordinance Pima County tightens hands-free ordinance Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 10:46 AM EDT2017-05-03 14:46:27 GMT (Source: Tucson News Now) The ordinance means drivers cannot use any handheld electronic device while driving unless they are using a hands-free set-up. The ordinance means drivers cannot use any handheld electronic device while driving unless they are using a hands-free set-up.    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Homeowner holds burglars at gunpoint Homeowner holds burglars at gunpoint Posted: Wednesday, May 3 2017 7:29 AM EDT2017-05-03 11:29:49 GMT Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 7:29 AM EDT2017-05-03 11:29:49 GMT Five people were arrested for attempted burglary when police arrived. Five people were arrested for attempted burglary when police arrived. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Crime May 3, 2017 11:40 pm 7 bounty hunters face murder charges after shooting at wrong car By Sheila Burke The Associated Press ; This combo of booking photos released by the Clarksville, Tenn., Police Department shows, top row from left, William L. Byles, Kenneth Chiasson, Antwon D. Keesee and Jonathan Schnepp; bottom row from left, Roger D. West, Prentice L. Williams and Joshua Young. Clarksville Police Department via AP What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Seven bounty hunters who descended on the wrong car outside a Wal-Mart have been indicted on first-degree murder charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another, Tennessee police announced Wednesday. The charges come after a chaotic scene in Clarksville on April 23, where police said the bounty hunters shot at the four people in the sedan and chased them for seven miles. Not one of the men in the sedan was wanted on outstanding charges. Story continues below In fact, the Clarksville bounty hunters were looking for someone else, and there is no indication that any of the victims fired at the defendants or were even armed, police spokesman Jim Knoll said in an email. Bail bondsmen are empowered to hire or act as bounty hunters to bring in people who violate the terms of jail bonds, but they can’t use deadly force unless it’s self-defence. Killed was 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three from Clarksville. His family called him an innocent man who died in an act of terrorizing violence. Johnson’s uncle, Toni Jenkins, told The Associated Press that his nephew and the three men in the car with him had no idea why people would suddenly block their car in the Wal-Mart parking lot. Fearing an attack by gang members, they tried to flee. The bounty hunters, Jenkins said, started shooting in the parking lot and continued to fire on them during the chase, even ramming the Nissan along the way. Clarksville police would not confirm or deny these details, but authorities have said they are troubled by how the bounty hunters put people at risk. The Montgomery County grand jury charged all seven men with first-degree felony murder, three counts of attempted second-degree murder, three counts of especially aggravated kidnapping, attempted especially aggravated kidnapping, four counts of aggravated assault, employing a firearm in commission of a dangerous felony and felony reckless endangerment, police said. Some of the men charged were bonding agents and others were strictly bounty hunters, Knoll said. The men charged include: William L. Byles, 31; Kenneth Chiasson, 38; Antwon D. Keesee, 32; Jonathan Schnepp, 31; Roger D. West, 31; Prentice L. Williams, 34 and Joshua Young, 27. They do not yet have court dates or attorneys listed, the Montgomery County Circuit Court Clerk’s office said. All the men are from Clarksville, a city about 50 miles (80 kilometres) northwest of Nashville near the Kentucky state line. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Clarksville Clarksville 7 Clarksville bounty hunter killing Clarksville bounty hunters Clarksville Tennessee Jalen Johnson Editor's Picks Lifestyle The couples who found love on an app destined for casual hook-ups Canada Marijuana will be legal, but for many activists the fight isn't over Canada Why Canada wins, but many Torontonians lose, from Ontario's new housing measures Canada Inside Canada's flexible work economy. Who's the real winner here? Canada Analysis: Canada’s Charter remains a flawed document that no politician dares try to fix Canada Could you handle a 33 per cent interest-rate hike on your debt? If not, start paying it off now Canada Analysis: On the eve of Malala visit, it’s clear we could use more feminist prime ministers FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now 7 bounty hunters face murder charges after shooting at wrong car 21833 Belize police detain two suspects in death of Francesca Matus, Drew DeVoursney: reports 5512 Here are the Canadians most likely to get a tax audit this year 5073 'I did it': Police investigating Reddit post describing Ontario woman's murder 3600 Alec Baldwin calls Donald Trump 'head writer at 'SNL'' 3363 Sponsored content Popular Videos Parents of children rescued from overturned car in Texas flood meet with strangers who saved their lives WATCH NOW Erin Moran, ‘Happy Days’ star, dies at 56 WATCH NOW Bystanders pull infant from overturned car as floodwaters rise in Texas WATCH NOW Alec Baldwin back as Donald Trump in ‘SNL’ to ‘junk’ tough questions at town hall WATCH NOW Missing Canadian woman and boyfriend found dead in Belize: reports WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Local Ads Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Local Ads Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 66° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 66° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Man sent to hospital after two-vehicle wreck May 3, 2017 at 9:45 p.m. Updated May 3, 2017 at 11 p.m. Senior Patrol Officer Mark Hayden reports to crash involving a motorcycle. A Kawasaki Ninja motorcycle traveling east on Houston Highway stuck a Ford Crown Victoria attempting to make left onto the highway from a Walmart parking lot. The motorcyclist's helmet was found in a ditch near the road.   Angela Piazza for The Victoria Advocate A Victoria man was sent to a hospital Wednesday after being involved in a two-vehicle wreck. A Ford Crown Victoria, driven by Pamela Higginbothom, 63, of Victoria, was exiting Wal-Mart about 3:20 p.m. in the 4000 block of Houston Highway about to turn west, said Senior Patrol Officer Mark Hayden, of the Victoria Police Department. A Kawasaki Ninja motorcycle, driven by Guadalupe Vasquez, 20, of Victoria, was eastbound on Houston Highway and ran into the Ford Crown Victoria as it pulled in front of him, Hayden said. Information about any citation was not available Wednesday because the case is under investigation, said Sgt. Lee Lemmons, of the Victoria Police Department. Vasquez was sent to DeTar Hospital Navarro, but his condition was not available. RELATED City applies for pedestrian improvement projects Food service inspections Family recipe still available at Limon's BBQ Blotter Conditions right for lovebugs -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 133  VISD teacher on leave after complaint 14  Victoria Advocate to move printing to Corpus Christi 10  Saxet Lake Park could get new name 05  7 sent to hospital after two-vehicle collision 05  UHV to begin search for new president Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 68° View Live Radar Fri H 55° L 46° Sat H 71° L 47° Sun H 70° L 45° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Seven bounty hunters charged with murder after shooting at wrong car in Tennessee Seven bounty hunters charged with murder after shooting at wrong car in Tennessee May 3rd, 2017 by Associated Press in Breaking News This combo of booking photos released by the Clarksville, Tenn., Police Department shows, top row from left, William L. Byles, Kenneth Chiasson, Antwon D. Keesee and Jonathan Schnepp; bottom row from left, Roger D. West, Prentice L. Williams and Joshua Young. Tennessee police say the seven bounty hunters and bail bondsmen have been indicted on first-degree murder and other charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another. Authorities say 24-year-old Jalen Johnson and another man were wounded April 23, 2017, after the bounty hunters and bail bondsmen confronted Johnson and his three friends in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Clarksville, Tenn. Police said that neither Johnson nor his three friends had outstanding warrants. (Clarksville Police Department via AP) Photo by Associated Press /Times Free Press. NASHVILLE, Tenn. — Seven bounty hunters who descended on the wrong car outside a Wal-Mart have been indicted on first-degree murder charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another, Tennessee police announced Wednesday. The charges come after a chaotic scene in Clarksville on April 23, where police said the bounty hunters shot at the four people in the sedan and chased them for seven miles. Not one of the men in the sedan was wanted on outstanding charges. In fact, the Clarksville bounty hunters were looking for someone else, and there is no indication that any of the victims fired at the defendants or were even armed, police spokesman Jim Knoll said in an email. Bail bondsmen are empowered to hire or act as bounty hunters to bring in people who violate the terms of jail bonds, but they can't use deadly force unless it's self-defense. Killed was 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three from Clarksville. His family called him an innocent man who died in an act of terrorizing violence. Johnson's uncle, Toni Jenkins, told The Associated Press that his nephew and the three men in the car with him had no idea why people would suddenly block their car in the Wal-Mart parking lot. Fearing an attack by gang members, they tried to flee. The bounty hunters, Jenkins said, started shooting in the parking lot and continued to fire on them during the chase, even ramming the Nissan along the way. Clarksville police would not confirm or deny these details, but authorities have said they are troubled by how the bounty hunters put people at risk. The Montgomery County grand jury charged all seven men with first-degree felony murder, three counts of attempted second-degree murder, three counts of especially aggravated kidnapping, attempted especially aggravated kidnapping, four counts of aggravated assault, employing a firearm in commission of a dangerous felony and felony reckless endangerment, police said. Some of the men charged were bonding agents and others were strictly bounty hunters, Knoll said. The men charged include: William L. Byles, 31; Kenneth Chiasson, 38; Antwon D. Keesee, 32; Jonathan Schnepp, 31; Roger D. West, 31; Prentice L. Williams, 34 and Joshua Young, 27. They do not yet have court dates or attorneys listed, the Montgomery County Circuit Court Clerk's office said. All the men are from Clarksville, a city about 50 miles (80 kilometers) northwest of Nashville near the Kentucky state line. More Articles Read previous article Ten things to know for Thursday, May 4 Read next article Gay marriage plaintiff urges opposition to Tennessee bill Chattanooga Times Free Press Latest Articles Strong weather system expected to bring high winds, storms to Chattanooga area President Trump not driving gun sales like Obama did in his presidency Police believe teen girl, man planned for weeks to flee Dayton, Tenn. Pistol whipping, blood licking incident keeps suspected Ringgold, Ga., drug dealer behind bars Hamilton County property assessor to save overtime with new tech Signal Mountain committee: Break from Hamilton Schools must boost quality, bottom line Man shot with flare gun during argument on North Hawthorne Street Georgia losing patience with drug treatment tourists Two Chattanooga area doctors warn against Obamacare repeal effort Seven bounty hunters charged with murder after shooting at wrong car in Tennessee Cleveland man goes to prison for 20 years for being a career criminal Dalton man accused of forcing teenage girls to have sex for money
Music News Entertainment Politics Features Share < br />this article: ‘Cash me outside’ girl threatens to sue Walmart for plagiarism In News by Tosten Burks / May 3, 2017 Share < br />this article: Follow @tostenburks It was only a matter of time before the “Cash me ousside” meme turned into an intellectual property battle. Such is our world, where teens are endlessly pilfered for their youth and blood to feed the gears of capitalism and old people. Danielle Bregoli, the 14-year-old who conjured the phrase on Dr. Phil in December, is threatening to sue Walmart, TMZ reports. The global retailer is currently selling t-shirts, tank-tops, and sweatshirts featuring Bregoli’s full quote from the show, “Cash me ousside, how bow dah,” which she originally directed at a studio audience full of “hoes.” You can purchase the items in several colors, including “Carolina Blue,” “Light Pink,” and “Gold.” According to TMZ, Bregoli’s legal team gave Walmart five days to remove the 15 articles of clothing printed with the phrase from its online store, or else they plan to sue. It’s unclear what legal rights Bregoli has to the slogan, three different variations of which are pending trademarks. Jefferey Perez in North Carolina applied for “CASH ME OUSSIDE, HOW BOW DAH?”, Randall Whitney in North Carolina applied for “CASH ME OUSSIDE HOW BOW DAH”, and Paige Burton in Maryland applied for “CASH ME OUTSIDE, HOW BOUT DAH?” The Walmart merchandise styles the phrase as “Cash Me Outside How Bout Dah.” A Walmart rep told TMZ the company hasn’t seen Bregoli’s letter but it “takes the claims seriously and will investigate.” How bow dah? [TMZ | Screenshot: CBS] Tags: cash me outside, intellectual property, memes, walmart Recommended for you Alaska state senator slaps reporter, who recorded the whole thing Stephen Colbert on #FireColbert controversy: ‘While I would do it again, I would change a few words’ House sets AHCA vote for Thursday, GOP says they have enough votes to pass Fyre Festival ran out of money after spending it all on models and influencers Trump executive order will allow churches to fund political candidates Spicer says it’s ‘literally impossible’ to predict how Zombie Trumpcare will cover pre-existing conditions sign up to get the latest deathandtaxes news Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up More on Death and Taxes How did Larry Sellers' teacher give him a passing grade on his homework? Sean Penn on working with Steve Bannon, the 'Hollywood wannabe' Meet Josh Hall, POTUS's thirstiest wannabe White House intern MUSIC NEWS ENTERTAINMENT POLITICS FEATURES CONTACT US Death and Taxes.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. About Death and Taxes Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune Cloud-filtered sun rays light a lone oak tree in northern Minnesota. Photo: Elizabeth Flores/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Poll: Time for Minnesota to toughen laws for texting drivers In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away U.S. House now is setting up vote on health care bill Thursday Minneapolis Park Board votes for new name for Lake Calhoun Hodges, Harteau meet to discuss new Fourth Precinct inspector Minnesota native running for Virginia governor defends Confederacy Patience, clutch hitting help Twins trounce A's again Peterson takes subtle jabs at Vikings during interview in New Orleans Minneapolis settles lawsuit against 'Rehab Addict' star Nicole Curtis Celebrate the Kentucky Derby with these stylish Minnesota hats 'Google Docs' virus swarming e-mail accounts in MN and far beyond next 421217863 Business briefing: Media, health care pull down stock indexes May 3, 2017 — 8:59pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint STOCKS Media, health care pull down indexes U.S. stocks dipped Wednesday as media and health care companies took losses. The Federal Reserve left interest rates unchanged, but bond yields and banks rose as investors felt rates will increase soon. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index slipped 3.04 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,388.13. The Dow Jones industrial average added 8.01 points to 20,957.90. The Nasdaq composite sank 22.82 points, or 0.4 percent, to 6,072.55. The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies, declined 8.44 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,390.92. MEDIA Hulu joins the live television wars Hulu on Wednesday unveiled its long-awaited streaming app, Hulu with Live TV, which seeks to compete with the likes of SlingTV, DirecTV Now and YouTube TV. The app, which starts at $40 per month, grants access to more than 50 channels and marks the latest step toward a future where consumers can view live cable and broadcast shows from their smartphones, tablets and other Internet-connected devices. The monthly price includes access to Hulu’s existing $9-a-month service. Customers will also be able to add the premium channel Showtime for an extra $9 a month. RETAIL Wal-Mart is working to catch up to Amazon Wal-Mart Stores’s e-commerce chief notes the world’s biggest retailer has plenty of ground to cover as it expands its online business in the face of fierce competition from digital leaders like Amazon.com. “There are certainly areas where we are playing defense, and we’re behind and need to catch up,” Marc Lore, chief executive of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce business, said Wednesday. Wal-Mart put Lore in his current post after buying his company, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion in September. Since then, he has rolled out free two-day shipping for orders more than $35, offered discounts on online merchandise picked up in stores, and acquired brands like outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women’s apparel seller ModCloth. Online sales grew 29 percent over the Christmas holiday quarter. NEWS SERVICES View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away 'Google Docs' virus swarming e-mail accounts in MN and far beyond U prof, 2 other Minnesotans killed in crash in Czech Republic 'Fidget spinners' are all the rage, but some Minnesota schools have had enough Trump tweets don't help: 1st Twitter revenue drop since IPO Amid competition, Verizon loses key customers for first time Verizon readies online launch of TV bundle Business briefing: Market broadly higher as bank stocks surge More From Star Tribune 54 minutes ago NHL playoff roundup: Minus Sidney Crosby, Penguins edge Capitals for 3-1 series lead Forget about revenge for the brutal cross-check that knocked Pittsburgh Penguins star Sidney Crosby out of the playoffs indefinitely. Marc-Andre Fleury didn't want any part… May 3 Scoreboard BASEBALLTWINS MINOR LEAGUE REPORTROCHESTER RED WINGS (CLASS AAA)Rochester 5-1, Buffalo (Blue Jays) 3-4(Game 1)Rochester040 000 1 — 5 7 2Buffalo002 100 0 — 3 8 0W: Hurlbut (2-2, 1.61). L: Grube… May 3 Vikings release Cedric Thompson, former Gophers player The Vikings have released safety Cedric Thompson, a source confirmed Wednesday.Thompson, a former Gophers standout, spent part of last season on the Vikings practice… May 3 San Antonio evens series with Houston at 1-1 Kawhi Leonard had 34 points, eight assists and seven rebounds as the San Antonio Spurs routed the visiting Houston Rockets 121-96 on Wednesday night to… May 3 Aaron Judge goes deep again for the Yankees Slugging sensation leads majors with 13 homers. Top Stories Poll: Time for Minnesota to toughen laws for texting drivers May. 3 In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away 4 minutes ago U.S. House now is setting up vote on health care bill Thursday May. 3 Most Read Aaron Judge goes deep again for the Yankees Vikings release Cedric Thompson, former Gophers player Judge resets rules for Wisconsin voters Canoeist's body recovered from Olmsted County reservoir Fatal police encounters World New Brighton man chooses North Korea to run his first 10K race Le Pen and Macron clash in no holds-barred debate in France Nation 'Google Docs' virus swarming e-mail accounts in MN and far beyond Facebook ramps up its response to violent videos Politics Poll: Time for Minnesota to toughen laws for texting drivers U.S. House now is setting up vote on health care bill Thursday markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Patience, clutch hitting help Twins trounce A's again Reusse: Twins letting Vargas show he could be 'another Big Papi' Vikings Drafting Cook: How often does trading up for a running back work out? Peterson takes subtle jabs at Vikings during interview in New Orleans MN United Loons defender Greenspan likely to stay on loan to Pittsburgh Racism scars European soccer with sanctions still often weak Celebrities Brad Pitt talks Angelina Jolie divorce, giving up alcohol Minnesotan who made viral video 'Chocolate Rain' reminisces after 10 years Super Bowl LII Super Bowl group quietly plans sex trafficking prevention efforts Super Bowl Host Committee will pay back Minneapolis $5 million for services poll Poll: Should the name of Lake Calhoun be changed? 10,000 Takes Why men like me should talk openly about depression Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Miss Minnesota USA's first contestant with Down syndrome 02:46 Mikayla Holmgren demonstrates some dance moves for the camera at Bethel University. Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News South Korean IPOs charge ahead despite tensions Business Standard Wal-Mart seeks anti-corruption certification, in talks with regulators Reuters  |  NEW YORK  May 4, 2017 Last Updated at 04:58 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVe01t ALSO READ Wal-Mart eliminates more corporate jobs Truck smashes into Iowa Wal-Mart store killing 3 people Run-DMC founder sues Amazon.com, Wal-Mart over trademark Wal-Mart's comparable sales miss estimates Wal-Mart to create 10,000 U.S. jobs this year By Kevin Krolicki and Nandita Bose NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Wednesday it was considering getting certified under a new international program that could help companies defend themselves against isolated cases of corruption or poor business practices. The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) developed the so-called anti-corruption compliance program and Wal-Mart is hoping to be the first U.S. company to get certified under it, said Jay Jorgensen, Wal-Mart's executive vice president and global chief ethics and compliance officer. "We have begun looking for a company that would certify us," Jorgensen told the Thomson Reuters Financial and Risk Summit in New York. The ISO is the world's largest developer and publisher of international standards. Jorgensen added that Wal-Mart was interested in seeing the program develop in the United States, with the government laying out its own anti-corruption compliance framework or adopting ISO standards to help protect companies that follow it and defend themselves if something goes wrong. Jorgensen also shared a recent development in which federal agencies have contacted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer about compliance programs. "Over the past couple of months ... some of the federal agencies have reached out to say 'hey do you have any feedback for us, anything we are doing is unreasonable?,'" Jorgensen said. Wal-Mart has given feedback to federal agencies and will continue doing so and the company would also be open to speaking with state regulators about compliance, he said. Jorgensen cited an example of how a broken baby shampoo bottle in California is treated as hazardous waste that retailers have to dispose off through an incinerator. "We would love it if California would say 'hey we would like some feedback," Jorgensen said. Jorgensen, who joined Wal-Mart in 2012, has been instrumental in revamping Wal-Mart's compliance systems around the world and building a dedicated ethics and compliance team. That team has a staff of over 2,300, including over 500 in the United States and over 1,800 in international markets. Since 2013, Wal-Mart has invested more than $141 million in global ethics and compliance systems, Jorgensen said. More recently, Wal-Mart has created licensing teams that monitor the more than 56,000 licenses and permits Wal-Mart needs to operate in global markets using a centralized licensing system that reduces the error of wrongdoing and increases transparency, he said. For the last four years, the Wal-Mart board's compensation committee has conditioned a portion of its most senior executives' compensation on making adequate progress toward annual compliance goals. In its latest compliance report, Wal-Mart said it has achieved over 200 of these board-level objectives, including over 60 that relate specifically to its anti-corruption program. Wal-Mart's ethics and compliance system came into focus after a New York Times report in 2012 found Wal-Mart had engaged in a multi-year bribery campaign to build its Wal-Mart de Mexico business. This was followed by an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice into potential misconduct by Wal-Mart, including violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in some overseas markets including China, Brazil, India and Mexico. In October, Wal-Mart rebuffed a proposal by U.S. prosecutors to pay at least $600 million to settle a corruption probe into the company's practices in markets including Mexico, India and China. So far Wal-Mart has spent about $800 million on legal fees and an internal investigation into the alleged payments and to revamp its compliance systems around the world. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Wal-mart Seeks Anti-corruption Certification | In Talks With Regulators | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Wal-Mart seeks anti-corruption certification, in talks with regulators NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Wednesday it was considering getting certified under a new international program that could help companies defend themselves against isolated cases of corruption or poor business practices. By Kevin Krolicki and Nandita Bose NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Wednesday it was considering getting certified under a new international program that could help companies defend themselves against isolated cases of corruption or poor business practices. The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) developed the so-called anti-corruption compliance program and Wal-Mart is hoping to be the first U.S. company to get certified under it, said Jay Jorgensen, Wal-Mart's executive vice president and global chief ethics and compliance officer. "We have begun looking for a company that would certify us," Jorgensen told the Thomson Reuters Financial and Risk Summit in New York. The ISO is the world's largest developer and publisher of international standards. Jorgensen added that Wal-Mart was interested in seeing the program develop in the United States, with the government laying out its own anti-corruption compliance framework or adopting ISO standards to help protect companies that follow it and defend themselves if something goes wrong. Jorgensen also shared a recent development in which federal agencies have contacted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer about compliance programs. "Over the past couple of months ... some of the federal agencies have reached out to say 'hey do you have any feedback for us, anything we are doing is unreasonable?,'" Jorgensen said. Wal-Mart has given feedback to federal agencies and will continue doing so and the company would also be open to speaking with state regulators about compliance, he said. Jorgensen cited an example of how a broken baby shampoo bottle in California is treated as hazardous waste that retailers have to dispose off through an incinerator. "We would love it if California would say 'hey we would like some feedback," Jorgensen said. Jorgensen, who joined Wal-Mart in 2012, has been instrumental in revamping Wal-Mart's compliance systems around the world and building a dedicated ethics and compliance team. That team has a staff of over 2,300, including over 500 in the United States and over 1,800 in international markets. Since 2013, Wal-Mart has invested more than $141 million in global ethics and compliance systems, Jorgensen said. More recently, Wal-Mart has created licensing teams that monitor the more than 56,000 licenses and permits Wal-Mart needs to operate in global markets using a centralized licensing system that reduces the error of wrongdoing and increases transparency, he said. For the last four years, the Wal-Mart board's compensation committee has conditioned a portion of its most senior executives' compensation on making adequate progress toward annual compliance goals. In its latest compliance report, Wal-Mart said it has achieved over 200 of these board-level objectives, including over 60 that relate specifically to its anti-corruption program. Wal-Mart's ethics and compliance system came into focus after a New York Times report in 2012 found Wal-Mart had engaged in a multi-year bribery campaign to build its Wal-Mart de Mexico business. This was followed by an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice into potential misconduct by Wal-Mart, including violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in some overseas markets including China, Brazil, India and Mexico. In October, Wal-Mart rebuffed a proposal by U.S. prosecutors to pay at least $600 million to settle a corruption probe into the company's practices in markets including Mexico, India and China. So far Wal-Mart has spent about $800 million on legal fees and an internal investigation into the alleged payments and to revamp its compliance systems around the world. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Wal-Mart seeks anti-corruption certification, in talks with regulators By Kevin Krolicki and Nandita Bose NEW YORK (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Wednesday it was considering getting certified under a new international program that could help companies defend themselves against isolated cases of corruption or poor business practices. The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) developed the so-called anti-corruption compliance program and Wal-Mart is hoping to be the first U.S. company to get certified under it, said Jay Jorgensen, Wal-Mart's executive vice president and global chief ethics and compliance officer. "We have begun looking for a company that would certify us," Jorgensen told the Thomson Reuters Financial and Risk Summit in New York. The ISO is the world's largest developer and publisher of international standards. Jorgensen added that Wal-Mart was interested in seeing the program develop in the United States, with the government laying out its own anti-corruption compliance framework or adopting ISO standards to help protect companies that follow it and defend themselves if something goes wrong. Jorgensen also shared a recent development in which federal agencies have contacted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer about compliance programs. "Over the past couple of months ... some of the federal agencies have reached out to say 'hey do you have any feedback for us, anything we are doing is unreasonable?,'" Jorgensen said. Wal-Mart has given feedback to federal agencies and will continue doing so and the company would also be open to speaking with state regulators about compliance, he said. Jorgensen cited an example of how a broken baby shampoo bottle in California is treated as hazardous waste that retailers have to dispose off through an incinerator. "We would love it if California would say 'hey we would like some feedback," Jorgensen said. Jorgensen, who joined Wal-Mart in 2012, has been instrumental in revamping Wal-Mart's compliance systems around the world and building a dedicated ethics and compliance team. That team has a staff of over 2,300, including over 500 in the United States and over 1,800 in international markets. Since 2013, Wal-Mart has invested more than $141 million in global ethics and compliance systems, Jorgensen said. More recently, Wal-Mart has created licensing teams that monitor the more than 56,000 licenses and permits Wal-Mart needs to operate in global markets using a centralized licensing system that reduces the error of wrongdoing and increases transparency, he said. For the last four years, the Wal-Mart board's compensation committee has conditioned a portion of its most senior executives' compensation on making adequate progress toward annual compliance goals. In its latest compliance report, Wal-Mart said it has achieved over 200 of these board-level objectives, including over 60 that relate specifically to its anti-corruption program. Wal-Mart's ethics and compliance system came into focus after a New York Times report in 2012 found Wal-Mart had engaged in a multi-year bribery campaign to build its Wal-Mart de Mexico business. This was followed by an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice into potential misconduct by Wal-Mart, including violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in some overseas markets including China, Brazil, India and Mexico. In October, Wal-Mart rebuffed a proposal by U.S. prosecutors to pay at least $600 million to settle a corruption probe into the company's practices in markets including Mexico, India and China. So far Wal-Mart has spent about $800 million on legal fees and an internal investigation into the alleged payments and to revamp its compliance systems around the world. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ University of Arkansas film focuses on the Arkansas, national strawberry industry Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics House approves resolution to adopt impeachment rules ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Lawmakers end special session with $103 million reserve fund, changes to Arkansas Works Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info Tyson Foods, Cobb-Vantress partner with OneEgg to launch sustainable egg farm in Haiti Video / Podcasts AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Senate President Dismang shares thoughts on healthcare, taxes and executions TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Arkansas executions and playing tennis at the White House with Jay Dickey U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman says healthcare reform has to happen Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail USA Truck posts first quarter loss of $4.9 million, predicts an income gain in the third quarter ATRI releases list of 6 research priorities for 2017 The Supply Side: Wal-Mart suppliers could see new opportunities with Lidl P.A.M. first quarter earnings fall 22%, revenue rises 5% Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Experts say Bonobos makes long-term sense for Wal-Mart BusinessLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 8 hours ago 118 views  Tags: Bonobos Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Partial image from the Bonobos website. Bonobos loyalists aren’t happy with the idea, but retail consultants say the latest acquisition target of Wal-Mart Stores fits well with the retail behemoth’s push to broaden its online presence. Wal-Mart has made no secret it’s shopping for retail category expertise in the form of online specialty acquisitions like the recently announced deals with Moosejaw, ShoeBuy and ModCLoth. Men’s clothier Bonobos is rumored to be the next deal and could cost Bentonville-based Wal-Mart at least $300 million. The specialty online retailer sells items that range in price between $100 and $1,000, significantly higher than apparel sold in Walmart U.S. stores. Oliver Chen, analyst at Cowen & Co., said Bonobos offers a brand-loyal customer base, premium price points, fresh merchandising talent and expertise in a differentiated niche of fashion. In a note to investors Chen said a deal to acquire Bonobos gives Wal-Mart an opportunity to enter a high-margin speciality category and help it better compete with Amazon in the apparel setting. Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart U.S. e Commerce, said acquiring key category expertise is the fastest way to grow market share for the long term. Last month he told investors Wal-Mart was continuing to look for acquisition opportunities on the heels of the ModCloth deal. When asked what categories appealed to the retailer, Lore said apparel and several others have long tails and are worth exploring. Carol Spieckerman, CEO of Spieckerman Retail, said Bonobos is the latest in what is sure to be a string of what she calls “digital-forward niche” acquisitions for Wal-Mart. “Just as with ModCloth and Moosejaw, Bonobos amps up Wal-Mart’s relevance in apparel without requiring adjustments to the in-store and online assortments that appeal to its core customers,” she told Talk Business & Politics. “The acquisition will expand Wal-Mart’s apparel reach and enhance its online search/discoverability while giving Wal-Mart ongoing access to valuable user and shopper data.” She said as Wal-Mart expands its online portfolio, it is feeding new brands, products and content into its digital platforms. Clint Lazenby, founder of #OnShelf and a supplier consultant, also likes the deal for both parties, especially Wal-Mart. “Amazon only has a couple of soft spots with consumers. It would seem from Wal-Mart’s recent M&A strategy they identified apparel as a place they can be on the offense and have a chance to win,” Lazenby said. “It also is important to note the companies being acquired are for the most part targeted at much younger consumers providing us with insight to their focus shopper of the future.” Continuing, he noted: “There is no telling what they can learn from the operational side of the house. Wal-Mart adapted the model of Jet and implemented a new pick up discount model recently. This is a perfect demonstration of the value of good acquisition strategy,” Lazenby added. Chen said the deal would also hold major benefits for Bonobos. Chen said a Bonobos-Wal-Mart deal would give scale and share to Bonobos and catapult Bonobos brand awareness to the masses. He said this assumes the brand doesn’t alienate too many customers by selling out to Wal-Mart. Early reaction from the deal brought some criticism from customer comments on social media platforms that the brand identity would be lost in a Wal-Mart deal. Lore was recently asked about negative feedback on the ModCloth deal from the retailer’s loyal customer base. He said consumers need not worry that Wal-Mart is going to tamper with the brand’s integrity. He said that is why the acquisitions operate as subsidiary companies and maintain their own leadership teams. While Bonobos is primarily an online business the retailer has opened nearly three dozen brick and mortar showrooms where customers can get properly fitted and place orders which are delivered to them at home. These “Guideshops” are located in larger urban cities such as Atlanta, Austin, Bethesda, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Detroit, Houston, Minneapolis, Nashville, Newport Beach, New York City, Philadelphia, San Diego, San Jose, San Francisco, Seattle, Scottsdale and Washington D.C. The website said future locations are planned in Los Angeles, Denver and Lexington, Ky. The consultants agreed that Wal-Mart also knows how to operate physical stores and that will likely benefit Bonobos in its efforts to expand the “Guideshops” footprint. Comments comments Previous post Lumber sales boost Deltic Timber’s first quarter profit Next post Lawmakers end special session with $103 million reserve fund, changes to Arkansas Works Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, drug money, ‘far away eyes,’ and gum and trinkets Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Latest Popular House approves resolution to adopt impeachment rules 6 hours ago ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ 7 hours ago University of Arkansas film focuses on the Arkansas, national strawberry industry 8 hours ago Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods 8 hours ago Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold 8 hours ago Southwestern Energy plans to double drilling in Moorefield Shale in north-central Arkansas 5,189 views Broker, City Director Keith Lau launches plan for new development in downtown Fort Smith  4,673 views Weldon, Williams & Lick to expand in deal with Florida ticket company 2,092 views For banker Johnny Allison, there’s nothing like a little Cuban credit, opportunity and hospitality 2,057 views Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info 1,927 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart seeks anti-corruption certification, in talks with regulators By Reuters Published: 18:56 EDT, 3 May 2017 | Updated: 18:56 EDT, 3 May 2017 e-mail By Kevin Krolicki and Nandita Bose NEW YORK, May 3 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc said on Wednesday it was considering getting certified under a new international program that could help companies defend themselves against isolated cases of corruption or poor business practices. The International Organization for Standardization (ISO) developed the so-called anti-corruption compliance program and Wal-Mart is hoping to be the first U.S. company to get certified under it, said Jay Jorgensen, Wal-Mart's executive vice president and global chief ethics and compliance officer. "We have begun looking for a company that would certify us," Jorgensen told the Thomson Reuters Financial and Risk Summit in New York. The ISO is the world's largest developer and publisher of international standards. Jorgensen added that Wal-Mart was interested in seeing the program develop in the United States, with the government laying out its own anti-corruption compliance framework or adopting ISO standards to help protect companies that follow it and defend themselves if something goes wrong. Jorgensen also shared a recent development in which federal agencies have contacted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer about compliance programs. "Over the past couple of months ... some of the federal agencies have reached out to say 'hey do you have any feedback for us, anything we are doing is unreasonable?,'" Jorgensen said. Wal-Mart has given feedback to federal agencies and will continue doing so and the company would also be open to speaking with state regulators about compliance, he said. Jorgensen cited an example of how a broken baby shampoo bottle in California is treated as hazardous waste that retailers have to dispose off through an incinerator. "We would love it if California would say 'hey we would like some feedback," Jorgensen said. Jorgensen, who joined Wal-Mart in 2012, has been instrumental in revamping Wal-Mart's compliance systems around the world and building a dedicated ethics and compliance team. That team has a staff of over 2,300, including over 500 in the United States and over 1,800 in international markets. Since 2013, Wal-Mart has invested more than $141 million in global ethics and compliance systems, Jorgensen said. More recently, Wal-Mart has created licensing teams that monitor the more than 56,000 licenses and permits Wal-Mart needs to operate in global markets using a centralized licensing system that reduces the error of wrongdoing and increases transparency, he said. For the last four years, the Wal-Mart board's compensation committee has conditioned a portion of its most senior executives' compensation on making adequate progress toward annual compliance goals. In its latest compliance report, Wal-Mart said it has achieved over 200 of these board-level objectives, including over 60 that relate specifically to its anti-corruption program. Wal-Mart's ethics and compliance system came into focus after a New York Times report in 2012 found Wal-Mart had engaged in a multi-year bribery campaign to build its Wal-Mart de Mexico business. This was followed by an investigation by the U.S. Department of Justice into potential misconduct by Wal-Mart, including violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act in some overseas markets including China, Brazil, India and Mexico. In October, Wal-Mart rebuffed a proposal by U.S. prosecutors to pay at least $600 million to settle a corruption probe into the company's practices in markets including Mexico, India and China. So far Wal-Mart has spent about $800 million on legal fees and an internal investigation into the alleged payments and to revamp its compliance systems around the world. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in New York; Editing by Tom Brown) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Take that, haters! Kim Kardashian shares sexy photo of her backside during 'crazy' Mexico vacation after body shamers attacked her Hitting back Pregnant Beyonce looks exhausted while furniture shopping in LA with mini-me daughter Blue Ivy as she prepares for the arrival of her twins I expect you to diet, Mr Bond! Daniel Craig appears to have put on weight around his midriff as he steps out for a stroll in London  New look 'I'm completely clean right now': Miley Cyrus talks quitting weed and 'refalling back in love' with Liam Hemsworth in candid new interview Starting afresh 'I lick Nutella off a loaded teaspoon': Melanie Sykes, 46, shows off her rippling abs in an extreme plunging cut-out bikini for fitness photoshoot   Mark Wright lands massive TV role in the US... as his wife Michelle Keegan prepares to jet off for up to eight months to film new scenes for Our Girl Stephanie Davis posts worryingly incoherent 'cheat' tweet while on holiday with Jeremy McConnell... just a day after revealing they want baby number two Inside the flight from hell that ended their marriage: Angelina Jolie told Brad Pitt to 'sober up' and 'secretly sent kids to a hotel' after jet landed Blue bloods! Bella and Gigi Hadid coordinate in cobalt as they head out and about in NYC The sisters were heading out to dinner in the Big Apple Working the bump! Beyonce shows off her growing baby belly in new video on Instagram Beyonce would like to remind the world she is pregnant with twins She's got some front! Busty Kim Kardashian flashes cleavage as she steps out in Hollywood... after revealing she has trust issues after Paris robbery 'I can't trust anyone': Kim Kardashian reveals the Paris robbery has left her terrified and emotionally scarred nearly eight months later Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry bears striking resemblance to 'inspiration' Kylie Jenner as she shows off her VERY full pout in Instagram snap   star in a new selfie. Peep show! Ariel Winter flashes cleavage in eye-popping dress for Modern Family screening Season Eight finale screening 'I think about having children': Naomi Campbell, 46, discusses her desire to welcome a baby 'with the help of science' as she recalls addiction issues 'It can never be the same again!' Megan McKenna and Chloe Meadows clash in TOWIE season finale... while she flirts with ex Pete Wicks 'Celebrating her life': Scott Baio reunites with Happy Days cast at Erin Moran memorial after controversially attributing her cancer death to drugs Roxanne Pallett dramatically leaves musical The Wedding Singer and 'flees the country'... four months before the UK tour is scheduled to end 'Until next time': Pregnant Serena Williams highlights her growing baby bump in grey dress as she leaves NYC after stunning at Met Gala Pregnant Danielle Lloyd dons plunging mini dress as she links arms with fiancé Michael O'Neill on her way to Megan McKenna's restaurant launch Bumper party! Lingerie-clad Ashley Graham twerks booty-to-booty with male friend in BTS Snapchat video She's an outspoken advocate for curves 'I can't trust anyone': Kim Kardashian reveals the Paris robbery has left her terrified and emotionally scarred nearly eight months later Is he in-Zayn? Perrie Edwards' footballer beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain lets slip that he is a 'fan' of her ex fiancé's music Susanna's eating up her rivals in the battle for breakfast TV: Presenter credited with helping Good Morning Britain soar past one million viewers  Three Musketeers! Kate Wright poses with TOWIE co-stars Amber Dowding and Georgia Kousoulou for her last ever filming snap in VERY busty swimwear All back on the Orient Express! Remake of the classic has a stellar cast including Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Dame Judi Dench and Sir Kenneth Branagh  'Venice is not for us...!' Sam Faiers turns her nose up at $2.3m property in Mummy Diaries... as she reveals Hollywood Walk Of Fame ambitions On the attack! Rob Kardashian compares sister Kylie Jenner, 19, to an 88-year-old grandmother in latest dig at the reality princess Becks' birthday feast: David shares picture of his gammon, mushy peas, chips and pineapple as marks his 42nd birthday with his 'dinner of choice'  TOWIE star Megan McKenna sports a silky figure-enhancing trouser suit as she's supported by best pal Amber Turner at the launch of her restaurant  She's still got IT! Helena Christensen is gorgeous in sexy off-the-shoulder black dress at NYC charity gala Looking youthful Sofia Vergara rocks stunning black and white dress as she shows off her enviable body at Modern Family screening Looked ravishing  'Songwriting is a form of therapy': Lea Michele talks finding hope in new music four years after death of love Cory Monteith Tragic passing 'Back in LA!': Svelte Tara Reid celebrates returning home by flashing the flesh in a revealing bikini snapsnot  Looking good Bet he always draws first slice! Sylvester Stallone shows off Rambo physique at 70 as he boasts eating pizza is a 'pretty good habit' 'Not long now!': Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley flaunts washboard stomach in bikini throwback snap... as she counts down the days until summer Entire Queen's household is called to 'highly unusual' emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace today as speculation mounts over reason 'They have a mutual love for each other': Ed Sheeran performs private concert for adoring 10-year-old superfan with a rare brain condition 'Get your s**t together': First trailer for Defenders sees Luke Cage, Daredevil, Jessica Jones and Iron Fist unite to take on Sigourney Weaver Gamora and Drax! Zoe Saldana sizzles in sheer-paneled dress as she cuddles up to Dave Bautista at New York screening of Guardians Of The Galaxy 'What the heck is tartear sauce John?' Masterchef judge's bizarre pronunciation of condiment baffles the internet Unimpressed Those are some kinky boots! Chrissy Teigen wears racy thigh-high footwear as she dines al fresco with her mom in Beverly Hills 'My cellulite does not define my worth!': Model Ashley Graham poses NUDE for V Magazine as she reveals she was 'disgusted' with her body as a teen Kate Moss' daughter Lila Grace lands first fashion campaign at 14 despite her supermodel mother's extreme lengths to shelter her from the limelight 'Blink and you'll miss her!' Upset Kate Wright fans slam TOWIE producers for 'not giving a f**k' that she's leaving the show... as she only appears in ONE scene  Rihanna flashes some skin in kinky boots and oversize trench coat as she visits Roc Nation headquarters in NYC Opted for an understated look after the Met Gala 'This isn't a fight, it's a grudge': Bethenny Frankel skips Ramona Singer's surprise 60th birthday party on RHONY Tensions continue She's two faced! Rita Ora steps out in New York wearing a bizarre ensemble including a baggy jumper with the image of HERSELF plastered across it 'He did well there!': Niall Horan congratulates 1D bandmate Liam Payne for welcoming baby Bear with 'beautiful' girlfriend Cheryl 'It was like death': Brad Pitt admits drinking too much in run-up to 'self-inflicted' divorce and says he's an 'emotional retard' who 'hit the lottery' but threw it away 'James Bond is part of the fabric of our society': Orlando Bloom reveals he'd love the chance to take over from Daniel Craig as 007 Kim Zolciak makes crude Twitter joke offering up daughter Brielle, 20, for sexual favors in exchange for meeting John Legend Don't Be Tardy star 'Every body is beautiful': Model Iskra Lawrence puts on a busty display as she shows off her curves in racy un-retouched underwear pictures Adele's wealth surges by £40m in just one year: Release of third album helps singer boost her worth to £125m  Big fortune James Stunt backfires with another £900,000 loss for his art-dealing company Stunt Acquisitions... which is now worth £1.89 million, Loss of profits It's raining men! Blac Chyna gets close to hot guys while showing off bra in lace outfit in Miami... as Rob Kardashian is nowhere to be seen Dancing Queen: Professional dancer Shirley Ballas 'selected for second Strictly audition after becoming favourite to replace  Len Goodman' 'I grew up with a learning disability': Social media star Olivia Palermo reveals secret childhood struggle made it harder for her to become fashion's 'It' girl Looking fur a wave! Liam Hemsworth bares his chest and a tuft of hair as he walks to Malibu beach before suiting up for a surf in the California sun . EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Prince William's comparison of Kate's topless pictures and Diana's death seems uncomfortable now Alanis Morissette's ex-manager gets SIX YEARS in prison for stealing $7million from the 'Ironic' singer and other stars Ex-business manager 'So proud!': Jersey Shore vet Snooki shares photo of her daughter Giovanna, two, heading to her first day of school with brother Lorenzo All grown up Babymoon in paradise! Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shows off her small bump in black bikini as they soak up the sun in Maui PICTURED: Kendall Jenner gets cosy with new man A$AP Rocky as she rests on his lap inside the Met Gala... before dancing up a storm with Bella Hadid 'I'm shaking': Nervous Michelle Heaton publicly unveils hysterectomy and C-section scars as she bravely sports bikini live on Loose Women Emotional moment No A-Rod, no smile! Jennifer Lopez does not look amused as she puts in long hours on Shades Of Blue after weeks of hot dates with new beau 'That's close to being in the womb': Geoffrey Rush, 65, jokes over footage of his 27-year-old self as a clown Flashback to his younger years Age-defying Salma Hayek looks fabulous at 50 as she showcases her curves in fitted lace dress to promote How To Be A Latin Lover in Mexico City 'Bear is a splendid name and I'm delighted to have a new viewer!' Judge Rinder thirlled that Cheryl and Liam Payne have been watching his show Hollywood lets its hair down: Braless Halle Berry, twerking Gisele and gyrating Emily Ratajkowski show what REALLY goes on inside the Met Gala EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Sober Brad Pitt works through the night on art project as he attempts to rebuild life after it was 'ripped apart' by his 'boozing' Don't rain on her parade! Victoria Beckham doesn't let the drizzle cramp her style as she arrives in Paris... with her umbrella-carrying bodyguard How Britain got its own Bomb - thanks to a Labour government: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV   Britain's Nuclear Bomb  Ouch! Blac Chyna fails to realize breast implant scar is visible as she shows off underboob in tiny pink bikini top during Miami break Under the knife PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: 'It wasn't as straight forward as first thought': RHOC star Dawn Ward is guided out of hospital by husband Ashley after hysterectomy 'This woman has a questionable background': Drake denies getting a former porn star pregnant during a fling in late January Mel B 'secures five-year restraining order against former nanny Lorraine Gilles... after accusing German beauty of harassing her' Legal action 'The editor of this magazine is an idiot': Sofia Vergara hits back at cover story that claims she is divorcing Joe Manganiello Lashing out Kendall Jenner was paid $250,000 for a single Instagram - but no-one ordered toilets until last month: Inside the bad planning of the Fyre Festival EXCLUSIVE 'My boobs don't define me sexually': Ashley James on THAT slut-shaming incident, her battle with body image and why she's 'tragically single' 9021-0UT! Eden Sassoon says she 'feels free' as she announces she's leaving The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Moving on 'I was a piece of sh**': Chris Rock confesses he was not a 'good husband' to wife of 20 years Malaak and it took time to recover from divorce Just swan-ning around! Love Island's Olivia Buckland wears eye-popping white bikini with fiancé Alex Bowen in Cape Verde... before indulging in sweet kiss 'You're forced to believe in it': Kendra Wilkinson says Marriage Boot Camp therapy helped her relationship with her estranged mother  . Where did they all Go-mez? Selena is the last one left sitting with beau The Weeknd as they nearly clear the table mid-meal at Met Gala 'Happy mama!' Selena Gomez's mom gives new boyfriend The Weeknd her approval saying the couple are the picture of 'equal love' . Baby joy! Joseph Gordon-Levitt steps out with pregnant wife Tasha McCauley as they prepare to welcome second child Not long to go Back in the dating game! Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is seen with Lady Nadia Essex outside Catch in LA Keira Knightley is the picture of sophistication in black slip dress and gold heels as she cosies up to husband James Righton at Chanel Cruise 2018 show  'I'm in agony!' Lauren Goodger takes to Snapchat to reveal her pain at intense training regime in quest to reach size 'small' Training woes Explicit drama Versailles is set to shock with ANOTHER graphic sex scene as Madame de Montespan strips off to romp with King Louis XIV One's on Facebook! She's 91 but Royal author BRIAN HOEY reveals the Queen sends texts, has smart phone and iPad - and social media account Coordinated couple! Joe Jonas and Game Of Thrones beauty Sophie Turner match in double denim while arm-in-arm in New York Young love Liv Tyler's adorable children Lula Rose and Sailor strike a pose they join Candice Swanepoel's son Anacã in fun new shoot for fashion giant Gap 'Hi, 13 Reasons Why!' Amy Schumer reminisces about teenage bullying and her seriously 'sweaty' Met Gala gown Had 'curly bangs' Going for laughs! Joshua Jackson has a mystery woman in fits of laughter as they hug it out after low-key lunch date  New friend  Back to work! Mila Kunis wears holiday apron on Bad Mom's Christmas set as she makes first film since welcoming son Dimitri five months ago Controversy on the catwalk: Met Gala honoree Comme des Garçons is criticized for not using a single black model in over TWENTY years Jennifer Lopez and Katy Perry to be featured in James Corden's Carpool Karaoke primetime special Head to head Vin Diesel wishes co-star Dwayne Johnson a happy 45th birthday following on-set 'feud' last year Said rift was 'blown out of proportion' Emmerdale's controversial rape scene sparks 99 Ofcom complaints following criticism that it was 'too disturbing' to air pre-watershed 'She has so much f*****g courage': Hugh Jackman proclaims love for wife of 21 years in a gushing interview - just months after shutting down divorce rumors Camel-flage! Jennifer Lawrence shoots scenes for Russian spy film in tan coat, a tight black polo neck and a blonde wig at London Heathrow Airport Trailer for Becoming Cary Grant documentary unveils never-seen footage of the late star who used LSD to combat childhood trauma When the wind gets in the way! Dakota Johnson's hair whips in her face as she models chic black suit while leaving NYC hotel Windswept Moray Watson who starred alongside Catherine Zeta-Jones in Darling Buds of May has died aged 88  Played the Brigadier in the 1990s drama Something to smile about! Mad Men vet Elisabeth Moss beams in colorful mini as news breaks her show The Handmaid's Tale has been renewed 'We're together when it counts': Mariah Carey admits she is close to ex Nick Cannon for sake of kids... amid rumors of romantic reunion Her Hero Springing into brunch! Reese Witherspoon flashes her legs in denim skirt and bright top after morning workout session Think pink Fans go wild as cheeky reality star Stephen Bear Photoshops snap of Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son Bear  Bears a resemblance Dressed to kill: Jo Whiley on her wardrobe treasure and her fashion faux pas BBC Radio 2 DJ spills the beans about her dress sense  Kate reveals she and William keep a menagerie of animals including a lamb and FIVE chickens as she joins inner-city kids at a farm in Gloucester Silly Sarah! Miss Silverman flashes her black bra in semi-sheer baby doll dress with thigh highs as she hits Hulu Upfronts in NYC Quirky Spring blues? Kaley Cuoco looks strained as she carries a mini dress into NYC hotel while holding hands with beau Karl Cook Sports casual Lovely in lace! Zoe Saldana dazzles in sheer white top as she stops by NYC radio show ahead of Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 release Love Island's Hannah Elizabeth and TOWIE's George Harrison show off their sensational figures in VERY skimpy bikinis as they live it up by the pool in Barcelona She's a real team player: Footie fans Princess Charlene and Prince Albert don matching scarves as they cheer on Monaco in UEFA semi-final 'We've been friends for years': Hailee Steinfeld keeps it casual cool as she DENIES dating Justin Bieber in radio interview No romance here 'Being called fat and ugly hurts': Ed Balls reveals he's been a victim of body shaming... as he admits he's 'thickened out' since Strictly 'I couldn't ask for a more perfect man!': Coronation Street's Sonia Ibrahim is engaged to long-term boyfriend following romantic proposal  Cara Delevingne undergoes ANOTHER transformation as she dons pink wig for latest movie... after showcasing shaved head at the MET Gala 'The response has been absolutely incredible': Hulu announces The Handmaid's Tale with Elisabeth Moss has been renewed  'He was excited and positive': Home movies show Heath Ledger was in a happy place in days before his death, documentary maker reveals  'I've never felt so stupid in my life': Chris Rock told Michelle Obama she could join The View or Housewives of Atlanta after leaving the White House Rising star Ellie Bamber oozes glamour in chic top and saucy thigh-high split skirt as she leads arrivals for Chanel's era-defining Cruise show in Paris A star is born! Paris Jackson to make her film debut alongside Joel Edgerton in 'untitled' project directed by actor's brother Nash Model family! Supermodel Doutzen Kroes steps out in a laid back look with her stylish husband and children for casual stroll Family fun Who says blondes have all the fun? Amber Rose looks unrecognisable as she swaps signature buzz cut for glossy brunette curls at NYLON party Give us a wave! Youthful Tom Cruise looks windswept as he dazzles fans with a cheeky grin on set of Mission Impossible 6 in Paris 'I was so touched': Siobhan Fahey admits she burst into tears when she was asked to join Bananarama's reunion tour 30 years after she quit the band Alexa Chung cuts a casual figure in a belted trenchcoat as she enjoys a solo stroll after romantic 24 hours with boyfriend Alexander Skarsgard at Met Gala 'My biggest remaining goal is to be a mother': Single actress Lily Collins, 28, shares her desire to have children Phil Collins' daughter wants a family Now THAT's a megawatt smile! Hailey Baldwin copies Katy Perry by adding TOOTH jewelry to her pearly whites in advance of this year's Met Gala Will Young's 'X-rated images' surface online after singer admits to sharing intimate snaps of his manhood... and Twitter goes wild Viral Lena Dunham 'recuperating at home' after ER visit due to endometriosis Golden Globe winner was forced to leave the Costume Institute Ball  'All hell will be unleashed': Idris Elba's mysterious Gunslinger is on a desperate quest to save humanity in the first official trailer for The Dark Tower Back to her ripped jeans! Emma Roberts cuts a casual figure during solo shopping outing in NYC after looking like a bombshell at Met Gala Storm-y seas! Tallia turns heads in racy fishnet bodysuit and towering heels as she heads to Jersey boat show hand-in-hand with little brother Johnnie Hitting the town in brown! Zoe Saldana stuns in body-clinging chestnut midi for GMA appearance in New York Looked gorgeous in a chestnut colour Ivanka Trump accessorises her leg-baring outfit with heels and a handbag from her own line - after insisting she will NOT use her role to promote her book Don't cha wish you were partying with me? Nicole Scherzinger keeps her look casual chic in cropped vest and wide-legged trousers for girls' night out 'I am not interested in female characters that are objects': Jessica Chastain reveals her desire to play roles that are 'the subject of a script' 'It's become a thing': Kendall Jenner says the annual star-studded bathroom selfie is her favourite Met Gala moment  Above all the glamour Met be love! Joe Jonas cheekily grabs girlfriend Sophie Turner's bottom as they step out after PDA-packed appearance at star-studded Gala Such an honor: Singer Michael Buble set to receive award from Canada's National Arts Centre... following son Noah's cancer treatment 'Happy one year, I love you!': Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle celebrates anniversary with beau Michael Kopech by posting gushing tributes The morning after: Alexa Chung and beau Alexander Skarsgard haul their luggage through NYC after their glam date night at the Met Gala 'Me in a bikini is not evil': Saira Khan reveals sexual abuse she suffered at 13 drove her to strip off for unairbrushed Loose Women shoot  'Momo or Bean?' Hilary Duff adopts a new pug chihuahua mix puppy and asks fans what to call the adorable fur baby  New pup 'He is just truly amazing!' Kim Zolciak updates fans on son Kash's recovery after he was attacked by a dog and needed surgery 'Very traumatic injuries' 'She is determined to have a happy and healthy child': Pregnant Ferne McCann 'taking time out' after ex Arthur Collins is charged over nightclub acid attack 'I have so many body issues': Nadia Sawalha 'snuck off to the pub' during unairbrushed shoot... and admits her daughter's reaction left her in tears Sports Illustrated's Joy Corrigan sets pulses racing as she strips down to skimpy bottoms for sizzling topless shoot on Miami beach Swimsuit model 'Love is everything!' Olivia Culpo packs on the PDA with her NFL beau Danny Amendola during romantic New York City stroll Loved up Alec Baldwin dances with daughter Carmen on Ellen... before reuniting with Ireland for family Disneyland trip He and his princess began bouncing Two ill-fated romances, one chart-topping boy band and a VERY public mental breakdown: As the Mickey Mouse Club returns, what became of the child stars? Suits you! Queen Letizia looks professional in charcoal grey as the former news anchor attends a journalism seminar in Spain  Tennis ace Novak Djokovic's pregnant wife Jelena shows off her burgeoning baby bump in tight floral dress as she watches him train in Spanish sun Robbie Williams' builders told to pay nearly £5k for making too much noise at star's £17m mansion after Led Zeppelin guitar great Jimmy Page complained Caught in his web? Tobey Maguire looks in high spirits as he enjoys day out with mystery leggy blonde... six months after marriage split  'Wow, this is a tough business!': Jessica Biel dishes about the challenge of running her kid-friendly restaurant Au Fudge a year after its debut Jessica Chastain showcases her incredible curves in plunging green figure-hugging wrap dress as she attends Miss Sloane photocall in Spain REVEALED: Barack Obama 'desperately proposed TWICE to his white girlfriend before Michelle - and still kept seeing her while dating former First Lady' 'F is for all the f***ing we do': What Obama's girlfriend wrote to him after 'passionate' sex with future president who liked to party with pot and COCAINE Anything Kim can do... Paris Hilton tries to retake the sexiest socialite crown by showing off her amazing figure in VERY racy lingerie shoot 'Fuming to say the least!' Twitter goes wild as devastated fans demand third series of Peter Kay's Car Share after 'unsatisfactory' finale Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her bump in pretty dress as she celebrates with boyfriend JP and BFF Ollie Locke at ANOTHER baby shower for MIC She's earned her stripes! Christina Milian flashes her cleavage in busty blue ensemble as she leads the glamour at 2nd annual Art For Life event Glad you didn't go? Eddie Redmayne looks fresh faced as he steps out with wife Hannah... after being 'refused entry to Rihanna's Met Gala afterparty' in NYC Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry strips off during RAUCOUS food fight before showering with on-off beau Marty McKenna... as viewers brand antics 'childish'   Fashion over function! After Emma Roberts, Olivia Culpo and Lea Michele step out in button details, FEMAIL rounds up 30 stylish options for YOU to shop Jamelia provokes fury as she bemoans a lack of ethnically diverse dolls in toy stores - prompting This Morning viewers to say SHE is being racist Leggy Bella Thorne flashes a hint of toned tum in a silver mini and cropped tee as she leads the glamour at NYLON party Wild child Lisa Rinna's model daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin displays her svelte frame in a white floral bralet and mini as she steps out with sister Amelia Gray EXCLUSIVE Nigel Farage parties with scantily-clad birthday girl Lizzie Cundy (and a tribe of other Z-list pals) after bonding over their 'shared humour'  Zoe's menopause tip... have more sex: Radio 2 DJ reveals she is going through the change at 46 Zoe has now vowed to 'have more sex'  Perfect Illusion! Lady Gaga belts out a song for 'screaming fans' as she and Bradley Cooper shoot scenes for their upcoming movie remake A Star Is Born Let them eat... burgers! Inside Rihanna's epic post-Met Gala bash where famous friends like Kendall Jenner chowed down on fast food He's back! Brad Pitt does his first magazine shoot since Angelina Jolie split as he stars on THREE GQ covers Returning to the spotlight with style Sophie shows her tough side! The Countess of Wessex dons camouflage as she visits British Army troops in Estonia Brigade Training Wing A sunny disposition! Imogen Thomas flaunts her ample assets and sensational curves in TINY yellow bikini as she frolics on Spanish beach with daughter Siera All by my selfie: Solo Kim Kardashian breaks her strict diet for pizza as she poses for snaps with sister Kylie Jenner after first Met Gala without husband Kanye Kate Hudson's estranged father's business associate 'threatened to publicly smear actress and her brother Oliver after failed film venture' Ouk-hellou boys! TOWIE's Yazmin flaunts her cleavage in a plunging vest as she celebrates her birthday with boyfriend James Lock 'I'm just sick of it!' The Walking Dead star Josh McDermitt quits social media after revealing he has received death threats over character Eugene Porter Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick coos over baby Devereaux in Central Park as she's pictured with Rolling Stones frontman's eighth child for first time Margot Robbie puts on a very leggy display in tiny shorts as she enjoys a lunch date with her mum Sarie Kessler Hollywood actress has home at heart 'It's phenomenal!' Joanna Lumley is set to be honoured with revered BAFTA Fellowship in honour of her stellar 50 year career Svelte Claire Sweeney shows off her TINY waist and hourglass curves in a figure-hugging midi dress at Lizzie Cundy's birthday bash Yo-yo dieter Back to reality: Grimacing Katie Price puts her surgically-enhanced curves on display in a tiny blue bikini as she films for new TV show in Miami Blonde ambition! Cody Simpson's singer sister Alli stands out from the crowd in quirky ensemble at Nylon Young Hollywood party   Knows how to stand out  That'll Garner some attention! Ex-MIC star Kimberley shows off her incredible figure in barely-there white bikini for sizzling swimwear shoot  Kendall Jenner goes braless under sheer lace slashed mini before changing into glamorous Gothic gown as she cuts a regal figure on the cover of VOGUE India Ellie Goulding catches the eye in thigh-skimming multi-coloured minidress as she celebrates the launch of new Burberry accessory 'That lipo bellybutton!' Charlotte Crosby denies having surgery after followers accuse her of sporting 'bizarre stomach' in racy snap Hitting back Ben Affleck has 'moved out' of his home with estranged wife Jennifer Garner... but is 'living close by' to be near their three kids They were living together Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
About Us Submission Guidelines Terms Of Service Privacy Contact Us Comments Posts NEWS Breaking News Crime News Local News POLITICAL NEWS MUSIC AND ENTERTAINMENT Add Your Event OPINION AREA LIFE Businesses Entertainment Events Seniors Sports Events Calendar Podcast Pennsylvania man exposes himself to mother and child in Glen Burnie Walmart EOA Staff | May 3, 2017 On April 30, 2017 at 5:44 p.m., officers responded for an indecent exposure at the Wal-Mart located at 6721 Chesapeake Center Drive in Glen Burnie. Upon arrival, officers spoke with a nine year old female and her mother who stated they were at the Walmart when the child observed a subject expose his penis to her in the store. Officers stopped a man matching the description of the suspect as he was exiting the Brian Keith Floyd store. He was positively identified by the victim and arrested and formally charged with indecent exposure.  Arrested: Brian Keith Floyd DOB: 06/08/1970 706 Hartman Ave. Hanover, PA   If you have information about this incident, please contact the Northern District Detective Unit at 410-222-6135 Source : AACOPD C'mon, how 'bout a share? You know you want to! Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Category: Crime News, NEWS, Post To FB About the Author (Author Profile) Eye On Annapolis is a community based site focusing strictly on Anne Arundel County. These staff postings are general news postings made by our team of bloggers throughout the day and are not attributed to any one particular staff person. Subscribe If you enjoyed this article, subscribe to receive more just like it. « SSAI, NASA contractor, and Wellness House of Annapolis partner for day of service this weekend Walk the Walk Walk next Thursday! » Chesapeake Eye Care Health Dept Sun Rays Submit your event Paca Girlfriends ABC Events Rams Head On Stage Irish Festival 2017 Kicked Up Fitness Zachary’s Jewelers Baysox K&B True Value Maryland Hall Generic Woodwind Union Jack’s Chesapeake Eye Care Standard St. Anne’s Church ASGT Metropolitan Blackwall Hitch Cyphers 2017 KB Freebie for Xmas Chesapeake Bay Trust Visit Annapolis Watermark St. Michaels Beaches Ralph Crosby Please Subscribe 9:30 Club Eye On Annapolis © 2017 Eye On Annapolis. All rights reserved. Site managed by Merisign. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Fitness Food Health Love Beauty Strongest SELF Ever Challenge Workout Finder Culture News Subscribe Subscribe Get 6 issues for just $5 Subscribe Subscribe Newsletter Wellness, Meet Inbox Sign up Now Subscribe Subscribe Food|May 3, 2017| By  Audrey Bruno The 11 Best Healthy Packaged Snacks at Walmart Wall-to-wall nutritious goodies Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Graphic by Cristina Cianci If it’s been awhile since you went to Walmart, consider going again just for their healthy snacks. Because, though it haven’t always been known for its food (sewing section, yes, groceries, not so much), it's amassed quite the snack selection in recent years. Nowadays, a journey to the superstore will turn up a lot of awesome and healthy treats, all of which are a bit more affordable than the fare you might find at Target, Costco, or even Trader Joe’s. The thing is, the healthy snacks are mixed in with the not-so-healthy snacks, and it’s not always clear which are which. We asked registered dietitians what to pick, so that we never have to wonder. These are the 11 snacks they recommend grabbing at Walmart. Share via Pinterest 1 Wild Garden Snack to Go Want chips and dip in a pinch? These hummus and whole-grain cracker snack packs have you covered. Alissa Rumsey M.S., R.D., owner of Alissa Rumsey Nutrition and Wellness, loves them because they’re filled with protein, fiber, and healthy fat, which means they’ll keep you feeling satisfied and happy for hours. Bonus: They come in a bunch of different flavors like sun-dried tomato, Mediterranean, and roasted garlic. Share via Pinterest 2 Great Value Cranberry, Cashew, and Almond Trail Mix Sharon Palmer, R.D.N., of The Plant-Powered Dietitian, says that, unlike a lot of packaged trail mixes, this one has minimal added sugars. Packed with dried fruit and nuts, it’s sweet, but not too sweet, and also full of protein, fiber, and complex carbs. And she says that usually a handful is all she needs to sate her appetite. Share via Pinterest 3 KIND Peanut Butter Breakfast Protein Bar KIND bars are pretty much never a bad idea. Amy Gorin, M.S., R.D.N., owner of Amy Gorin Nutrition in Jersey City, New Jersey, especially likes this flavor because it’s filled with a bunch of different whole grains—oats and quinoa, to name a couple. She likes to pair a single bar with a cup of berries for a well-rounded afternoon snack. Share via Pinterest 4 Dole Banana Dippers With Almonds There are so many reasons to love these little snacks. For one, bananas are full of potassium and complex carbs, which make them great post-workout. Also, frozen bananas are basically nature’s ice cream, so these are at once totally decadent and healthy. Sarah-Jane Bedwell, R.D., L.D.N., likes to use them to satisfy her chocolate cravings. Share via Pinterest 5 Beanitos White Bean Chips These chips are made from white beans, so they basically taste like dip and chips all in one. “Most chips are low in protein and fiber, but these have 4 grams of plant-based protein per serving,” says Rumsey. Pair them with a protein-packed dip like hummus for something really nourishing. Share via Pinterest 6 Justin’s Peanut Butter and Banana Chips Snack Packs “I’m a huge fan of peanut butter and bananas, and these snack packs make it easy to get this flavor combination on the go,” says Rumsey. Each one contains 6 grams of protein and 3 grams of fiber—just the nutrient combo you need to avoid feeling hungry between meals. Share via Pinterest 7 Mini Babybel Cheese Throw back to your elementary school days and indulge in these cheese snacks. Bedwell says they’re a great source of calcium and, since they’re pure cheese, protein. And they’re totally delicious and come in an adorable red wax package that will make you feel like a kid again. Share via Pinterest 8 Pearls Kalamata Olives to Go If you need a briny pick-me-up, swing for these individual olive snack packs. “This is one of my latest snack obsessions,” says Gorin. Olives are a great source of healthy fats (where do you think olive oil comes from?), and the fact that they’re already pitted makes them easy for on-the-go munching. Share via Pinterest 9 Wonderful Pistachios Bedwell likes Wonderful’s in-shell pistachios, because having to shell them herself forces her to slow down and enjoy them. That way, she doesn’t accidentally eat too many before she gets full. Plus, pistachios are packed with nutrients (fiber and protein, to be specific) and Wonderful flavors them with minimal ingredients—usually just salt and pepper. Share via Pinterest 10 Nourish Snacks Chili-Roasted Corn Since these roasted corn bites are crunchy and spicy, they’re basically the perfect snack food. Rumsey likes them because they’re preportioned, so you don’t have to divvy them up yourself. And they’ve got a decent amount of protein and fiber—2 grams each per serving. Plus, she says, “the spice blend keeps the sodium level down while providing a ton of flavor and some mild heat.” Share via Pinterest 11 Sabra Classic Hummus “I love to pick up a tub of this hummus from Walmart and keep it in the fridge so I can have a healthy snack in the afternoon,” says Gorin. Each serving contains a filling amount of fiber and protein, and she likes to pair it with raw veggies, but they also taste great with pita or tortilla chips. Maybe even those Beanitos! Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Keywords walmart, snacks, grocery shopping Trending 1 Beauty 2017 Met Gala: A-List Celebrities Go Avant-Garde 2 Beauty Dermatologists’ Favorite Drugstore Products for Sensitive Skin 3 Food 19 Essential Healthy Recipes That Everyone Should Know Wellness, Meet Inbox Sign up for our Newsletter and join us on the path to wellness. Sign up Now Subscribe to SELF Magazine Subscribe to SELF Get 6 issues for just $5 subscribe now Subscribe Subscription ServicesCareersCondé Nast StoreSite MapAbout SelfContact the EditorsAccessibility HelpNewsletter Sign UpRSS Feeds Our SitesAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBackchannelBon AppétitBridesCondé Nast TravelerEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQGQ StylePitchforkSelfStyleTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVogueWWired Cond\é Nast © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016). SELF may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast. CNWN Collection
THU, MAY 04, 2017 | 5 °C Mainly cloudy Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 1 hour ago Canadian woman strangled in Belize: police Police investigate death of Canadian woman in Belize as homicide Latest News SEE MORE Bombay Sapphire gin recalled nationwide Woman dies after high-speech crash on QEW What are the odds? 2 caught trying to steal statistics exam Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com 9 hours ago AP Interview: Ag leader supports renegotiating trade pact AP Interview: Ag leader supports renegotiating trade pact Latest Business News SEE MORE Average house price in Kitchener and Waterloo soars 40 per cent TSX pulled lower by metals and materials stocks Toronto real estate sales dip last month Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 1 hour ago Desmond homers twice off Weaver to help Rockies to 11-3 win Desmond homers twice off Weaver to help Rockies to 11-3 win Latest Sports News SEE MORE Vargas ties career high with 5 RBIs, Twins beat A's 7-4 Contreras, Szczur lead Cubs comeback over Phillies, 5-4 Judge's 13th homer helps Yanks rally past Blue Jays 8-6 Arts & Entertainment TV Listings Movies News+Reviews Movie Listings Dining Out Music Contests Events Books Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region Wow 2 hours ago Graham Rockingham’s Best Bets Ivory Hours, Life of Brian, Wilderness of Manitoba, Lunch at Allens, Missy... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Talk TV Getting out Niall Horan is happy being single Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 14 hours ago Canadian farmers on the losing end of European trade deal “Hope” has not proven to be a sound business practice Editorial cartoon April 13, 2017 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Crowdfunding Canada 150 Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness 12 hours ago Acoustic accompaniment in Cambridge Legion plays an original song during Unbelievably Unplugged on Sunday... Latest Stories SEE MORE Renewable energy soaring: report Focused ultrasound could transform brain treatment Cambridge family reunited with dog lost for nine days in Huntsville Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 2 hours ago The Mother’s Day debate: Stay in or go out? Leslie Young is the California mom of four kids 9 and younger. For her,... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Love tips from the very first couple Stick a fork in it, the frork is done When a parrot is held hostage or cats go MIA, this pet detective is on the case Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca 65% off Ground Chicken discount: 65% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $47.00 Time Remaining: 10 Days Hardwood floors a great solution for people who have allergies Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca 65% off Ground Chicken discount: 65% | value: $72.00 | You Save: $47.00 Time Remaining: 10 Days Massage therapy can help people overcome an injury Home News Business Walmart online chief says he’s still playing... | 11 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 Walmart online chief says he’s still playing catch-up to Amazon Waterloo Region Record By Matthew Boyle and Brad Stone Walmart Stores's e-commerce chief said the world's biggest retailer still has plenty of ground to cover as it expands its online business in the face of fierce competition from digital leaders like Amazon.com. "There are certainly areas where we are playing defence, and we're behind and need to catch up," Marc Lore, chief executive officer of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce business, said at the Bloomberg Breakaway Summit in New York on Wednesday. "One example is the long-tail categories that we're going after with acquisitions." The term "long-tail" refers to the seemingly endless assortment of products that online retailers can offer, compared with the shelf-space constraints that force physical stores to focus on a more limited assortment of top-selling items. Walmart put Lore in his current post after buying his company, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion in September. Since then, the 45-year-old Lore has rolled out free two-day shipping for orders more than $35, offered discounts on online merchandise picked up in stores, and acquired brands like outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women's apparel seller ModCloth. Online sales grew 29 per cent over the Christmas holiday quarter, helping the retailer's same-store sales top estimates. The moves are meant to widen Walmart's online assortment and close the gap with Amazon, which now accounts for 51 cents of every dollar spent on online retail thanks to its broad product offering and Prime membership benefits, according to Macquarie Research. Lore sold his first startup company, Quidsi, to Amazon in 2011, and worked there for another few years before leaving. He said Amazon didn't invest enough in growing Quidsi, leading to its March decision to shut it down. "The business we built there was about assortment — diapers and dog food. And to make that work, you have to build out the long tail," he said at the conference. "After I left, they sort of stopped. That was probably not a smart strategic move." Asked about the struggles of mall-based retailers like Sears Holdings and Macy's, Lore said the retail sector overall is "still fairly healthy" but that some brick-and-mortar brands might not survive the current environment of steep discounting and online encroachment. "There's a chance that we will see some definitely not make it," he said. "It's not easy to change and adapt when things are moving really fast — you have to stay on top of it, and not everybody is. People are changing the way they shop and companies that are able to adapt will do well and flourish. Those that don't, won't." Bloomberg | Latest News Business Average house price in Kitchener and Waterloo soars 40 per cent Snapshot Local Cambridge residents don’t want LRT through Preston Snapshot Crime Mobster Angelo Musitano was shot at close range in calculated hit: Detective Snapshot Local Still more children than seniors in the region — but not for long Waterloo will have to keep counting on university students to keep it young. The city has 540 fewer... Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos News St. Patrick's Day on Ezra Avenue News Shooting ArtsEntertainment PHOTOS: Grammy Awards red carpet Video Re-Enactment Video The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Mobster Angelo Musitano shot dead in Waterdown driveway Police say no foul play in death of woman in Kitchener Man claiming to be murder suspect alleges details of Kitchener stabbing death in Reddit post Average house price in Kitchener and Waterloo soars 40 per cent Ontario high school teachers to get up to $3,000 in extra pay In Your Neighbourhood Today Putting more found money in your pocket It’s a feeling so many of us are familiar with. On a cold fall day, you pull your winter coat... Stock up on groceries for less without ever leaving your car Finding healthy and affordable food on the fly is becoming a big challenge for families these days.... Bedroom designs that are trending in 2017 When moving into a rental unit you might feel limited in terms of what you can do to your bedroom... Central Automotive is a full-service auto shop and used car dealership Kitchener’s Central Automotive Service is known to be an outstanding full-service automotive repair... Mental illness: All too common, but awareness can help James Morris and staff of James W A Morris Insurance Group in Cambridge take social responsibility... Signs your vehicle needs a checkup Just as you make regular visits to the doctor, your vehicle needs to be checked over by a... Hallman Ironworks: Where their hearts are as big as their talent At Hallman Ironworks in Kitchener, they not only have amazing handcrafted wrought iron pieces for... Saving Matters: For the Savvy Student You wake up in your dorm, realizing you're running late for class — not a great start. Your... Understanding Your Tax Free Savings Account You may have heard of a TFSA before. They are offered at a lot of financial institutions. A Tax... How to extend the life of your car or truck A vehicle is like a trusted friend that you want to keep around as long as possible — and DM... Auto recycling that makes customers and the earth happy When it's time to take your beloved vehicle out of service, it doesn't mean it's the end of the... Fuller brows fast: Why there's so much hype about microblading For beautiful brows and luscious lashes, visit Uptown Beauty Lounge in Waterloo. Offering the... The perfect recipe for a family gathering Anniversaries tend to bring people together, especially when it's a big milestone — and Catelli... Unique gourmet pizza at Kitchener’s Verona Pizza When you’re looking for something outside of the standard toppings, Verona Pizza & Grill in... Treat your dog to stress-free grooming Canine Clipper Professional Dog Grooming in Cambridge wants to make sure dogs receive the same... Work While You Play, Play While You Work: The Case for Semi-Retirement “Time doesn't stop just because you no longer work full-time at a corporation. You still have to... How to prepare your vehicle for the winter DM Service Centre in Waterloo knows the winters in Ontario are long and harsh — and they're not any... Enjoy retro eats at local ’50s themed diner Take a step back in time to the ’50s at Wimpy’s Diner in Cambridge. With its retro decor and menu... Spring into patio season with TERRA With each week that passes, and the increasingly warmer temperatures, many of us are drawn to... Buying a home or renting: How to determine which to choose Tracy Valko of Dominion Lending Centres in Kitchener has heard this question many times before:... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   54% off New York Hand-Cut AA/AAA Striploin Steaks $80 View Deal 70% off Dining $6 View Deal Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal 46% off Beef Hamburger Patties $30 View Deal 50% off Baby Back Ribs $55 View Deal 56% off Ground Bison $35 View Deal 42% off Ground Beef $35 View Deal AAA Rib Steaks Bone-In $93 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS AP Interview: Ag leader supports renegotiating trade pact Average house price in Kitchener and Waterloo soars 40 per cent TSX pulled lower by metals and materials stocks Sweden’s booming video game industry is more than just Minecraft Facebook to hire 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide PreviousNext 'Fairly big decisions' ahead, Torstar CEO says Big summer shutdowns loom for U.S. auto plants as sales sputter The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Henry B. Gonzalez lauded as caretaker of the poor Spurs' Popovich making a lineup change for Game 2 Gameday central: Spurs seek to get back on track in Game 2 Rackspace CEO Rhodes resigns 6 months after sale Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Couple found shot in North Side apartment had been dead for days, Henry B. Gonzalez lauded as caretaker of the poor Man sentenced to 40 years in 2013 fatal street shooting Texas Senate unanimously passes ‘David’s Law’ to help US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Reports: At least 35 killed in Iran coal mine explosion 'Late Show' host Colbert says no regrets over Trump insults 3 guilty of disruptions at attorney general confirmation South Koreans begin early voting to replace ousted Park Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Rackspace CEO Rhodes resigns 6 months after sale Seguin-based Alamo Group earnings rise40 percent in 1Q Argo Group profit rises 32 percent in first quarter Kohl's hiring for 100 jobs at San Antonio operations center Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Manu Ginobili on Tony Parker: "We’re not going to see him any Spurs' Tony Parker sustains left leg injury and is carried off of Spurs tie series with dominant performance, but Parker's injury a Top football recruit transfers from Steele to Seguin Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Your guide to Mother’s Day dining in San Antonio Review: Battalion rehabs Italian classics with panache Raise a margarita at El Mirador Biga celebrates rosé season with special Sunday dinner Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Before Michelle, Barack Obama asked another woman to marry him - Paseo Por El Westside is a walk back in time High-school students poety Book review: An old murder fragments a family in Don Chaon’s Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Maverick building apartments to add affordable units downtown Contest underway to find 2017 National Geographic Travel Photos: 'Epic fails' and rickety cardboard dinghies in New Yogis Head to Joshua Tree for Yogapalooza Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Trump should keep college debt pledge Spend more and stick it to the poor On Obamacare, GOP vastly over-promised Your Turn: May 4 Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Kia updates its Cadenza sedan for 2017, boosting technology, Chrysler rolls out its first hybrid minivan for 2017 with the Toyota Tacoma TRD Pro back in line for 2017, bringing off-road Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact Rackspace CEO Rhodes resigns 6 months after sale Congress rejects Labor Dept. rule for state retirement plans Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/texas/article/Man-accused-of-huffing-compressed-air-in-11118594.php Police: Man caught ‘huffing’ air cans in baby section of Texas Walmart he was banned from By Tyler White, mySA.com / San Antonio Express-News Published 2:08 pm, Wednesday, May 3, 2017 Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Benjamin Brent Davis, 29, was arrested for possessing inhalant paraphernalia and criminal trespassing, according to online jail records. His bond was set at $1,000. Benjamin Brent Davis, 29, was arrested for possessing inhalant paraphernalia and criminal trespassing, according to online jail records. His bond was set at $1,000. Police: Man caught ‘huffing’ air cans in baby section of Texas Walmart he was banned from 1 / 1 Back to Gallery A man in Wichita Falls was found in the infants clothing section of a Walmart in the early morning hours Monday allegedly huffing compressed “Dust Off” air, according to police. Benjamin Brent Davis, 29, was arrested for possessing inhalant paraphernalia and criminal trespassing, according to online jail records. His bond was set at $1,000. RELATED: Police: 2 dead in suspected murder-suicide at Texas college Wichita Falls Police Department spokesman Tim Johnson said the incident occurred at about 4:30 a.m. Monday at the Walmart in the 3100 block of Lawrence Road. The department got a call for a suspicious person in the store who was believed to be shoplifting. The suspect, later identified as Davis, had been in the store for several hours and an employee told police he heard the sound of a compressed air can going off near the infant clothing section of the store. Davis was found breathing heavily, appearing to have been “huffing” the compressed air. Davis was later approached outside the store by police, where he had two cans of compressed air, Johnson said. RELATED: Citizens chase down suspect who allegedly tried to steal woman's purse at NW Side H-E-B The caps to the air cans were found in the bathroom at the back of the store, Johnson said. Davis was charged with criminal trespassing since he had previously been banned from entering that Walmart location from a previous incident, Johnson said. The suspect will also be charged with shoplifting for the stolen air cans, the spokesman said. twhite@mysa.com Twitter: @tylerlwhite    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest Spurs win Game 2, but Parker is carried off the court Downtown landmark is now 'best one-bedroom in the city' Couple found shot had been dead for days, police say Charred BMW left in parking lot becomes neighborhood spectacle Spurs' star leaves game with injury Top Texas court reduces killer's death sentence to life Ex-Cowboy Greg Hardy: I’m not a ‘psychopath’ West Texas man caught with crack rock stuck to shirt during... 'They ran him to death': Suspect in attempted H-E-B theft caught Army releases photographer's last picture before fatal explosion S.A. man turns Facebook joke into pool campaign $2.2 M Boerne home features a Spurs-inspired gym Peek into Rockets owner's $21.5M Manhattan condo Places San Antonio Spurs have called home Vintage postcards show S.A. parks in the early, mid-1900s How S.A. looked the decade you were born The history behind the majestic King William district Photo of Tim Duncan jersey on fire ignites outrage Analyst: How Pop's personality could lose the series Spurs-Rockets: 10 key numbers 10 arrested in Central Texas prostitution, drug sting S.A. couple found shot had been dead for days, police say Feds: Man shot by DEA agent has history of 'drug transactions' Recent Breaking News Police: Large knife, baseball bat used in China Grove couple's... 23-year-old woman killed in crash with 18-wheeler on NE side... Affidavit: S.A. man pistol-whipped mother of his children,... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Most Popular 1 Citizens chase down suspect who allegedly tried to steal... 2 23-year-old woman killed in crash with 18-wheeler on NE side... 3 Photo of Tim Duncan jersey on fire ignites outrage 4 Rackspace CEO Rhodes resigns 6 months after sale 5 Police begin citywide crackdown on busy San Antonio... 6 Two San Antonio women arrested in prostitution sting at Boerne... 7 WWE Legend X-Pac Arrested for Meth Possession 8 Army combat photographer snapped one last picture - seconds... 9 Central Texas police arrest 10 in prostitution, drug sting 10 Boerne attorney, a former judge, jailed on drug charge 11 $2.2 million Boerne home features a Spurs-inspired gym, other... 12 Royal Caribbean announces new ship sailing from Galveston 13 Gregg Popovich's old stubborn ways could be fatal for the... 14 Linkin Park announces San Antonio concert date 15 Charred BMW in South Side Gold's Gym parking lot becomes... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart Web CEO Says He's Still Playing Catch-Up to Amazon by Matthew Boyle @bizboyle More stories by Matthew Boyle and Brad Stone @BradStone More stories by Brad Stone May 3, 2017, 12:55 PM EDT May 3, 2017, 4:10 PM EDT Former Jet.com founder Lore says retailer ‘playing defense’ Widening assortment seen as key to closing gap with Amazon Wal-Mart's Marc Lore on Scaling Up E-Retail Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s e-commerce chief said the world’s biggest retailer still has plenty of ground to cover as it expands its online business in the face of fierce competition from digital leaders like Amazon.com Inc. “There are certainly areas where we are playing defense, and we’re behind and need to catch up,” Marc Lore, chief executive officer of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce business, said at the Bloomberg Breakaway Summit in New York Wednesday. “One example is the long-tail categories that we’re going after with acquisitions.” Marc Lore Photographer: Emile Wamsteker/Bloomberg The term “long-tail” refers to the seemingly endless assortment of products that online retailers can offer, compared with the shelf-space constraints that force physical stores to focus on a more limited variety of top-selling items. Wal-Mart put Lore in his current post after buying his company, Jet.com, for $3.3 billion in September. Since then, the 45-year-old Lore has rolled out free two-day shipping for orders more than $35, expanded the online grocery business, and acquired brands like outdoor retailer Moosejaw and women’s apparel seller ModCloth. Online sales grew 29 percent over the Christmas holiday quarter, helping the retailer’s same-store sales top estimates. Wal-Mart is also playing offense, Lore said, by offering discounts on 1 million online items if customers agree to pick up the goods at one of its 4,700 stores. The program takes advantage of the retailer’s nationwide network of stores and its 6,700-strong trucking fleet. “Our cost to ship it to the store is 75 cents a box, but to ship it to your home, it’s $5,” Lore said. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up The moves are meant to widen Wal-Mart’s online assortment and close the gap with Amazon, which now accounts for 51 cents of every dollar spent on online retail thanks to its broad product offering and Prime membership benefits, according to Macquarie Research. Lore sold his first startup company, Quidsi, to Amazon in 2011, and worked there for another few years before leaving. He said Amazon didn’t invest enough in growing Quidsi, leading to its March decision to shut it down. More Assortment “The business we built there was about assortment -- diapers and dog food. And to make that work, you have to build out the long tail,” he said at the conference. “After I left, they sort of stopped. That was probably not a smart strategic move.” Asked about the struggles of mall-based retailers like Sears Holdings Corp. and Macy’s Inc., Lore said the retail sector overall is “still fairly healthy” but that some brick-and-mortar brands might not survive the current environment of steep discounting and online encroachment. “There’s a chance that we will see some definitely not make it,” he said. “It’s not easy to change and adapt when things are moving really fast -- you have to stay on top of it, and not everybody is. People are changing the way they shop and companies that are able to adapt will do well and flourish. Those that don’t, won’t.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit Is This the Most Valuable Car in the World? The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Fed Keeps Rates on Hold as Slowdown in Growth Seen Temporary Most U.S. Homes Are Worth Less Than Before the Crash Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ University of Arkansas film focuses on the Arkansas, national strawberry industry Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics House approves resolution to adopt impeachment rules ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Lawmakers end special session with $103 million reserve fund, changes to Arkansas Works Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info Tyson Foods, Cobb-Vantress partner with OneEgg to launch sustainable egg farm in Haiti Video / Podcasts AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Senate President Dismang shares thoughts on healthcare, taxes and executions TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Arkansas executions and playing tennis at the White House with Jay Dickey U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman says healthcare reform has to happen Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail USA Truck posts first quarter loss of $4.9 million, predicts an income gain in the third quarter ATRI releases list of 6 research priorities for 2017 The Supply Side: Wal-Mart suppliers could see new opportunities with Lidl P.A.M. first quarter earnings fall 22%, revenue rises 5% Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Walmart U.S. food boss says ‘basics’ a company focus; addresses Single Parent scholarship event BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Nancy Peevy (nancywpeevy@gmail.com) 14 hours ago 42 views  Tags: Charles Redfield Walmart U.S. 0 SHARES Share Tweet Since its inception in 1984, the Single Parent Scholarship Fund has given out more than 8,000 scholarships totaling more than $6 million. As consumer behavior changes, Walmart U.S. will continue to implement ways to exceed shoppers’ expectations, said Charles Redfield, executive vice president of Walmart’s U.S. food division. Redfield spoke to an estimated 220 suppliers and community leaders at the 12th annual Single Parent Scholarship Fund of Benton County (SPSFBC) Corporate Luncheon on Tuesday (May 2) in Rogers. Redfield said even though consumer behavior is changing to shop online, Walmart believes success begins with their stores. “There’s a lot of talk about the internet and that customer behavior is changing,” he said. “But the way we look at is that it starts with the stores. And we can tell you that for the last nine quarters straight we’ve had more people, more footsteps and more transactions in our physical stores.” He told the crowd because of that, the focus is on the stores and how to make them better. “Right now I would say that you could see us doubling down on the number of stores that we have and how we’re operating them,” Redfield said. “We have over 4,000 stores across the U.S. right now and we’re focused on getting the basics right.” “Basics” mean a clean store, a fast experience, friendly people and great merchandise, he said. Those things are top priority because those are what their customers expect. So the focus is on the basics, along with trying to make stores operate more efficiently, he said. “I’ve been in my position for 18 months or so right now and I think we’ve fundamentally changed every single process of how we operate our stores to get the basics right – to satisfy customers.” Redfield said. PHYSICAL RETAIL STILL IMPORTANT He explained to the crowd that what sets shopping in the physical store apart from shopping online is the experience the customer gets in the store. “Think about pharmacy. One of the most trusted professionals in any industry today is the pharmacist. We have pharmacists and we have pharmacies,” he said. “We can create an experience in our stores, in our pharmacy, that you can’t get online.” (left to right) Charles and Sue Redfield, Christine Nance, Yuna Lee and Daniel Armbruster. Charles Redfield, a Walmart executive vice president, spoke at the luncheon. Nance told her story as a scholarship recipient. He said that holds true in other parts of the store too. “What about tire lube express? Can you put tires on with a computer?” he said. “What about the deli area? Can you get served a hot meal when you order it online? Right when you want it? You can in a store.” Another trend Walmart management is seeing is the importance to consumers of choice and convenience. Redfield said that is the reason why many people shop digitally. So, Walmart’s focus is on expanding their customer’s choices and finding unique ways of doing that. He said the key is knowing what sets you apart from other options customers have. “What’s going to make you different,” Redfield said. “It’s interesting, the customer today likes to be served in a lot of different ways … and so we offer a lot of options for our customers to shop the way they like to shop.” Grocery pick up and online ordering with in-store pick up are two examples. “We have online grocery pick up, which our customers are absolutely loving,” he said. “We’ve got it in 650 to 700 stores today and are expanding.” Redfield said home delivery is next and tests are being done with Uber and Lyft. “We have all these things because … if you don’t deliver on the customer’s expectation on how they want to shop, you’re not going to be in their consideration set in the future, and they may not choose to shop with you at all,” he said. Walmart’s point of difference, he noted, is to make sure they exceed customer expectations on how they want to shop, no matter which way that is. Finally, Redfield said Walmart wants to “connect where it counts and win hearts.” He said that their customers, especially millennials, like organizations that care and take corporate responsibility seriously. Therefore, sustainability is a key issue for the company, as evidenced by the sustainability summit held last month. (left to right) David Bellner, Hank Schepers and Stacie Furlano with Colgate-Palmolive, which was one of the presenting sponsors. The other thing Redfield said resonates with their customers is their “Made in the USA” program, which encourages companies to manufacture their products in the United States. Redfield concluded by saying that this is an exciting time for Walmart. “Everything is converging. It’s about physical and digital and that converges,” he said. “One reason it’s exciting is because we have the opportunity to shape what the future of retail looks like. That’s what’s happening now. Competition is fierce. Great. That’s what makes us better.” SINGLE MOTHER JOURNEY In addition to Redfield’s talk, Christine Nance spoke to the crowd about her journey as a single mother and the help she received as a recipient of the Single Parent Scholarship Fund from 2007 to 2012, during which time she attended NorthWest Arkansas Community College and John Brown University. Nance is an inventory manager at Sam’s Club Corporate Office. Organizers hoped to raise more than $72,000 from the event and all donations go directly to student programs and scholarships. Walmart, Sam’s Club and Colgate-Palmolive were presenting sponsors of the luncheon. SPSFBC’s stated mission is to enable single parents to attain self-sufficiency through post-secondary education. In addition to providing tuition, recipients also can get help with rent, utilities, transportation, counseling and other critical needs. New applicants are being interviewed for the 2017 fall semester and can apply at the organization’s website. Comments comments Previous post Society of Manufacturing Engineers recognizes Little Rock engineer Next post Fort Smith metro building activity through April 36% ahead of 2016 Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, drug money, ‘far away eyes,’ and gum and trinkets Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Latest Popular House approves resolution to adopt impeachment rules 6 hours ago ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ 6 hours ago University of Arkansas film focuses on the Arkansas, national strawberry industry 8 hours ago Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods 8 hours ago Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold 8 hours ago Southwestern Energy plans to double drilling in Moorefield Shale in north-central Arkansas 5,189 views Broker, City Director Keith Lau launches plan for new development in downtown Fort Smith  4,673 views Weldon, Williams & Lick to expand in deal with Florida ticket company 2,092 views For banker Johnny Allison, there’s nothing like a little Cuban credit, opportunity and hospitality 2,057 views Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info 1,923 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Cabinet approves new NPA policy to deal with stressed assets Business Standard Rs. 6,000-cr mega agro-processing scheme approved by Cabinet Govt also brings back subsidy to states for PDS distribution of sugar to poorest families BS Reporter  |  New Delhi  May 3, 2017 Last Updated at 21:44 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVdWYw Union Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal ALSO READ At least $10 bn of FDI waiting for right signals, says Harsimrat Kaur Badal Italian food processing firms sending major delegation to India Not just Tesco, Auchan, Walmart, even Biyani & Reliance keen on food FDI: Harsimrat Kaur Badal Luxury resort to aviation biz: Decoding the business empire of the Badals Big Basket, Haldiram, Amul among 101 cold chain projects okayed The Cabinet on Wednesday approved a Rs 6,000 crore mega agro-processing scheme to streamline the ongoing initiatives by the government in the food processing sector. It also decided to restore the subsidy for states to ensure sale of 1 kg of sugar at a cheaper rate to the poorest of the poor, under the public distribution system (PDS). Targeted at being completed by 2019-20, t he SAMPADA (Scheme for Agro-Marine Processing and Development of Agro-Processing Clusters), to be administered by the Ministry of Food Processing Industries will subsume a host of other schemes under the ministry. These include the Mega Food Parks and Integrated Cold Chain schemes along with the those dealing with Value Addition, Infrastructure building, Food Safety and Quality Assurance, among others. It is expected to leverage investment of Rs 31,400 crore and ensure the handling of 334 lakh million tonnes agro-produce valuing Rs 1,04,125 crore, a press release said. It is also expected to benefit 20 lakh farmers and generate 5,30,500 direct and indirect employment in the country by the year 2019-20. Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal has said earlier that lack of cold chain infrastructure led to estimated post-harvest losses of Rs. 92,000 crore annually. The government has so far sanctioned 42 mega food parks and 234 cold chain projects with 139 lakh tonnes of preserving and processing capacity of agro-produce worth Rs 35,000 crore. It has also set up a Special Fund of Rs. 2000 crore under NABARD to make available affordable credit at concessional rate of interest to designated food parks and agro processing units in the designated food parks. During 2015-16, the food processing sector constituted as much as 9.1 per cent of national GVA in manufacturing and 8.6 per cent agriculture sectors respectively. On the other hand, while the government had discontinued the sugar subsidy from March 2017, the cabinet approved a proposal to bring back the subsidy of Rs 18.50 per kg to state governments for selling 1 kg of sugar to the poorest families via ration shops. The food ministry as well as some states had been keen on its continuance for at least families covered under the Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY). The subsidy burden on the Centre will be around Rs 550 crore for supplying about 3 lakh tonnes of the sweetener. In the 2017 Budget, the government withdrew the sugar subsidy and earmarked only Rs 200 crore to clear past claims. For the last fiscal year, Rs 4,500 crore was allocated for the scheme that covered Below Poverty Line families too. Under the scheme, states were buying sugar from the open market at wholesale rates and selling at a subsidised rate of Rs 13.50 per kg through the PDS. Other Cabinet decisions: * MoU with Bangladesh on third line of credit worth $ $ 4.5 billion for implementation of developmental projects * Approval of Vijayawada Airport as International Airport * Approval of Foreign Investment proposal by Mauritus based Twin Star Technologies for downstream investments in Indian companies * MoU with Malaysia on setting up of urea manufacturing plant * MoU with Japan on Railway Safety * MoU with Spain on cooperation in the sphere of Civil Aviation * MoU between Defence Services Staff College, Wellington and Defence Services Command and Staff College, Mirpur, Dhaka for Cooperation in Military Education Read More On Pds | Agro-processing | Sampada | Harsimrat Kaur Badal | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Rs. 6,000-cr mega agro-processing scheme approved by Cabinet Govt also brings back subsidy to states for PDS distribution of sugar to poorest families Govt also brings back subsidy to states for PDS distribution of sugar to poorest families The Cabinet on Wednesday approved a Rs 6,000 crore mega agro-processing scheme to streamline the ongoing initiatives by the government in the food processing sector. It also decided to restore the subsidy for states to ensure sale of 1 kg of sugar at a cheaper rate to the poorest of the poor, under the public distribution system (PDS). Targeted at being completed by 2019-20, t he SAMPADA (Scheme for Agro-Marine Processing and Development of Agro-Processing Clusters), to be administered by the Ministry of Food Processing Industries will subsume a host of other schemes under the ministry. These include the Mega Food Parks and Integrated Cold Chain schemes along with the those dealing with Value Addition, Infrastructure building, Food Safety and Quality Assurance, among others. It is expected to leverage investment of Rs 31,400 crore and ensure the handling of 334 lakh million tonnes agro-produce valuing Rs 1,04,125 crore, a press release said. It is also expected to benefit 20 lakh farmers and generate 5,30,500 direct and indirect employment in the country by the year 2019-20. Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal has said earlier that lack of cold chain infrastructure led to estimated post-harvest losses of Rs. 92,000 crore annually. The government has so far sanctioned 42 mega food parks and 234 cold chain projects with 139 lakh tonnes of preserving and processing capacity of agro-produce worth Rs 35,000 crore. It has also set up a Special Fund of Rs. 2000 crore under NABARD to make available affordable credit at concessional rate of interest to designated food parks and agro processing units in the designated food parks. During 2015-16, the food processing sector constituted as much as 9.1 per cent of national GVA in manufacturing and 8.6 per cent agriculture sectors respectively. On the other hand, while the government had discontinued the sugar subsidy from March 2017, the cabinet approved a proposal to bring back the subsidy of Rs 18.50 per kg to state governments for selling 1 kg of sugar to the poorest families via ration shops. The food ministry as well as some states had been keen on its continuance for at least families covered under the Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY). The subsidy burden on the Centre will be around Rs 550 crore for supplying about 3 lakh tonnes of the sweetener. In the 2017 Budget, the government withdrew the sugar subsidy and earmarked only Rs 200 crore to clear past claims. For the last fiscal year, Rs 4,500 crore was allocated for the scheme that covered Below Poverty Line families too. Under the scheme, states were buying sugar from the open market at wholesale rates and selling at a subsidised rate of Rs 13.50 per kg through the PDS. Other Cabinet decisions: * MoU with Bangladesh on third line of credit worth $ $ 4.5 billion for implementation of developmental projects * Approval of Vijayawada Airport as International Airport * Approval of Foreign Investment proposal by Mauritus based Twin Star Technologies for downstream investments in Indian companies * MoU with Malaysia on setting up of urea manufacturing plant * MoU with Japan on Railway Safety * MoU with Spain on cooperation in the sphere of Civil Aviation * MoU between Defence Services Staff College, Wellington and Defence Services Command and Staff College, Mirpur, Dhaka for Cooperation in Military Education BS Reporter Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Rs. 6,000-cr mega agro-processing scheme approved by Cabinet Govt also brings back subsidy to states for PDS distribution of sugar to poorest families The Cabinet on Wednesday approved a Rs 6,000 crore mega agro-processing scheme to streamline the ongoing initiatives by the government in the food processing sector. It also decided to restore the subsidy for states to ensure sale of 1 kg of sugar at a cheaper rate to the poorest of the poor, under the public distribution system (PDS). Targeted at being completed by 2019-20, t he SAMPADA (Scheme for Agro-Marine Processing and Development of Agro-Processing Clusters), to be administered by the Ministry of Food Processing Industries will subsume a host of other schemes under the ministry. These include the Mega Food Parks and Integrated Cold Chain schemes along with the those dealing with Value Addition, Infrastructure building, Food Safety and Quality Assurance, among others. It is expected to leverage investment of Rs 31,400 crore and ensure the handling of 334 lakh million tonnes agro-produce valuing Rs 1,04,125 crore, a press release said. It is also expected to benefit 20 lakh farmers and generate 5,30,500 direct and indirect employment in the country by the year 2019-20. Food Processing Minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal has said earlier that lack of cold chain infrastructure led to estimated post-harvest losses of Rs. 92,000 crore annually. The government has so far sanctioned 42 mega food parks and 234 cold chain projects with 139 lakh tonnes of preserving and processing capacity of agro-produce worth Rs 35,000 crore. It has also set up a Special Fund of Rs. 2000 crore under NABARD to make available affordable credit at concessional rate of interest to designated food parks and agro processing units in the designated food parks. During 2015-16, the food processing sector constituted as much as 9.1 per cent of national GVA in manufacturing and 8.6 per cent agriculture sectors respectively. On the other hand, while the government had discontinued the sugar subsidy from March 2017, the cabinet approved a proposal to bring back the subsidy of Rs 18.50 per kg to state governments for selling 1 kg of sugar to the poorest families via ration shops. The food ministry as well as some states had been keen on its continuance for at least families covered under the Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY). The subsidy burden on the Centre will be around Rs 550 crore for supplying about 3 lakh tonnes of the sweetener. In the 2017 Budget, the government withdrew the sugar subsidy and earmarked only Rs 200 crore to clear past claims. For the last fiscal year, Rs 4,500 crore was allocated for the scheme that covered Below Poverty Line families too. Under the scheme, states were buying sugar from the open market at wholesale rates and selling at a subsidised rate of Rs 13.50 per kg through the PDS. Other Cabinet decisions: * MoU with Bangladesh on third line of credit worth $ $ 4.5 billion for implementation of developmental projects * Approval of Vijayawada Airport as International Airport * Approval of Foreign Investment proposal by Mauritus based Twin Star Technologies for downstream investments in Indian companies * MoU with Malaysia on setting up of urea manufacturing plant * MoU with Japan on Railway Safety * MoU with Spain on cooperation in the sphere of Civil Aviation * MoU between Defence Services Staff College, Wellington and Defence Services Command and Staff College, Mirpur, Dhaka for Cooperation in Military Education BS Reporter Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, May 04, 2017, 1:56 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Latest News / Police: When confronted at central Arkansas Wal-Mart, thief threatens to 'shoot this place up' By Jillian Kremer This article was published May 3, 2017 at 11:21 a.m. Comments (7) aAFont Size Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. A shoplifter threatened to "shoot up" a central Arkansas Wal-Mart when confronted by an employee late Monday, according to a North Little Rock Police Department report. Officers responded shortly before 12:15 a.m. Tuesday to the store at 12001 Maumelle Blvd. A worker told police that she was standing at the self-checkout registers when a male shopper carrying a Wal-Mart bag and an orange backpack walked by without paying about 11:30 p.m. According to the report, she asked him multiple times for a receipt, and he eventually replied: "I've got a gun and I'll shoot this place up." Another employee told officers that the thief then left the store and got into a white SUV, which headed east on Maumelle Boulevard. No suspect was named at the time of the report. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Latest News Police: 2 die in apparent murder-suicide at T... Police: Little Rock Dunkin' Donuts worker jum... Ohio man accused of traveling to central Arka... Police release name of 22-year-old North Litt... Police: When confronted at central Arkansas W... AERIAL VIDEO: Here's what the Arkansas floods... 2 GOP moderates back health bill changes, pre... MUG SHOT: Drunken driving suspect gives her n... Arkansas lawmakers vote to scale back hybrid ... More Latest News stories > Comments on: Police: When confronted at central Arkansas Wal-Mart, thief threatens to 'shoot this place up' To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 7 of 7 total comments JIMBOB47 says... May 3, 2017 at 12:13 p.m. They have cameras, dumbass. You WILL be identified. ( permalink | suggest removal ) wowy says... May 3, 2017 at 12:27 p.m. Hahaha, were there Fritos in that bag? ( permalink | suggest removal ) Queen1976 says... May 3, 2017 at 12:53 p.m. The thugs have now invaded Maumelle! ( permalink | suggest removal ) LR1955 says... May 3, 2017 at 4:14 p.m. Big white SUVs, the modern thug's vehicle of choice! ( permalink | suggest removal ) LR1955 says... May 3, 2017 at 5:03 p.m. The way crime is rising in LR, I'd want $15/hr to do her job. ( permalink | suggest removal ) HarleyOwner says... May 3, 2017 at 5:30 p.m. Walmart needs to let go of some of the billions they make and hire off duty Police officers. ( permalink | suggest removal ) NoUserName says... May 3, 2017 at 5:58 p.m. "They have cameras, dumbass. You WILL be identified." . And? Bunch of fine young men bought several thousand dollars on MULTIPLE STOLEN credit cards at a nearby Walmart in the middle of the night, got caught on camera, and the cops were too busy to bother investigating. Bet nothing comes of this... ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented BRENDA LOOPER: Fighting fakery (23 comments) Imprisoned evangelist, child sex abuser Tony Alamo dies in federal custody (18 comments) On 100th day, Trump notes 'historic' steps (65 comments) BRUMMETT ONLINE: The other killing spree (16 comments) Police: Little Rock Dunkin' Donuts worker jumps into customer's vehicle to escape after robbery try (9 comments) Arkansas lawmakers vote to transfer tobacco money to reserve fund (5 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Juniper Research: P2P Money Transfers to Drive Digital Payment Growth as Market Approaches $3.9 Trillion in 2017 BASINGSTOKE, England, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — A new study by Juniper Research has found the value of digital payments will approach $3.9 trillion this year, representing an increase of more than 14% on last year’s total. While the bulk of transaction value (55%) will be accounted for by online retail purchases for physical goods, P2P (Person to Person) money transfers will see the largest year-on-year net increase in value ($200 million). The new research – Digital Payment Strategies: Online, Mobile & Contactless 2017-2021 – argued that the US would see particularly strong growth, with the bank-backed Zelle Network expected to build on its successful debut in 2016 as additional banks come on board. The research also emphasised that the demonetisation policies employed by India’s government had encouraged a surge in mobile wallet adoption and, with it, sharp increases in both P2P and mobile retail transactions. Wal-Mart Strengthening Online Play  Meanwhile, the research anticipated that the US would see further strong growth in eRetail. Online US sales in 2016 were around 4% ahead of previous Juniper forecasts, thanks in large part to an increased emphasis by traditional bricks-and-mortar retailers in developing a converged online/offline approach. It cited the example of Wal-Mart, which currently realises less than 5% of sales through online channels, seeking to boost its market share through the development of an ‚innovation hub’ to drive retail opportunities. Bots to Transform Consumer Experience  Furthermore, the research argued that the rise of bots and other natural language interfaces was likely to transform the consumer-facing front end, offering an improved shopper experience. However, according to research author Dr Windsor Holden, the performance of the bot in customer service channels was critical. „Poorly trained bots will issue unhelpful responses, potentially resulting in customer churn away from a given brand or retailer„, he said. The complimentary whitepaper, ‚Maximising the Digital Payments Opportunity 2017‚, is available to download from the Juniper website, together with further details of the full research and the attendant Interactive Forecast Excel (IFxl). Juniper Research is acknowledged as the leading analyst house in the digital commerce and fintech sector, delivering pioneering research into payments, banking and financial services for more than a decade. For further details please contact Sam Smith, Press Relations, T: +44(0)1256-830002, E: sam.smith@juniperresearch.com SOURCE Juniper Research CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Reverse Split and Change of ISIN for Empire AB (108/17) Next PostNext Útboð ríkisbréfa þann 5. maí fellur niður Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 61% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/3/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks to Watch in May Earnings reports from NVIDIA, Cisco, and Wal-Mart are on tap for May. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) May 3, 2017 at 10:00AM Quite a few companies are scheduled to report quarterly results in May, but NVIDIA (NASDAQ:NVDA), Cisco Systems (NASDAQ:CSCO), and Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) deserve special attention. Shares of NVIDIA soared last year as the company's gaming business exploded, but the graphics chip specialist now needs to prove that it can sustain that rapid growth. Cisco stock is near its decade high even as its core business stagnates, and the company will need to convince investors that its software and services strategy can drive growth once again. And Wal-Mart, after a string of aggressive e-commerce moves, faces the challenge of catching up to Amazon while maintaining the bottom line. Here's what to look for in these three upcoming earnings reports. NVIDIA The big question going into NVIDIA's first-quarter earnings report on May 9 is whether the company can sustain the incredible growth of its gaming business. While NVIDIA's enterprise and automotive businesses garner plenty of headlines, the gaming business has been the main driver of the recent surge in revenue and profit. Image source: NVIDIA. During the fourth quarter, gaming revenue surged 66% year over year to $1.35 billion, driven by both strong sales of the company's GeForce graphics cards and revenue from the Nintendo Switch. NVIDIA expects a sequential decline in revenue during the seasonally weak first quarter, but its guidance still calls for a solid year-over-year revenue increase. Advanced Micro Devices will be launching its Vega high-end GPUs in the next two months, providing some competition for NVIDIA, which has dominated the high-end portion of the market for the past few years. NVIDIA's second-quarter guidance may provide some clues as to how big of a threat NVIDIA views AMD. NVIDIA's stock has surged over the past year, up nearly 200%. The elevated stock price comes with lofty expectations, and any sign that NVIDIA's gaming business is slowing down could lead to a steep decline. Cisco Systems The story at Cisco, the dominant networking hardware company, is one of reinvention. The company is pushing both software and services as it aims to diversify away from its core business. Acquisitions have been a key tool, and Cisco has shown that it's willing to pay a high price to build out its software portfolio. The $3.7 billion purchase of AppDynamics in January and the recent $610 million purchase of networking start-up Viptela are just two examples. The networking giant will report its fiscal third-quarter results on May 17. Analysts are expecting a slight decline in revenue and a slight increase in adjusted earnings per share, with the smaller growth businesses not quite offsetting sluggishness elsewhere. Both the switching and routing segments posted year-over-year revenue declines during the second quarter, while service revenue jumped 5% and security revenue soared 14%. The third quarter will likely look similar. Despite Cisco's stagnating revenue, the stock is near its highest level since the dot-com bubble nearly two decades ago. Investors may be buying into the company's software story, and Cisco's cash-rich balance sheet gives it plenty of ammunition to continue to make acquisitions. There likely won't be too many surprises in Cisco's third-quarter report, but expect management to talk up the software business. Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart is no longer sitting idly by as Amazon scoops up an increasing percentage of retail sales. The company's e-commerce operations are now led by Marc Lore, who was the CEO of Jet.com prior to its acquisition by Wal-Mart for $3.3 billion. It now offers free two-day shipping on orders over $35, free pickup of online grocery orders, and discounts on certain online items that are picked up in-store. Wal-Mart will report its first-quarter results on May 18, and e-commerce sales growth will be a closely watched number. It managed to grow online sales by 29% year over year during the fourth quarter, a pace it will need to maintain to have any chance at catching up with Amazon. Amid the e-commerce push, the stores are performing well. Wal-Mart has racked up a long streak of comparable-sales growth in the U.S., and it will look to continue that growth by focusing on offering the lowest prices. Its goal is to offer prices that are 15% lower than its competitors 80% of the time, a move that targets both brick-and-mortar retailers like supermarkets and online retailers like Amazon. This focus on e-commerce and low prices won't be cheap, and investors should expect earnings to continue to lag revenue as the company builds up its online business. Analysts are expecting a slight increase in revenue and a slight decrease in earnings for the first quarter, a trend that will likely persist for the rest of the year. Timothy Green owns shares of Cisco Systems. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Nvidia. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info May 3, 2017 at 10:00AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $75.76 up $0.24 (0.32%) Cisco Systems NASDAQ:CSCO $34.25 up $0.01 (0.03%) Nvidia NASDAQ:NVDA $104.25 up $0.77 (0.74%) Read More The 5 Best Dividend Stocks for Beginning Investors 4 Tech Stocks to Buy with Dividends Yielding More than 3% How Cisco Systems, Inc. Gained 11% in February 1 Number Cisco Wants Investors to Focus On Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Stocks to Watch in May @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $CSCO, $NVDA
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On Air Shows Listen Listen Live Mobile App Events Calendar of Events Submit your Event to the Newstalk Calendar VIPs Sign Up VIP Exclusive Benefits VIP Help Contests Holiday Drive In Contest Newstalk VIP Contests Weather Local Tri-State Better Business Bureau Westside Nut Club Fall Festival Digital Job Hub Seize the Deal Contact Us Help & Contact Info Feedback Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Tip Us What’s Hot: Holiday Drive in Contest Tristate News Weather BBB Purdue Indianapolis Colts 10 Things I Hate Most About Public Restrooms By Sunny Richardson May 3, 2017 7:45 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Public restrooms are a necessity in life. However, we can still hate them, right? Large public restrooms are the WORST (think of Walmart). I can almost hear my shoes clopping against the dirty tile and the germs splitting into twos everywhere. Yuck. Here are ten reasons why public restrooms are the absolute worst: 1) Auto Flush Whoever the genius was that developed auto flush was actually kind of a genius. However, you’d think he (or she) would be capable enough to figure out the sensor problem that causes the toilet to flush mid-pee or mi- lady product change. Yeah, that’s fun just a TMI FYI. Not to mention it scares the bejesus out of you so not only do you have to stand up mid-whatever, you are also terrified the toilet might have sucked down a body part with it. Subscribe to WGBFAM on 2) Insufficient or Too Much Toilet Paper Why can’t they make an auto toilet paper dispenser (that actually works unlike the toilet)? There’s always this giant three roll holder that’s either got about 2 squares of toilet paper dangling down (if you’re even lucky enough to get squares) or it’s so jam packed full of toilet paper that it’s impossible to pull toilet paper out any way other than about 3 inches at a time. The public restroom toilet paper situation is one of the most ridiculous problems that still exists in our modern world. We have iPhone 7’s but no efficient way to obtain paper to wipe our butts. Seriously. Subscribe to WGBFAM on 3) Hand Dryers There have been numerous studies done that prove that hand dryers actually spread germs, not prevent them. The air never seems to quite blow in the right direction either. Not to mention it’s about as loud as an air horn. To be honest, I’ll wipe my hands on my pants before I use a hand dryer. Sorry, not sorry. Subscribe to WGBFAM on 4) Used Toilet Seat Covers Every bathroom stall is full when suddenly one opens. You have to go right now and cannot hold it any longer, and there’s a used toilet seat cover still on the pot. What to do? Flush and hope it goes down? Use toilet paper to grab it and throw it away? What’s just as bad is trying to use one yourself. Where does the inside flap go? I can’t keep pee off of it. Then what do I do with it? Toilet seat covers are just the worst unless the seat is visibly dirty. In that case, double up and hope for the best or find another stall. Subscribe to WGBFAM on 5) Poop Anywhere As an ex-employee of a local fast food restaurant, I’ve seen some disgusting bathroom shenanigans. One of the grossest things I have ever witnessed (and also refused to clean) was human poo in a urinal that had been dug into and smeared all over the tile walls beside it. There is not enough bleach in the world people. Not enough. WARNING: The video below is kinda gross. Skip it if you have a weak stomach. Subscribe to WGBFAM on 6) The Smell The stench of public restrooms is hard to describe, but we’ve all smelled it. It’s almost a mixture of damp, sweaty people with a faint urine and bleach smell. One of the most unpleasant smells ever. Some restrooms are nice and cleanly though and for that, I am truly thankful. (Side note: Have you ever noticed that Target’s bathroom’s after being cleaned smells like Froot Loops? That’s a conversation for another day.) Subscribe to WGBFAM on 7) The Insufficient Metal “Place Tampons Here Box” Men won’t know what I’m talking about, but most women do. In women’s restrooms on the stall wall there’s a metal box that’s about six inches tall and eight inches wide with a tiny flap on top to open and dispose of your pads and tampons in. Problem is, one it can be tricky and messy. Two, very rarely do these boxes get emptied. Therefore, when you go to drop your used product in the bin, old bloody stuff pops out of the box at you making you wretch. This is why some women opt for menstrual cups which come with complications of their own. Subscribe to WGBFAM on 8) Lack of Changing Tables As a mother, this is a big complaint of mine. In smaller businesses, they sometimes don’t have changing tables for babies. Usually, if they do, they’re not sanitary. Not to mention, there are almost zero places that offer changing tables in men’s restrooms. I have actually had to change my baby on top of his car seat before very carefully. We need more clean changing tables, please! Subscribe to WGBFAM on 9) Broken Stall Locks The irritation I feel when I realize I’m in a stall with a broken lock is way higher than it should be. Briefly, I always think about Hulk-busting it off the hinges in a rage but that feeling subsides in less than half a second and then I just sigh and try to keep the door shut while I do what I have too. Still, how hard is it to fix a lock? Subscribe to WGBFAM on 10) No Door Hook There is a reason that most bathroom stalls have a hook on the back of the door. Namely for items such as winter coats and purses. the lack of the hook means I have to either hold my purse in my lap or strategically balance it on top of the toilet paper holder. Super convenient if you have to change any kind of menstrual product. Make sure there is a hook on the restroom door. Again, how hard is it?! This last part is just for your viewing pleasure and proof that public restrooms are the worst. This dude is just asking for some kind of super bug. Subscribe to WGBFAM on Category: What's New Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of Newstalk 1280 Do NOT Click Google Doc Link you Receive in an Email! This is Targeting EVSC! Mater Dei Supermileage Team Claim Trophies at Shell Eco-Marathon Southern Indiana Master Gardener Association Hosting Annual Plant Sale Saturday The Gift Card Garden is the Perfect Graduation, Teacher, Birthday or Anniversary Gift Idea Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the DJs Offsite User WGBFAM on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Latest from News Talk 1280 Scam Alert – Do Not Open E-Mails Containing Google Doc Links! May 3, 2017 3:14 PM Indiana And Kentucky Voted As One Of The Least Fun States In America May 3, 2017 12:35 PM Chandler Town Wide Yard Sale THIS Weekend! May 3, 2017 11:36 AM Here’s the App that Gives You Beautiful Mermaid Hair May 3, 2017 8:04 AM Join Now Get access to exclusive contests, giveaways, and benefits! Give feedback, play games & trivia, and earn points to get closer to those rewards! Sign Up Now Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! EEO Advertise with Newstalk 1280 Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Evansville Business Listings Welcome back to Newstalk VIPs It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Newstalk VIPs It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalk1280.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Newstalk VIPs (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Newstalk VIPs brought to you by: Sign up for Newstalk VIPs Register Now Sign up for Newstalk VIPs quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Newstalk VIPs brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Newstalk VIPs contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Newstalk VIPs brought to you by: WGBFAM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices Posted by Reporter Newspapers on May 3, 2017. Sandy Springs Police blotter, April 7-19 The following information was provided by Capt. Steve Rose of the Sandy Springs Police Department from its records and the information is presumed to be accurate.  The following incidents and arrests represent some, but not all, of the reports filed with Sandy Springs police from April 7 through April 19. Capt. Steve Rose Robbery 8700 block of Roswell Road — On April 11, a 38-year-old man said he and his wife were meeting a man known as “Trayvon” from OfferUp.com, an online buying-and-selling website. They intended to sell an iPhone. During the exchange, the suspect tried to take the phone by force. The man fought back, but was hit by the suspect, who was wearing brass knuckles. Another suspect accompanied the first, and both fled toward apartments behind the location. 4000 block of Highgrove Pointe Road — On April 14, a landscaping employee reported he was robbed at gunpoint, just after 9 a.m., by a man who took a leaf blower, then fled in a red four-door Dodge driven by another man. Burglary 5700 block of Lake Forrest Drive — On April 7, the complainant said his unlocked office was entered sometime overnight. A checkbook, debit card and Walmart gift card are missing. 1300 block of Summit Springs Drive — On April 10, the resident said between 6 p.m. the day before and 1 a.m., someone accessed his apartment by forcing a window. Two Samsung 55- and 60-inch TV’s, shoes, PS4, Xbox One, $2,500 in jewelry and $300 cash were missing. Also taken were two designer baseball caps and two designer belts. 8725 Roswell Road — On April 11, following a 3 a.m. alarm call at a cellphone store, the alarm company said the phone product was wired with GPS and showing it at Ga. 400 and Spalding Drive. The officer located a Jeep near this location and followed it. The Jeep suddenly picked up speed and exited onto the MARTA ramp, where it lost control and hit the guardrail. Three men got out and ran, and then jumped a fence into the Peachtree-Dunwoody Road area. Inside the Jeep, several iPhone boxes were located. Items in the Jeep were taken as evidence and the Jeep impounded. 7000 Roswell Road — On April 11, a resident said sometime between Friday and Tuesday, someone entered his apartment by forcing the door. Several electronics were taken. 8725 Roswell Road —On April 15, health supplement store employees reported that someone used a wire to “fish” a bank bag from a drop box located on the store safe. $216 is missing. 8725 Roswell Road — On April 15, a Chinese restaurant reported that someone forced a rear door and took $350 from a cash register. 5000 block of Winterthur Drive — On April 16, someone took two Trek Road bicycles from the garage. 500 block of Northridge Road — Between April 13 and April 16, someone forced entry to the home by forcing the front door and took a TV and PS4 game system. Theft 3200 block of River Exchange Drive — On April 7, company representative said someone took an office phone and HP computer and screen, from the office. A suspect is a former employee who left over low pay. The company representative called the person, who allegedly said she was not welcomed to retrieve the items and they should “take it as a loss.” The case was forwarded to detectives. 6690 Roswell Road — On April 11, the 40-year-old victim said he placed his personal items in the locker at a gym and secured it with a combination lock. It was compromised and his wallet and other personal items were stolen. On April 7, an 85-year-old man reported that he was at a secondhand store on Roswell Road at Abernathy Road when he was “bumped” by three men. They turned and walked away. He then realized his wallet was gone. 4300 block of Spring Creek Drive — On April 9, a 59-year-old man said someone took his Lenovo laptop from his dining room table sometime between April 8 and April 9.  He had just obtained a new roommate from Roommate.com by the name of Paul. They had already discussed issues regarding money and he suspects the roomie of stealing the computer. 990 Hammond Drive — On April 11, an employee reported a 2005 GMC Yukon Denali stolen from the parking garage of the business. The keys were in the gas compartment. Survey equipment next to the vehicle was also stolen. 8601 Roberts Drive — On April 11, a 27-year old man said he believes a subcontractor, who was hired by the apartment complex to fix his bathtub, stole items from his apartment, including a signed Julio Jones football, photo, and a laptop. 6000 block of Riverside Drive — On April 11, the resident reported that his lawn lights were taken from his home. 8100 block of Colquitt Road — On April 11, a 66-year-old woman reported that her car was parked in an apartment parking spot. She started the car around 10 p.m., intending to go to the store. She re-entered the apartment, leaving the car running. When she returned, the car was gone. The car is a four-door 2008 Pontiac G8. 4800 block of Roswell Road — On April 12, a 22-year-old woman reported that while she was attending a class at a beauty school, someone stole her Samsung tablet from her bag. A second student reported a theft of a rolling backpack containing school items. An instructor at the school also reported a book stolen from a desk. 6080 Roswell Road ­— On April 14, a phone store reported two men snatched five phones from the wall display, then fled. 5505 Peachtree-Dunwoody Road — On April 15, an employee of a cosmetics brand reported someone accessed a money drawer and stole just over $400 and an iPad. 5925 Roswell Road — On April 15, an employee of a home improvement store said he placed his phone down while he was in the plumbing aisle and at some point shortly after, someone took it. 8337 Roswell Road — On April 15, a store reported a woman with a pink backpack stole a wig, relaxer, skin products and stockings, valued at over $100. 100 block of Mystic Place — On April 19, a 2012 Ford Escape was stolen from the residence just after 4 a.m. Video recorded the theft but the suspects were not visible in the images. 7000 Roswell Rod — On April 19, a 36-year old woman told police she was using eBay for the first time in order to sell an engagement ring. Someone corresponded with her and they agreed to the exchange. The buyer wanted to use PayPal, so she assumed everything was legit. The transfer was completed on PayPal and she shipped the ring to Oregon with a FedEx confirmation that the package was delivered. Minutes later, she was informed by PayPal that the transaction looked to be a scam and they had not received the funds. The location of the delivery appears to be a warehouse district. That doesn’t leave one with many options. However, I would check the pawn shops in that community. Nothing to lose at that point. Thefts from vehicles Between April 9 and April 12 there were six thefts from vehicles.  Between April 14 and April 19 there were 10 thefts from vehicles. Fraud 4700 block of Roswell Road — On April 7, card info was stolen and used in Conyers. A resident on Summer Crossing filed an April 7 report stating that she contacted a person via eBay’s cars for sale regarding a 2002 Toyota Avalon car that she was interested in. The contact person on the other end, using the name Celene Corona, instructed her to purchase three Visa gift cards for $500 each and send them to purchase the car. She did and is out $1,500 with no car. The victim tried to stop the cards but they had already been cashed. The suspect contacted the victim again and said the victim would have to send $1,000 to cover insurance. The victim did not respond. You need to program your brain to react to the words “pre-paid Visa gift cards” to automatically suspect that something is afoot! A 64-year-old woman reported that three years ago, she had computer issues and contacted a company called “Team Viewer 11” on the internet to fix the problems. They did and she had no further issues. On or about April 7, she received several phone calls and a voicemail from a number she did not recognize, so she ignored them. Later, her computer malfunctioned and she was left a voicemail saying that until she replied, her computer would be inoperable. Soon after, her computer screen froze with a message and phone number for “Team Viewer 12.” The voicemail instructed her to go to the nearest Apple Store and purchase $2,500 in gift cards, scratch off the code and give that code to the caller. She did so. The victim, while waiting for the computer to be fixed, saw that $3,250 was being moved from her checking to credit account. She called the bank and was told she was transferring the funds. Brighton Place — On April 10, a Verizon account was fraudulently opened. Spring Creek Lake — On April 11, information was fraudulently used for a payday loan. Arrests Spalding Trail — On April 6, officers were called to a residence just after 8 a.m. by a 37-year-old woman who told them she was arrested the night before and when she returned home, noticed something burning and found a door slightly open. Police responded and while searching the house, found a man inside the bathroom, sitting on the sink counter. The 33-year old man is suspected of taking the woman’s purse and contents. He was arrested. She said she was having a panic attack but declined to go with the EMS staff once they got there. The man was arrested and taken to jail. It was not stated in the report whether the pair knew one another. 7355 Roswell Road — On April 7, officers were called to drugstore on a report of a person using a fraudulent prescription at the store’s pharmacy. They located the man who, after figuring he’d been had, took flight with an officer chasing him through the store. The officer caught up and they tumbled a bit, causing the officer to injure his knee. The suspect attempted to flee again but a second officer caught up with him and down he went. He was not injured and was arrested and accused of fraudulent prescriptions, obstruction and improper use of ID. The officer’s knee was injured enough that he was taken to Northside Hospital by EMS. He will be out a while during recovery. The scripts were for Percocet and penicillin. The store noted on the original call that the suspect had been in before. 6400 Peachtree-Dunwoody Road — On April 11, cops were dispatched to a home improvement store around 2:30 p.m. on a shoplifting call with a fight added in for good measure. An officer arrived to find the suspect pinned by a store security employees and a witness. The suspect was cuffed and secured. He then said he was having breathing problems and pain in his ribs, so an ambulance was called. Paramedics suggested he go to the hospital. The security employees said the suspect took a Dewalt 20-volt brushless hammer drill ($329) and a Milwaukee M18 Fuel Drill ($449) and placed them in a shopping cart, then walked out the contractor door, where there are no sensors. Security employees saw him and confronted him. He then took off running toward a big-box store’s gas area, where he was tackled. The suspect gave a false name. Confronted with that, he fessed up with his real name, showing why he used a fake one. He was wanted in Cherokee and Jackson counties on probation violations; by Austin, Texas, police on a 2013 trespassing warrant; and on a warrant from the Dunwoody Police Department for violating probation on past traffic charges. He was later cleared at Northside Hospital and moved to the Fulton County Jail annex in Alpharetta. Cedar Run — On April 11, a man called in to report that his car was stolen from Winding River Drive after he left the keys in it. The officer took the report and shortly after was contacted by a Norcross Police detective, who said they had the car following a police pursuit that resulted in the car wrecking and the driver absconding on foot. They also had five burglary warrants on the person whose name was the same as the person reporting the stolen car. After confirming the suspect was the same as the man wanted in Norcross, the officer returned and arrested the suspect. He was turned over to Norcross detectives and charged with a false report of a crime. 5570 Roswell Road — Security at a big-box store on April 11 detained a woman who alleged took two packs of Hanes bikini underwear, two pair of sunglasses and four earring sets and placed them in a reusable bag, placing that under another bag. She then went to the customer service desk and tried to return the underwear. She was charged with shoplifting and taken to jail. 6005 Glenridge Drive — On April 15, around 6:20 a.m. a patrol officer spotted a car with two men sleeping inside. He woke them and spoke to them. Both said they worked at SunTrust stadium the night before and were tired. The officer checked IDs and found the driver wanted in Forest Park for failure to appear on traffic charges. 7000 block of Saddle Ridge Drive — On April 16, officers were called to a home just after 6 a.m., responding to a complaint that someone was beating on the door of the residence. The caller feared a break-in and retreated to a bathroom with her small child. Officers located a man on the porch. He was intoxicated, telling the cops that he was dropped off nearby and thought this was his friend’s home. He provided an address that was one street over. That information was confirmed and he was charged with disorderly conduct, but released on a copy and taken to the correct address. 8300 Roswell Road — On April 17, around 12:30 p.m., a man reported that he observed a naked man run into the parking lot of the complex. The naked man danced for several minutes and, according to the report, exposed his genitals to the public. The witness saw the man return to his apartment. Cops located the man, who said his dog ran out while he was dressed in only a towel—but changed the story to say that he wanted to do something exhilarating and decided to run naked into a public place. Reports indicated the public was not impressed. 6010 Sandy Springs Circle — On April 17, staff at a smoke shop reported that a man came in, bought some rolling papers, then later wanted a refund because the papers did not come with tips. (Tips, I guess, are little paper cones to enhance the rolling-paper experience.) He got mad and called the shop, cursed out the employee and threatened to come to the store and take his money back. An officer called him and gave him a criminal trespass warning not to return to the store. He continued to act like a fool. The officer hung up. 500 block of Hammond Drive — On April 18, around 1:00 p.m., while sitting in traffic on Hammond Drive, a detective watched as a man with a duffle bag walking along Hammond, opened a mailbox and looked inside. The detective stopped him and the man immediately said he was doing nothing wrong because there was no mail in the box and the box didn’t belong to a house. (Which was wrong because it was in front of a home, like most are.) The man allegedly began by saying the box had fallen over and he straightened it up, and then changed his story to say the box lid was open and he just closed it. The detective finally informed the man he watched him as he did these things and he was lying. Since there was nothing taken, the man was arrested for disorderly conduct, to appear in court, but was released on a copy of charges. Other things 4300 block of Spring Creek Lane — On April 10, a 47-year-old man said he was at the location to help his friend move from an apartment because the other roommate was an alcoholic and hostile at times. Apparently, the other roommate locked them out, so they were waiting until he came out to get inside to move his stuff. The suspect exited with his dog. Argument ensued, and the victim was hit in the face and pushed, resulting in a laceration to his lip. The victim removed his belt to defend himself, resulting in the suspect and his dog moving close to him in an aggressive manner. The roommate was arrested, and then, once in custody, did the head-banging thing in the back of the patrol car. He allegedly yelled out that he hated the police, and then yelled out that he respected them. Further silliness ensued. The suspect continued to head-bang until the officer removed him from the car to keep him from hurting himself. The suspect then complained that his chest hurt, and then, according to the report, lost consciousness. The officer called for an ambulance that arrived and the ambulance crew decided to take the suspect to the hospital. As the officer got into his patrol car, he saw the suspect get out of the ambulance and walk in the direction of Spring Creek Lane. The officer checked with the ambulance crew, who said the man said he was going home. The officer again stopped and put the suspect in his patrol car. He went to Northside Hospital where he was medically cleared to be in jail. He went to jail, where the nurse declined to take him because of the knot on the head. The officer took the suspect back to Northside Hospital, where the doctor re-cleared the suspect, who was then taken back to the intake nurse who, probably reluctantly, cleared the suspect to be in their jail. During this time, the suspect allegedly said his family was very powerful and would own the officer. In the old days: Guys went to jail and many times with a knot on the head from a scrap with someone or over something that got them arrested in the first place. If he complained about the knot, he got an ice pack. And, what is it with the head-banging? For years it seems drunk guys bang their heads against the metal barrier separating the front and back seats of the patrol car. Not once have I seen the barrier break. A woman reported that she was on Northridge Road and changed lanes in front of another car whose driver honked the horn. The other driver pulled up and yelled to the complainant, “I took a photo of your tag. I’m going to come to your house and [expletive] you up!” 6420 Roswell Road — On April 12, an employee of a community dancing establishment called police to report an assault. The 23-year-old victim had a visible injury to her forehead. She told the officer that another employee was angered by her comment after a dollar bill was dropped onto the floor. The victim said she picked it up and put it in the suspect’s chair, which caused the suspect to “buck up.” According to the report, the suspect picked up a hair dryer and hit the victim in the forehead, then ran off, taking the car keys of another employee, and left. The victim was checked by EMS, but declined a trip to the ER. The officer noted in the report that identity of the suspect was not known other than her stage name. For those of you who have led a sheltered life or perhaps have been grossly misinformed, employees of such establishments do not use their real names. They use “sexy” names to further the atmosphere. I don’t know of many community dancing establishment employees named “Hazel.” My apologies to all the Hazels out there. A 27-year old man on Treelodge Parkway said he and his girlfriend live together and are planning to marry. Those plans may be on hold as of April 12, when his girlfriend accused him of infidelity issues and grabbed him on the upper left arm, causing a bruise. She left the location before the cops arrived. He did not want medical assistance nor to press charges, but wanted the bruising documented. He is expected to recover fully from the bruise. 8340 Roswell Road — An employee at a gas station reported someone tried to set fire to the A/C fuse box by putting pine straw in it and setting it on fire. Wires were damaged, but that was it. This was the second time someone tried to burn it. 6445 Powers Ferry Road — A man said he was in his Ford F-250 truck, which had tinted windows, around 1:30 p.m., catching a cat-nap, when he was awakened by someone trying to get in. The suspect could not get the door open, so he returned to his car and picked up something, at which time he noticed the truck’s occupant. The man then quickly left in a red or maroon, beat-up Dodge Charger. 5675 Roswell Road — On April 17, a 49-year-old man said he was behind a gas station around 9 p.m., walking on the path leading to an apartment complex, when a man approached him and put a gun to his chest, telling him “I’ve been looking for you, [expletive]!” A woman with the suspect said, “Don’t do it,” then both fled. The victim later saw the man while at work, staring at him. He told the officer he has no issues with anyone and does not know why the man threatened him. A 37-year-old man said he wanted to report a larceny that occurred five years ago at 6850 Peachtree-Dunwoody Road. The reason was this: His babysitter was suspected in the theft of his expensive watch and $200, but he could not prove it at the time. He said that he took it as a sign to stop partying. He said it was a “karma” incident that got his attention, so he did not file a report. Several days prior to this report, he and his wife were in New York, where he lives now, and ran into the former babysitter while in a restaurant. His wife decided to confront the former babysitter, who allegedly admitted the theft, saying she was doing drugs and needed the money. She pawned the watch in Buckhead for $3,000. He was advised to file the report so detectives can follow up on pawn records to locate the watch, since he has clear records and photos of it. He wants to confront the babysitter to pay him back or be prosecuted. Hope he gets the watch back, because extradition is tough for a theft. Several cars were damaged on I-285 and Glenridge Drive after a tire fell from a vehicle and was struck by several oncoming cars, causing damage to front ends. 1165 Perimeter Center Way — On April 19, a secondhand store staff said a man tried to pass a $100 bill that, when viewed, looked fake. It was. The suspect said he didn’t have time to wait and left, without the $100 bill. About Reporter Newspapers Mail | More Posts (3436) Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website CAPTCHA Code * Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Recent Posts Dunwoody state lawmakers explain opposition to ‘campus carry’ bill Livable Buckhead builds community garden along PATH400 Brookhaven Police chief receives NAMI Georgia award Sandy Springs starts demolishing more Hammond Drive houses Brookhaven’s Lynwood Park Community Day set for May 6 Community Links City of Atlanta City of Brookhaven City of Brookhaven – Calendar of Events City of Dunwoody City of Dunwoody – Calendar of Events City of Sandy Springs City of Sandy Springs – Community Calendar City of Sandy Springs – Public Meeting Calendar CVB of Dunwoody – Things to do in Dunwoody Sandy Springs Hospitality & Tourism My Tweets Quick Links Facebook Search Our Archives Twitter Home Brookhaven Buckhead Dunwoody Sandy Springs Perimeter Business Special Sections Education Guide – Fall 2016 About us Work For Us Privacy Policy Contact us Advertise with us Where to find us Digital Edition Classifieds & Legal Notices © 2017, ↑ Reporter Newspapers Log in- Posts - Add New - Powered by WordPress - Designed by Gabfire Themes Sign up for our NewsMails Enter your email and stay on top of local news!
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN CBS News May 3, 2017, 7:59 AM Chicago detective still on the job despite her own rap sheet CBS Chicago caught up with Hendricks but she declined to discuss the allegations. CBS Chicago Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email CHICAGO -- Cherie Hendricks, a veteran Chicago Police Department detective, was arrested at a Louisiana Walmart on Christmas Eve for stealing $113.50 worth of reading glasses and coffee mugs. CBS Chicago reports that she was placed into a court-ordered diversion program, typically reserved for first-time offenders. This wasn't Hendricks' first incident. Hendricks was arrested for shoplifting more than $200 worth of vitamins in 2013 at a Lakeview Whole Foods, but has not faced any discipline. The Chicago Police Department opened an internal investigation after Hendricks was caught. Four years later, CBS Chicago was told that probe is still "open and active." The U.S. Department of Justice's investigation into the Chicago Police Department, completed last January, found "officers are too rarely held accountable for misconduct" and "when investigations do occur they are glacially slow." David Bradford, a former police chief and executive director of Northwestern University's Center for Public Safety, said the lack of discipline is detrimental because "it produces bad morale within the good officers of the department and puts the credibility of the whole agency in question with the community." Only recently, after CBS Chicago started asking questions, did Chicago police finally close the internal investigation and recommend Hendricks be terminated. The matter now goes before the Police Board. CBS Chicago's Brad Edwards caught up with Hendricks but she declined to discuss the allegations. Hendricks was placed on desk duty in 2013, but has continued to collect an annual salary of more than $90,000. Additionally, taxpayers have picked up nearly $25,000 worth of educational expenses for her since May 2016, according to city records. It's unknown if she was convicted of theft in the 2013 case. Her case doesn't appear in Cook County court records and a Chicago Police spokesperson said her case had been expunged. The police spokesperson says the internal probe dragged on in part because Hendricks went on medical leave. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. People's Climate March Thousands across the U.S. and abroad demonstrate against President Trump's agenda of rolling back environmental protections, promoting fossil fuels, and declaring climate change a "hoax" Tornadoes, severe storms strike Texas, Central U.S. Severe weather, including tornadoes, high winds, hail and flooding, killed at least 15 people in Texas and the Central U.S. this weekend Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Tawdry Tales 5946 Views Norman Seeff's Archive 2998 Views Starr Students 2718 Views Why Bob McDonnell talked 737 Views Somaliland minister says, "We are not Somalia" Play Video Tawdry Tales Play Video Norman Seeff's Archive Play Video Starr Students Play Video Arkansas levee breaks Play Video Comey on election role Play Video Alton Sterling shooting Play Video Hate crimes on campus Play Video Dramatic plane crash Play Video State Department changes Previous Next 82 Photos Met Gala 2017 red carpet 18 Photos Tornadoes, severe storms strike Texas, Central U.S. 21 Photos People's Climate March 57 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 10 Photos Looking back at the L.A. riots Previous Next Most Discussed Trump on the "tough decisions" that involve "human lives" Trump threatens government shutdown in the fall James Comey says considering FBI's impact on election makes him "mildly nauseous" Trump says "pre-existing conditions are in the bill" N. Korea says region closer to "brink of nuclear war" New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback Shanghaiist is a website about Shanghai View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Arizona woman discovers alleged SOS note from 'Chinese prisoner' inside her purse from Walmart by Alex Linder in News on May 3, 2017 6:35 pm An Arizona woman was more than a bit taken aback recently when she discovered a plea for help from an alleged Chinese prisoner that was hidden inside a purse that her mother-in-law had purchased for her from Walmart. Laura Wallace from Sierra Vista told the local KVOA-TV news station that she had found the tiny note folded up inside one of the purse's zipper compartments. The letter was written in Chinese. Here's a full translation: Inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China are working 14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn't finish his work will be beaten. Their meals are without oil and salt. Every month, the boss pays the inmate 2000 yuan, any additional dishes will be finished by the police. If the inmates are sick and need medicine, the cost will be deducted from the salary. Prison in China is unlike prison in America, horse cow goat pig dog (literally, means inhumane treatment).Explaining that it is unable to verify the origin of the letter, Walmart has said that it cannot comment specifically on the note, but did tell News 4 Tucson that "one of our requirements for the suppliers who supply products for sale at Walmart is all work should be voluntary as indicated in our Standards for Suppliers." Similar notes have turned up in clothing items in the past, including in stores like Saks Fifth Avenue and K-Mart. In 2015, a woman discovered a disturbing note inside a pair of socks her father had purchased from the UK department store Primark. In the letter, written in Chinese characters, a man claimed that he was being held hostage after attempting to report some corrupt local officials in Anhui province. He goes on to claim that his wife has been taken to a mental institution and his father killed in a hospital. Only a few months prior to that, a similar note was found in a sock bought in Dublin at Penneys, which is the name that Primark goes by in Ireland. The note told an identical story of a 39-year-old man from Anhui being imprisoned while his family was tortured. Follow Shanghaiist on WeChat Contact the author of this article or email tips@shanghaiist.com with further questions, comments or tips. Arizona help labor message note prisoner United States US Walmart Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. best of shanghaiist Two Shanghai eateries ranked among Asia's 50 Best Restaurants of 2017 💝 11 great things to do in Shanghai this Valentine's 今年情人节怎么过? [👲CNY] 9 things to do in Shanghai over the Chinese New Year break! 春节在魔都可以做的9件事 🎆 8 things to do to ring in 2017! 🎅 The 8 best food-coma worthy restaurants this Christmas   © 2003-2017 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
/ Big Data Zone Over a million developers have joined DZone. Log In / Sign Up {{node.title}} {{node.type}} · {{ node.urlSource.name }} · by {{node.authors[0].realName }} DOWNLOAD {{node.downloads}} {{totalResults}} search results Refcardz Guides Zones | Agile Big Data Cloud Database DevOps Integration IoT Java Mobile Performance Security Web Dev {{announcement.body}}{{announcement.title}} Let's be friends: What's Causing the Great Brick-and-Mortar Retail Meltdown of 2017 DZone's Guide to What's Causing the Great Brick-and-Mortar Retail Meltdown of 2017 Get a description of what is causing the retail collapse and how companies can utilize Big Data and Machine Learning analytics to compete and thrive in an Amazon world. by Vamsi Chemitiganti · May. 03, 17 · Big Data Zone Free Resource Like (4) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Join the DZone community and get the full member experience. Join For Free Effortlessly power IoT, predictive analytics, and machine learning applications with an elastic, resilient data infrastructure. Learn how with Mesosphere DC/OS. Retail stores are dying — at least, those not online are — but Big Data and Machine Learning may be able to help. A Meltdown in Storefront Retail We are barely halfway through 2017, and the U.S. business media is rife with stories of major retailers closing storefronts. It's undeniable that the retail industry is in the midst of structural change. According to a research report from Credit Suisse, around 8,600 brick-and-mortar stores will shut their doors in 2017. The number in 2016 was 2,056 stores and 5,077 in 2015, which points to industry malaise. The retailer’s bigger cousin, the neighborhood mall, is not doing any better. There are around 1,200 malls in the U.S. today and that number is forecast to decline to just about 900 in a decade. It is clear that in the coming years, retailers (and malls) across the board will remain under pressure due to a variety of changes — technological, business model, and demographic. So, what can legacy retailers do to compete with and disarm the online upstart? Six Takeaways for Retail Industry Watchers Six takeaways that should have industry watchers take notice from the recent headlines – 1. Brick and Mortar Retail Store Pullback Has Accelerated in 2017 This has been a year of otherwise strong economic expansion. Typical consumer indicators that influence consumer spending on retail are generally pointing upwards. Just sample the financial data. The U.S. has seen increasing GDP for eight straight years, the last 18 months have seen wage growth for middle and lower income Americans and gas prices are at all time lows. These kinds of relatively strong consumer data trends cannot explain a slowdown in physical storefronts. Consumer spending is not shrinking to declining affordability. 2. Different Areas of Retail Are All Being Affected The retailers that have either declared bankruptcy or announced large-scale store closings include marquee names across all different areas of retail. Ranging from apparel to home appliances to electronics to sporting goods. Sample the names – Sports Authority, RadioShack, HHGregg, American Apparel, Bebe Stores, Aeropostale, Sears, Kmart, Macy’s, Payless Shoes, JC Penney, etc. This is clearly a trend across various sectors in retail and not confined to a given area. 3. There's Too Much Retail Space Some of this storefront retail bubble burst can definitely be attributed to physical retail expansion. The first indicator is the glut of residual excess retail space. The Wall Street Journal points out that the retail expansion dates back almost 30 years ago when retailers began a “land grab” to open more stores — not unlike the housing boom a decade or so ago. North America now has a glut of both retail stores and shopping malls, while per capita sales have begun declining. The U.S. has almost five times retail space per capita compared to the UK. American consumers are also swapping materialism for more experiences. Thus, an over-buildout of retail space is a cause of the ongoing crash. The U.S. has way more shopping space compared to the rest of the world. (Credit: Cowan and Company.) 4. Single-Click Shopping Is the Dominant Retail Trend We now live in a world where online single-click shopping is the dominant retail trend. This is evidenced by declining in-store Black Friday sales in 2016 compared to increased Cyber Monday sales. As online e-commerce volume increases year after year, online retailers led by Amazon are surely taking market share away from the brick-and-mortar retailer who has not kept up with the pace of innovation. The uptick in online retail is unmistakeable as evidenced by the below graph depicting the latest retail figures. Department-store sales rose 0.2% during the month, but were down 4.5% from a year earlier. Online retailers such as Amazon posted a 0.6% gain from the prior month and a 11.9% increase from a year earlier. Retail sales: Online vs. in-store shopping. (Source: ZeroHedge.) 5. Legacy Retailers vs. Start-Ups Legacy retailers are trying to play catch-up with the startups who excel at technology. This has sometimes translated into acquisitions of online retailers (i.e. Walmart’s purchase of Jet.com). However, the global top 10 retailers are dominated by the likes of Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Walgreens, etc. Amazon comes in only at #10, which implies that this battle is only in its early days. However, legacy retailers are saddled with huge fixed costs and investors who prefer dividends to investments in innovations. Their CEOs are incentivized to focus on the next quarter, not the next decade like Amazon’s Jeff Bezos is. Though traditional retailers have begun accelerating investments in cloud computing, Big Data, and predictive analytics, the web scale majors such as Amazon are far ahead of typical retail IT shop. 6. The Fastest Growing Retail Companies Utilize Big Data The fastest growing retail industry brands are companies that use Big Data as a core business capability to impact the customer experience versus as just another component of an overall IT system. Retail is a game of micro customer interactions that drive sales and margin. This implies a retailer’s ability to work with realtime customer data whether it’s sentiment data, clickstream data and historical purchase data to drive marketing promotions, order fulfillment, show-rooming, loyalty programs, etc. On the back end, the ability to streamline operations by pulling together data from operations and supply chains is helping retailers fine-tune their operations (especially from a product delivery standpoint). In Retail, Technology Is King So, what makes retail somewhat of a unique industry in terms of its data needs? I posit that there are four important characteristics. 1. Retail Customers Are Very Open First and foremost, Retail customers (especially millennials) are very open about sharing their brand preferences and experiences on social media. There is a treasure trove of untapped data out there. 2. Leaders Use a Big Data and Other Technology Secondly, leaders such as Amazon use data and a range of other technology capabilities to shape the customer experience. It's the other way around for traditional retailers. They do this based on predictive analytic approaches such as Machine Learning and Deep Learning. Amazon has now morphed from an online retailer to a cloud computing behemoth with its market-leading AWS. In fact, its best in class IT enabled it to experiment with retail business models like the Amazon Prime subscription at $99 per year, which includes a free delivery, music, and video streaming service that competes with Netflix. As of March 31, 2017, Amazon had 80 million Prime subscribers in the U.S., an increase of 36 percent from a year earlier, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. 3. Data Variety Thirdly, retail organizations need to begin relying on data to drive real-time insights about customers, supply chains, and inventory. This data, however, spans from traditional structured data (i.e. sales data, store-level transactions, customer purchase histories, supply chain data, advertising data, etc.) to non-traditional data (i.e. social media feeds, as there is a strong correlation between the products people rave about and what they ultimately purchase, location data, economic performance data, etc.). This data variety represents a huge challenge to retailers in terms of managing, curating, and analyzing these feeds. 4. Retail Needs to Adopt IoT Fourth, retail needs to begin aggressively adopting the IoT capabilities that they already have in place. This implies tapping and analyzing data from in-store beacons, sensors, and actuators to enable new business models. None of the above analysis claims that physical stores are going away. They serve a very important function in allowing consumers a way to try on products and allow for the human experience. However, online definitely is where the growth primarily will be. As for the next and final post in this series, it is very clear from the above that it now makes more sense to talk about a retail ecosystem that is composed of store, online, mobile, and partner storefronts. In that vein, the next post in this two-part series will describe the below four progressive strategies that traditional retailers can adopt to survive and favorably compete in today’s competitive (and increasingly online) marketplace. These are: Reinventing legacy IT approaches:Adopting cloud computing, Big Data, and intelligent middleware to re-engineer retail IT. Changing business models by accelerating the adoption of automation and predictive analytics: Increasing automation rates of core business processes and infusing them with predictive intelligence to improve customer and business responsiveness. Experimenting with Deep Learning capabilities: The use of advanced AI such as Deep Neural Nets to impact the entire lifecycle of retail. Adopting a digital or a "mode 2" mindset across the organization: No technology can transcend a large digital gap without the right organizational culture. The theme across all of the above these strategies is to leverage digital technologies to create immersive cross-channel customer experiences. Learn to design and build better data-rich applications with this free eBook from O’Reilly. Brought to you by Mesosphere DC/OS. Like This Article? Read More From DZone What is Evidence for a Recommender System? How Big Data Is Disrupting Retail Data Science Start-Ups in Focus: BigML Free DZone Refcard R Essentials DOWNLOAD Topics: big data ,retail ,data analytics ,predictive analytics ,data science Like (4) Comment (0) Save Tweet {{ articles[0].views | formatCount}} Views Edit Delete {{ articles[0].isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ articles[0].isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }} Published at DZone with permission of Vamsi Chemitiganti, DZone MVB. See the original article here. Opinions expressed by DZone contributors are their own. Big Data Partner Resources Closing the Gaps in Data Warehousing Panoply How to build infrastructure and data services that deliver real-time customer interactions at scale Mesosphere Data Warehousing Trends Report 2017 Panoply Free O'Reilly eBook: Designing data-intensive applications Mesosphere An Intro to Dataflow Programming for Data Applications Exaptive How a Data Application is Different Than a Data Visualization Exaptive Making Service-Oriented Architecture Serve Big Data Applications Exaptive THE DZONE NEWSLETTER Dev Resources & Solutions Straight to Your Inbox Submit Thanks for subscribing! Awesome! Check your inbox to verify your email so you can start receiving the latest in tech news and resources. X {{ editionName }} {{ node.blurb }} Free {{node.type}} {{ ::node.title }} {{ parent.title || parent.header.title}} {{ parent.tldr }} {{ parent.linkDescription }} {{ parent.urlSource.name }} by {{ parent.authors[0].realName || parent.author}} · {{ parent.articleDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} {{ parent.linkDate | date:'MMM. dd, yyyy' }} · {{ parent.portal.name }} Zone Tweet {{ parent.views }} ViewsClicks Edit Delete {{ parent.isLocked ? 'Enable' : 'Disable' }} comments {{ parent.isLimited ? 'Remove comment limits' : 'Enable moderated comments' }}
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav 2017 Global Online Grocery Industry Analysis and Market Forecasts in Research Report 2022 Orbis Research has announced the addition of the Global Online Grocery Market by company, by country, and by application/type for the competitive landscape analysis. This report studies the global Online Grocery market, analyzes and research the Online Grocery development status and forecast in USA, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Amazon FreshDirect NetGrocer Walmart Safeway Instacart Ocado Peapod Boxed Postmates Taobao Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-online-grocery-market-size-status-and-forecast-2021 . Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers USA EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Online Grocery can be split into Clothing Category Skin Care Category Food category Market segment by Application, Online Grocery can be split into Personal User Business Users Purchase a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/241542 . For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com Company (Top Players) Profiles 1 Amazon 1.1 Company Profile 1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 1.4 Online Grocery Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 1.5 Recent Developments 2 FreshDirect 2.1 Company Profile 2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 2.4 Online Grocery Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 2.5 Recent Developments 3 NetGrocer 1 Company Profile 2 Main Business/Business Overview 3 Products, Services and Solutions 4 Online Grocery Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 5 Recent Developments 4 Walmart 4.1 Company Profile 4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 4.4 Online Grocery Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 4.5 Recent Developments 5 Safeway 5.1 Company Profile 5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 5.4 Online Grocery Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 5.5 Recent Developments 6 Instacart 6.1 Company Profile 6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 6.4 Online Grocery Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 6.5 Recent Developments 7 Ocado 7.1 Company Profile 7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 7.4 Online Grocery Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 7.5 Recent Developments 8 Peapod 8.1 Company Profile 8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 8.4 Online Grocery Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 8.5 Recent Developments 9 Boxed 9.1 Company Profile 9.2 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Products, Services and Solutions 9.4 Online Grocery Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 9.5 Recent Developments 10 Postmates 10.1 Company Profile 10.2 Main Business/Business Overview 10.3 Products, Services and Solutions 10.4 Online Grocery Revenue (Value) 2012-2017 10.5 Recent Developments 11 Google Express 12 Asda 13 Morrisons 14 Tesco 15 … Request a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/241542 . CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Tagsglobal online grocery industry 2017, global online grocery industry 2022, global online grocery market, Online Grocery Market, Orbisresearch, technology market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Education First: Giv dit barn den bedste oplevelse med EF LEGO® Studio Sommercamp, hvor sprogundervisning kombineres med sjov Next PostNext Global Sportswear Market 2017 Segmentation, Demand, Growth, Trend, Opportunity and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Cardiopulmonary Resuscitation CPR Market Research, Growth Opportunities, Key Players, Outlook and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Micro Catheter Market Research, Growth Opportunities, Key Players, Outlook and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Global Electric Guitar Market Size, Share, Trends and Forecast Analysis of Top Countries 2017-2022 EMEA Cranial and Facial Implants Market Research Report, Industry Analysis and Growth Forecast from 2017 to 2021 Dream Global REIT Delivers Strong Q1 Results and Reports Double-Digit FFO and AFFO Per Unit Growth RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All News All News UK News World News Politics Opinion 'I'M A PRISONER' Woman ‘finds shocking note from Chinese slave begging for help inside Walmart purse’ The unnamed shopper in Sierra Vista, Arizona, USA, said the author claimed to be forced to work 14 hours a day on little food By Tom Michael 3rd May 2017, 7:51 am Updated: 3rd May 2017, 7:52 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments A US woman has revealed a note she says she found in a purse from Walmart claiming to be from a Chinese slave worker begging for help. The note, which was written completely in Chinese, was found by the unnamed woman in Sierra Vista, Arizona. KPTV 1 The woman said she got the note translated three times to be sure what it said The woman said she bought the purse from a branch of US supermarket giant Walmart. She claims she had the message translated three times to be sure of what it said, according to Fox12. The note’s author said he or she was a prisoner in China. Most read in news QUEEN'S MYSTERY MEETING Queen 'calls ENTIRE staff to emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace this morning' but mystery surrounds reason why BARE FACED CHEEK Outrage as Playboy model Jaylene Cook, 25, poses NAKED on top of a sacred Maori mountain in New Zealand TAKING THE P! Dad slapped with £60 fine for taking son, 6, out of school for term-time Egypt holiday pays entire penalty in PENNIES ROYAL MEETING Queen calls 'all royal staff' into emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace - live blog CLOSE CALL Photographers accused of snapping topless Kate Middleton have faced court - what are they said to have done? feud on the number 80 Bus driver forced to step in during shocking foul-mouthed rant after dad argues with disabled woman over seat eu sneaky lot Theresa May accuses the EU of deliberately trying to undermine the General Election with cynically-timed threats over our Brexit deal ARE YOU THE LUCKY WINNER? Winning Lotto numbers for Wednesday 3 May 2017 £11.5million jackpot STRANGER'S HEROICS Homeless men and their dog living in car park mocked by cruel trolls before stranger steps in to help 'THE F***ING B******S HAVE TAKEN HER' Kate McCann's tormented screams on the night Madeleine went missing are revealed by witnesses BALCONY HORROR PLUNGE Sickening moment mum ‘throws body of her 12-year-old daughter from ninth-floor after smothering her to death’ ‘GET OUT NOW’ China urges citizens to evacuate North Korea IMMEDIATELY as nuclear standoff with US hots up FLYING THE FLAG Buckingham Palace flag still at full mast as emergency meeting sparks fears for Queen and Prince Philip COMPO KLUTZ Bizarre moment office worker smashes fire sprinkler into her own FACE in bid for bogus compensation claim after it fell from ceiling on to her desk SEX, DRUGS AND BARACK 'N' ROLL Barack Obama partied on cocaine, continued seeing ex when he started dating Michelle and even considered gay relationship with uni professor, says new biography couple held over tycoon shooting Couple arrested over millionaire businessman's death in botched burglary DADDY ROULETTE Woman pregnant after three-night tryst with male escort LOSES legal bid to force hotel to release name THE FLOATING DEAD Mystery of the North Korean ghost ships filled with ROTTING CORPSES that have been washing ashore in Japan NOTHING TO DECLARE Naked woman filmed strolling through airport before bending over and yelling obscenities GREAT ESCAPE Bloodied kidnap victim found running down a Canary Islands road with rope around his neck The writer said they are being forced to work for 14 hours a day with little food or medical attention. Similar letters have been traced back to other stores such as K-Mart in the past, Fox12 reports. The woman said she doesn’t have the means to help the prisoner but hopes something good comes from sharing the note. Note from Chinese 'prisoner' begging for help found inside Walmart purse A spokesperson for Walmart told The Sun Online: “We care that our products are sourced responsibly and transparently, and we take allegations like this seriously. “We’ve been unable to locate a record of the customer contacting us. “If she provides us with the purse and the note, we will investigate and take any appropriate action. “With the limited information we now have, it is difficult to verify the letter’s authenticity.” We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368   The Sun Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular QUEEN'S MYSTERY MEETING Queen 'calls ENTIRE staff to emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace this morning' but mystery… News Exclusive ANT A-GREIZ DEAL Antoine Griezmann agrees £280,000-a-week Man Utd deal after Atletico Madrid all-but blow Champions… Football BARE FACED CHEEK Outrage as Playboy model Jaylene Cook, 25, poses NAKED on top of a sacred Maori mountain in New Zealand News Pictured under THE KNIFE? Retired WWE legend the Undertaker heads into New York hospital with wife Michelle McCool... and could he be… Sport CHILLING CHALLENGE The Blue Whale 'suicide game' is goading teens into taking their own lives with fears it's reached Britain Tech NOT AGAIN! Brooklyn Beckham left fuming after he finds parking ticket slapped on £37k Mercedes TV & Showbiz Roo is it? Wayne Rooney names the one and only player Sir Alex Ferguson never shouted at Football Exclusive MAKING HIS MARK ON HOLLYWOOD Mark Wright jetting off like wife Michelle Keegan after landing huge TV gig in US TV & Showbiz PLAYING THE PRICE Katie Price 'doesn't care what Peter Andre thinks' and is determined to change Princess's surname TV & Showbiz KIM KARDASHI-BUM Amazing candid pictures show Kim Kardashian and Kourtney in bikinis on Mexico beach TV & Showbiz SIMPLY STUNNING Ashley Graham shows off eye-popping curves as she strips NAKED in sizzling photoshoot TV & Showbiz 'I COULD DRINK A RUSSIAN UNDER THE TABLE' Brad Pitt opens up about his battle with alcohol which wrecked his marriage to… TV & Showbiz Ant could dec will Willian fighting for Chelsea place as Antonio Conte plots summer shakeup of squad Football dear deidre I had a threesome with my partner and her best pal - but we're still having sex Living TAKING THE P! Dad slapped with £60 fine for taking son, 6, out of school for term-time Egypt holiday pays entire… News Just Published QUEEN'S MYSTERY MEETING Queen 'calls ENTIRE staff to emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace this morning' but mystery… News SEX, DRUGS AND BARACK 'N' ROLL Barack Obama partied on cocaine, continued seeing ex when he started dating Michelle and even… News QUEEN'S COMPANION He is the Duke of Edinburgh, the husband of the Queen - but who is Prince Philip really? News FLYING THE FLAG Buckingham Palace flag still at full mast as emergency meeting sparks fears for Queen and Prince Philip News Live Blog ROYAL MEETING Queen calls 'all royal staff' into emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace - live blog News Class blade bid Police urge schools to install metal scanners in bid to stop pupils carrying knives News Exclusive MCCANNS BACKED Top cop stresses Madeleine McCann's parents 'not suspects' in her disappearance News Fireman's lift Hero firefighter in tears as boy he saved surprises him by walking into retirement do News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory On the Record Police, Fire – May 3 By Staff Reports - 5/3/17 2:51 AM Franklin Thefts Walmart, 2125 U.S. 31 North: Police responded at 3:36 p.m. Monday to a report of shoplifting. Report made at police department, 2801 U.S. 31 North: Police responded at 12:08 p.m. Monday to a report of a stolen vehicle containing electronics. Greenwood Battery Menard’s, 300 Marlin Drive: Police responded at 5:43 p.m. Monday to a report of battery. Criminal mischief First block of Pimlico Way: Police responded at 7:14 a.m. Monday to a report of vehicle damage. Fraud 1100 block of Emerson Avenue: Police responded at 10:47 a.m. Monday to a report of fraud. 500 block of Carol Drive: Police responded at 1:56 p.m. Monday to a report of theft. Thefts Holiday Inn Express, 1180 Wilson Drive: Police responded at 3:09 p.m. Monday to a report of computers and other electronics stolen out of a company van. Johnson County Thefts 5300 block of Mount Pleasant Street, Greenwood: Police responded at 7:05 a.m. Monday to a report of a stolen cargo trailer. The following people recently were arrested and booked into the Johnson County jail: Emily Parrish, 19, 6083 Porter Road, Nineveh; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; held on $350 bond. Matthew Ryan Nelson, 25, 501 N. Grant St., Edinburgh; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; held on $768 bond. Gina J. Jesse, 30, 3034 Silver Cliff Circle, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; released on $500 bond. Zachary A. Kohl, 27, 1203 Orchard Lane, Franklin; arrested on a charge of theft; released on $1,000 bond. Melissa Gail Brown, 38, 1117 E. Main St., Greenwood; arrested for probation revocation; held without bond. Erick Matthew Kilpatrick, 25, 70 W. Jefferson St., Apt. 3, Franklin; arrested on a charge of failing to register as a sex offender; held on $6,600 bond. Kevin Patrick Feeney, 45, 230 N. Holmes, Apt. B, Franklin; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; held without bond. Lawrence David Basil, 56, 207 14th St., Franklin; arrested on a charge of parole violation; held without bond. Breazeale W. Norris, 22, 5102 Pike Creek Lane, Indianapolis; arrested on charges of false reporting, counterfeiting and obstruction of justice and on out-of-county warrants; held without bond. Elisa R. Ferguson, 24, 186 1/2 N. Meridian St., Greenwood; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; released on $750 bond. Richard Dwayne Hacker, 34, 4848 N. County Road 350 East, Whiteland; arrested on a charge of driving while suspended; held on $1,000 bond. Michael K. Nyangbe, 23, 4705 Falcon Run Way, Indianapolis; arrested on charges of theft or receiving stolen property and auto theft or receiving stolen parts; held on $2,200 bond. Robert Clayton Popplewell, 32, 30 Thurman Drive, Whiteland; arrested on a charge of domestic battery; held without bond. Khaleeq Dominque Williams, 25, 3928 Planewood Drive, Indianapolis; arrested on charges of cocaine, narcotics or methamphetamine, possession of a controlled substance and possession of marijuana; held on $3,200 bond. Samantha Unland, 23, 984 3rd Ave. NW, Carmel; arrested on a charge of possession of paraphernalia; held on $1,000 bond. Nicholas J. Hammel, 35, 1117 E. Main St., Room 214, Greenwood; arrested on a charge of possession of paraphernalia; held on $1,000 bond. Matthew Robert Crist, 33, 8809 S. County Road 825 East, Cloverdale; arrested on charges of probation violation and domestic batter; held without bond. Vern Edward Purtlebaugh, 33, 3522 Timbercrest Drive, Columbus; arrested on a charge of theft; held on $1,250 bond. Samantha K. Stephens, 48, 3010 W. Roberts Road, Trafalgar; arrested on a charge of conversion; released on $250 bond. Micah William Krieg, 27, 225 W. Elbert, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; held on $500 bond. Emily Parrish, 19, 6083 Porter Road, Nineveh; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; held on $350 bond. Matthew Ryan Nelson, 25, 501 N. Grant St., Edinburgh; arrested on a warrant for failing to appear in court; held on $768 bond. STAY CONNECTED 12,353FansLike 3,731FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © 2017 Daily Journal unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     NES Classic Stock Spotted At ToysRUs, Target And Walmart Posted: May 3 2017, 8:09am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: May 4 2017, 1:48am CDT, in News | Technology News     The Nintendo NES Classic is not sold out yet. Here is where shoppers can find it in May. The discontinued NES Classic Edition can still be found in stock on May 3rd. Officially the NES Classic Edition is history, according to a Nintendo statement, but retailers are still getting new inventory.  Don't Miss: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con in Stock Online Today there are 94 Walmart stores and 38 Target stores flagged to have the NES Classic in stock as of 9:00am ET. The number of stores that have the NES Classic in stock has dropped dramatically, but the NES Classic gets now restocked at other stores. People report on social media that they spotted the NES Classic at ToysRUs stores. A TRU store in Cedar Hill, Texas received six NES Classic consoles, according to redditor. NES hunters can check iStockNow for the latest stock updates as well as BrickSeek for Target and Walmart stores. To find NES Classic at ToysRUs stores, shoppers have to visit their local store to find out. There are also whispers that GameStop is restocking the NES Classic. GameStop stores are flagged by iStockNow when they have stock. It does though also make sense to just pop into a GameStop location when making the rounds in the mall. GameStop has sold NES Classic bundles in the past online. To get notified on your phone, use our new Tracker App. Reseller prices for the NES Classic are still around $270 as arrival of new NES Classic stock is keeping prices in check. The lowest priced Nintendo NES Classic console sells for $275 plus shipping on amazon.com. Prices might stay at this level and not explode. Some predict that the NES Classic could fetch $500 once the inventory is completely sold out. The reseller prices have been over $300 early April, right after the announcement that Nintendo stops making the NES Classic. Now prices came down quite a bit amidst the new NES Classic Edition stock. For collectors the original NES Classic controller is a hot ticket. Prices for the $9.99 NES Classic controller are around $200 on eBay now. The $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic Edition console launched on November 11 in stores and online. The supply was extremely constraint in stores and especially online. On April 13, Nintendo announced to stop production of the NES Classic Edition. Nintendo said that the last shipments of the NES Classic arrive through April. We keep spotting though the $59.99 NES Classic Edition in May. The palm-sized NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. The ability to mod the NES Classic and install an unlimited number of games has renewed the hype around the retro console. The latest hack enables the NES Classic to store 2,500 games. The 80s retro console launched on November 11, 2016. As of Aprl 27, 2017, Nintendo has sold 2.3 million NES Classic Edition. Read the latest Nintendo NES Classic updates and find other hard to find products with The Tracker. Updated: 2017-05-04 01:45:04am Offers Nintendo NES Classic Edition Store: Best Buy Price: $59.99 Availability: Nintendo NES Classic Edition Store: Walmart Price: $399 Availability: Nintendo NES Classic Edition Store: Amazon Price: $253.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Fidget Spinners Cannot Help People with Autism, ADHD and Anxiety 1 hour ago Nintendo Switch Stock Updates for May 3 14 hours ago, 11:47am CDT degree, A New In-Ear Wearable Simplifies Taking Care of Kids with Fever 14 hours ago, 10:51am CDT Video of Xbox Project Scorpio Dev Kit Draws Excitement 15 hours ago, 10:27am CDT Nintendo Switch Neon Red and Blue Joy-Con Are In Stock Now Online 15 hours ago, 10:03am CDT China to Launch Wikipedia Rival Next Year 11 hours ago, 1:49pm CDT Yalu102 Beta 8 is under development 14 hours ago, 11:37am CDT Pangu Jailbreak for iOS 10.3.1 will be released after iOS 10.3.2 is out for public 14 hours ago, 11:28am CDT Sony PlayStation 5 will be released later this year! 14 hours ago, 11:21am CDT HoverBike Transforms Hoverboards into 4 Wheel Scooter 15 hours ago, 10:46am CDT WowWee Turbo Dave Minion MiP Robot Ships this Month 16 hours ago, 9:42am CDT How to Watch Eta Aquarid Meteor Shower This Week 16 hours ago, 8:49am CDT Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia DLC Details Revealed 17 hours ago, 8:25am CDT 2017 Tony Award Nominations: 5 Facts to Know 17 hours ago, 8:04am CDT NASA's SOFIA Finds Solar System Similar to Ours 17 hours ago, 7:53am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News The Tracker App by I4U News App Finds Rare Products in Stock Online iMac Pro is in the Works   The Best Gadgets of 2017 Nintendo Switch to Match Nintendo Wii Success says Nintendo President Technology News Fidget Spinners Cannot Help People with Autism, ADHD and Anxiety 1 hour ago Nintendo Switch Stock Updates for May 3 14 hours ago, 11:47am CDT degree, A New In-Ear Wearable Simplifies Taking Care of Kids with Fever 14 hours ago, 10:51am CDT Video of Xbox Project Scorpio Dev Kit Draws Excitement 15 hours ago, 10:27am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Fidget Spinners Cannot Help People with Autism, ADHD and Anxiety 1 hour ago China to Launch Wikipedia Rival Next Year 11 hours ago, 1:49pm CDT Nintendo Switch Stock Updates for May 3 14 hours ago, 11:47am CDT Yalu102 Beta 8 is under development 14 hours ago, 11:37am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN EVENTS APPS News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy I-Team Manhunt Monday Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Football Bowl Coverage Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Summer Break Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout WAAY TO WIN Events Apps Contact Us About Us WATCH LIVE 4:30-7 am 11 am 5 pm 6 pm 7 pm 10 pm Weather Nation 66° Huntsville, AL (35801) Today Rain. Thunderstorms possible...mainly in the afternoon. High near 65F. Winds SSW at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 90%.. Tonight Cloudy skies early with showers later at night. Low 47F. Winds WSW at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation News News Decatur Huntsville Sand Mountain Shoals Live Stream The Healthy WAAY Techguy I-Team Manhunt Monday Submit News Weather Weather Main Radar Weather 101 Weather Watchers Weather Nation Live Severe Weather Guide WeatherCall Weather Blog Weather Classroom Sports Sports Main High School Football Bowl Coverage Video Live Stream and Radar All Videos Redstone Redstone Redstone 75th Anniversary Space Space Tech Tech TV Shows TV Shows TV Listings Dream Home Cooking Law Line Guerrilla Politics TN Valley Pros TN Valley Pros Community Million Dollar Investment Hometown Heroes MedCall Summer Break WATCH LIVE 4:30-7am 11am 5pm 6pm 7pm 10pm Close 1 of 2 Photo: Decatur Police Surveillance shows what police believe is the theft suspect's car. Have you seen this man? Police are looking for this Decatur Walmart theft suspect Travis Leder tleder@waaytv.com Travis Leder May 2, 2017 Updated May 2, 2017 0 Photo: Decatur Police Decatur police are looking for a man who is accused of taking a shopping cart full of merchandise from a local Walmart. Police say this man, who has yet to be identified, entered the Decatur Walmart at 2800 Spring Court April 13. Investigators say surveillance video shows the man taking a large amount of merchandise, putting it in a shopping cart and escaping through a fire exit door. +1  Surveillance shows what police believe is the theft suspect's car. Police believe this suspect left the Walmart driving a newer model white Cadillac sedan shown in this photo. Decatur police ask anyone with information on this suspect to call 256-341-4846. Travis Leder Follow Travis Leder Close Get email notifications on Travis Leder daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Travis Leder posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Travis Leder Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Tennessee Kidnapping Tad Cummins possibly headed back to Tennessee to face charges AMBER Alert tipster receives $10,000 reward Documents: Tennessee teen abused by mom before kidnapping by teacher Man who found Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas to get reward Tad Cummins to return to Tennessee to face charges Counselor explains Elizabeth Thomas's possible thought process Prosecutors: Tad Cummins wanted to flee to Mexico with Elizabeth Thomas Tad Cummins due in court for Elizabeth Thomas disappearance Psychologist talks warning signs of sexual abuse and road to recovery Attorney: Elizabeth Thomas reunited with family Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles TVA urges boaters to stay off of the Tennessee River UPDATE: Jackson County inmate still at large after another escapee captured Florence man indicted on rape and sodomy charges UPDATE: 1 dead after tree falls on woman in Lincoln County Good Samaritan buys rocking chair for Shoals baby after viral Facebook post Officers: Woman agreed to swap sex for $25, chicken McNuggets UPDATE: NWS confirms Sunday tornado south of Eva Teachers arrested, accused of bullying 11-year-old girl UPDATE: Man surrenders to police after shooting, standoff near Old Madison Pike Is the state holding some of your money? Here's how to find out Images Videos Commented Two dogs killed in attack in Harvest neighborhood within 10 minutes of each other (3) UPDATE: Jackson County inmate still at large after another escapee captured (2) UPDATE: Huntsville considering turning Joe Davis Stadium into 10,000-seat amphitheater (2) TVA to eliminate handguns from nuclear power plant security (2) VIDEO: Possible looting at fire-damaged Dollar General caught on camera (1) UPDATE: Suspects behind Huntsville meth lab previously accused of child endangerment (1) You won't hear a weather warning siren in Sylvania today -- or ever again (1) Some GOP lawmakers push against Oklahoma anti-abortion bills (1) Shoals lawmaker calls for former governor Bentley aide Rebekah Mason to be investigated (1) ABC Poll: 96 percent of Trump supporters would still vote for him today (1) WAAY to Win a Keurig! Watch Liz at 4:30-6 am for the day's high and a chance to win a brand new K50 Keurig Coffee Maker and 2 WAAY Mugs! Hometown Heroes Nominate someone you think is deserving to be called a Hometown Hero! Star99 App download Stream Today's Best Music Anywhere with The Star 99 streaming app. One Million Dollar Community Investment Non-profits can apply for a portion of the $1 million dollars in the form of “media grants” that we will award on a regular basis. Traffic Center For traffic news and updates follow us at the traffic center.  Connect with Us Join our many social media apps. Connect with our talent and follow for news updates.  Weather Nation 24 hour live streaming weather service.  Email Newsletter Sign-up for our newsletters and stay informed.  RoadWAAY Warrior For local traffic updates and road way information.  TN Valley Pros Tennessee Valley Pros where you'll find access to the leading experts in the Huntsville, AL area. Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Events May 4 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Thu, May 4, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. May 4 The Enrichment Center Golf Classic Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 11:00 am May 4 The Enrichment Center Golf Classic Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 11:00 am May 4 Huntsville Summer Gallery Tour @ Lowe Mill A&E Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 5:00 pm Free May 4 Margs at the Museum Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 6:00 pm $25.00 May 4 Madison County Democratic Women's JFK Scholarship Dinner Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 7:00 pm $50-100 May 4 Gary Nichols In Concert Thu, May 4, 2017 @ 7:30 pm $25 May 5 OLLI at UAH Spring Term Fri, May 5, 2017 — all day Annual membership $16 and an $85 course fees covers up to four courses. May 5 Harlequin Jazz Band Concerts on the Dock Fri, May 5, 2017 @ 6:00 pm $5 donation May 5 the Retrovales & Owls and Other Animlas Fri, May 5, 2017 @ 7:00 pm $5 donation May 6 The Hornet Hero 5K and 1 Mile Fun Run Sat, May 6, 2017 @ 8:00 am May 6 Hosta Society of North Alabama Hosta Sale and Workshops Sat, May 6, 2017 @ 8:00 am Free May 6 Hosta Society of North Alabama Hosta Sale and Workshops Sat, May 6, 2017 @ 8:00 am Free May 6 1864 Reenactment Base Ball Game @ Lowe Mill A&E Sat, May 6, 2017 @ 12:30 pm Free May 6 Elvis Show and Hawaiian Luau Sat, May 6, 2017 @ 5:00 pm $10 - $40 Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates For daily news updates and when Breaking News occurs. Manage your lists Sections News Weather Sports Trending Contests Videos Redstone Space Tech Million Dollar Community Investment Online Features Services Full TV Episodes Team About Contact Employment Contact Information waaytv.com 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL 35801 Phone: 256-533-3131 Email: newsroom@waaytv.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 WAAY-TV, 1000 Monte Sano Blvd Huntsville, AL | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ University of Arkansas film focuses on the Arkansas, national strawberry industry Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics House approves resolution to adopt impeachment rules ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Lawmakers end special session with $103 million reserve fund, changes to Arkansas Works Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info Tyson Foods, Cobb-Vantress partner with OneEgg to launch sustainable egg farm in Haiti Video / Podcasts AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Senate President Dismang shares thoughts on healthcare, taxes and executions TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Arkansas executions and playing tennis at the White House with Jay Dickey U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman says healthcare reform has to happen Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail USA Truck posts first quarter loss of $4.9 million, predicts an income gain in the third quarter ATRI releases list of 6 research priorities for 2017 The Supply Side: Wal-Mart suppliers could see new opportunities with Lidl P.A.M. first quarter earnings fall 22%, revenue rises 5% Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Swath of Pocahontas underwater, more flooding predicted throughout Northeast Arkansas BusinessNortheast ArkansasTalk Politics by George Jared (gjared@talkbusiness.net) 1 day ago 628 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet Pocahontas flooding (Source: Air Evac Lifeteam 02 - Paragould via Facebook) Floodwaters topped the primary earthen levee along the Black River in Pocahontas Tuesday, swamping the city’s eastern side. U.S. 67 connecting the city to points east has been shutdown, and a slew of businesses including the town’s Walmart Supercenter and McDonald’s were inundated by water in the early afternoon. The river is now predicted to crest at 31.5-feet, more than three feet higher than the all-time record set in 2011 when the town was decimated by floodwaters. Officials have kept a wary eye on an Arkansas Highway and Transportation construction barge near the U.S. 67 bridge. AHTD officials told Randolph County Judge David Jansen the barge is tightly secured. If the barge were to turn loose in the swirling waters, it could damage or destroy piers on the old bridge that is still in use. If the bridge were significantly damaged or destroyed, it would make the worst flood in Randolph County history even more damaging, Jansen said. “They say it’s secure, so we will have to wait and see,” the judge said. “Right now, our focus is on saving lives and keeping our people safe.” Jansen doesn’t think the river will crest at 31.5-feet for one ominous reason. As water rushes over the levee it will degrade and breaches or holes will form. More water will be released and it should help stabilize the water levels, but that means the water will envelop the surrounding area, he said. There are more than 100 county roads under water and the damage is impossible to estimate at this juncture, he said. Gov. Asa Hutchinson visited the region Tuesday. He toured flooded areas in Randolph, Sharp, and Lawrence counties, according to information released by his office. He encouraged residents in the flood’s path to heed warnings and evacuate. “There is no reason to put first responders in danger,” A.J. Gary, director of the Department of Emergency Management said. “We can’t stress enough the importance for people to evacuate.” Randolph County Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Tim Scott told Talk Business & Politics the economic impact will be “astronomical.” There are more than 500 businesses in Pocahontas and the surrounding county, and virtually all will be affected by the floods. Even if those businesses aren’t in the direct path of water, customers cannot get out to shop or work, and that will devastate the local economy. He owns a local radio station, and the water has risen five feet in his own building. “Who can fathom what we are going through right now?” Scott asked rhetorically. “If you would have told me I’d be off the air for a week because of a flood, I’d tell you that you were nuts. It happened in 2011, and it could happen again now. This will probably be much worse than 2011.” The area’s largest employer, Peco Foods will likely be shut down for at least several days, Scott said. It employs about 1,000 workers and the company needs several hundred more. Each day the plant processes 200,000 chickens, or about 1.4 million per week, Scott said. Its primary customer is Buffalo Wild Wings, he said. A lot of production has been moved to the company’s Batesville plant. The Pocahontas processing plant sits on a plain not far from the levee. The plant itself was built on higher ground, but Scott doesn’t know if that will keep the waters away. Attempts to reach Peco officials have been unsuccessful. If the plant were down for an extended period, it would result in millions of dollars in lost wages. How the company will deal with these issues is uncertain. Even if the plant isn’t flooded, it sits on U.S. 67 and the last flood shut the highway down for more than a week, meaning workers couldn’t get to work even if they wanted, he said. At least 300 people have been evacuated from eastern Pocahontas, according to official estimates. About 150 homes have received some damage and the numbers are expected to rise. Along Pace Road, one of the hardest hit areas, the state unemployment office, the county jail and the state health department office are located. Scott said those buildings will receive significant damage. More bad news may be on the way in the form of more rain. The National Weather Service is predicting showers for Wednesday and possibly Thursday. It will also rain in southern Missouri, the source of the flood waters on the Black River. What will happen once the waters flow south is anybody’s guess. In 2011, communities throughout Northeast Arkansas were damaged or destroyed by floods that started along the Black River in Pocahontas, and the cleanup took years and the economic impact was hundreds of millions of dollars. Jansen has dealt with his share of natural catastrophes. Before the record floods in 2011, the county had a near record flood in 2008 that swamped many parts of Pocahontas. A once in a generation ice storm paralyzed the county and surrounding counties in 2009. Many were without power for weeks after the entire electrical grid was damaged by heavy ice accumulations. “It’s going to be a record, that’s all I can say,” Jansen said. “We can’t control mother nature.” Comments comments Previous post House Speaker files resolution to outline impeachment proceedings, lawmaker says Judge Griffen is target Next post Year-to-date Arkansas tax revenue up 0.4%, below the budget forecast by $87.5 million Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, drug money, ‘far away eyes,’ and gum and trinkets Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Latest Popular House approves resolution to adopt impeachment rules 6 hours ago ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ 6 hours ago University of Arkansas film focuses on the Arkansas, national strawberry industry 7 hours ago Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods 8 hours ago Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold 8 hours ago Southwestern Energy plans to double drilling in Moorefield Shale in north-central Arkansas 5,189 views Broker, City Director Keith Lau launches plan for new development in downtown Fort Smith  4,673 views Weldon, Williams & Lick to expand in deal with Florida ticket company 2,092 views For banker Johnny Allison, there’s nothing like a little Cuban credit, opportunity and hospitality 2,057 views Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info 1,919 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
North Dallas Gazette The North Dallas Gazette provides information and African American community news and events. Home NDG Entertainment NDG Art Reviews NDG Gossip NDG BookShelf Contest Holiday Community Updates Allen Carrollton Frisco Garland Irving McKinney Plano Richardson Politics National Politics Local Politics Op Ed NDG Marketplace About Us Reflection of a Leader Birth of Minority Opportunity News October 2000 – MON Says Farewell To Dallas History Making Dates Irving–Carrollton NAACP Honors North Dallas Gazette at Banquet Board Members Awards Further Recognition Contact North Dallas Gazette Staff and Team Advertising Digital Marketing Print Advertising Subscriptions Archives 1992 to 1999 Archives 2000-2009 Archives 2010-2019 Archives 2016 Archives 2017 Archives You are here: Home / Politics / Op Ed / False Reality: 11 Things I learned after serving 15 years in federal prison False Reality: 11 Things I learned after serving 15 years in federal prison May 1, 2017 No Comments Author Clifford ‘Spud’ Johnson at a recent book signing (Courtesy photo) By: Clifford ‘Spud” Johnson I have been home for 27 months after completing a 15 year and 11 month sentence in federal prison for conspiracy to distribute 16.5 kilos of crack cocaine. Going to prison for the very first time in my life without actually getting caught for selling drugs was hard enough for me. I mean yes, I did sell drugs but the federal conspiracy charge is so broad that a person does not need to be caught selling drugs as long as they have enough proof against you to make the charge stick. As I mentioned, doing time was hard for me but I made the best of it by penning several novels and signing a book deal with Carl Weber’s Urban Books- America’s largest African American book distributor. Yes, I went from distributing drugs to distributing books. With that accomplishment under my belt I felt I was ready for society for certain. I mean my books are in Walmart, Barnes & Noble and all major retail store, the sky is the limit right? NOPE! Like us on Facebook for the latest news Upon my release, I had to address and I am still addressing issues that no counseling class the federal government provided could have ever prepare me for. I chose to document this in hopes that it can help someone who will have to address these same issues after being released from federal and state prison. I chose 11 because the number 11 has always been a number that has been special to me. I’ll explain that at a later. So here they are.   (1) Support System My support system was tremendous. I mean no man could ever have been as blessed as I was upon my release. I had family and loved ones who took care of me in every way. This included buying me clothes, providing me with a cell phone, and bringing me food to the halfway house. Everything I needed was given to me. Cool! But as I look at it now it was not really cool because I took that for granted and every time something got rough for me I had my hand out expecting family and friends to give – give – give. Their generosity became a crutch I felt would lead me to making bad decisions. Thankfully, I had some tough love given to me from Tezlyn Figaro who woke me up! Thank you Tezlyn, with your words of encouragement and patience I was able to get me to a point (finally) where I had to man up and take care of myself. My point, please don not come home and take for granted the blessings your loved ones give, accept them humbly and get yourself your own! Trust me you will love the feeling.   (2) Technology WOW is all I can say to start this. I left in 1999 and returned in 2015 to a world so fast for me that I was terrified. I mean the simple stuff like using a cell phone freaked me out. I thought I could just get a smart phone take it in a room and figure it out. WRONG! Even though it is now so simple to me, at first it had me actually scared. I didn’t know how to tap the phone to make the keys show. I didn’t know how to check my emails on my phone. I had hell sending a text! This may not be too uncommon to those who have knowledge of this, but to those who have left in the 90s to return to this hi-tech world – it is a straight trip. Cash ruled my world, to come home and get a debit card was strange to me. But I got it now LOL. However, the technology changes by the day and I’m still learning and trying to keep up!   (3) Battling Temptations I was blessed by family and friends and so many other ways. I was blessed enough to get a job 16 days after my release. I know this is sad to say, but this was the first job I ever had and I was 45 years old. All I knew was the hustle from the streets, but now I was in what I like to call the Johnny Square world. So, I had to be able to adapt to it. I had to be Johnny Square for the first time in my life and I was scared to death. Could I do this? Will I be able to get used to getting up going to work for eight hours a day for $11.25 a hour? You damn right I could! And I did it. I mean I was scared true, but I embraced my fears and went to work proudly every single day. On time and worked overtime without issue. I felt real good about myself and was quite proud. Up until payday. Every time payday came instead of being happy about the honest money I’ve earned I felt like WTF!? I used to blow this on Jordans, clothes and clubbing. I would look at my check and be like fuck this, I gotta get my hustle on. But after a day or so that would fade because I would think about standing up at four o’clock count in the feds and be like nope, no fucking way am I ever doing that again. So I put those temptations to rest and kept right on working and loving it. Does the temptation ever go away? NO. I refuse to fall for the temptations of the game because I know what it will lead too and I’ve come too far now to fail. My point is you have to dig deep into your inner soul, pray hard every single night and stay focused on your freedom. God is so good always believe that.   (4) Managing Check to Check Managing money was also a hard one for me because I was used to having what I want — when I wanted it. But my money wasn’t long and I learned quickly that fact was real. You have to set yourself up a budget quick fast and in a hurry once you see what you are making. If you do not those temptations I spoke on will eat at you until you break. MANAGE WHAT YOU EARN! PLEASE DO THIS ASAP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   (5) The Simple Things I was amazed at how the simple things in life that no one who has been to prison, even think about, had me shocked. Going to the grocery store, Walmart or the mall was so fascinating to me. Everything and everyone seemed to move so fast! While I was on my federal vacay I dreamt of how it would feel like to walk in the mall and go shopping. I couldn’t wait! Yet it took me literally two years before I actually did it! It was like being around so many people made me nervous. Weird right? I mean how can I feel like that when I had just did 15 plus years around 2,000 or more men every day. Trust me it is not the same. My point is this will take time, but you will gradually adjust and when you do it is going to feel great!   (6) Family Dynamics Everyone’s family dynamics are different. However, for those who left young kids when you went to prison, you will have some heavy challenges to face when you return home, My sons were 5 and 2 years old when I left. They were 18 and 21 when I returned. Having to acknowledge them as young men was very difficult to me. I did not want to come home and be strict and tough on them. Yet I did not want to be too soft either. It’s a fine balance you have to face. The best advice I can give is try to form the best communication you can with your kids.   (7) Pride Pride sometimes can be good and bad. For me it was a little of both. It felt so good when I got approved for my 2008 Impala. The first car I owned without using ill-gotten gains. I worked hard for my money and I appreciated and loved my car! Yes, it is seven years old but it is my pride and joy! I take care of my car in every way. Funny, because before I went to prison I had new whips like it wasn’t nothing. Lowriders, big rims loud music and all that, but now that is the last thing I think about. Even if I could afford that stuff it does not mean nothing to me anymore. I am more focused on being able to pay my rent on time and take care of my bills. And that’s what makes me so proud of myself. I’m taking care of me and love it! I will not fake it with you though, sometimes pride puts me in a bad way. When I am around people I tend to think I don’t look as good as them, because I may have on less expensive clothes or whatever. I try to shake it off but it’s not easily done. I know it’s because I was used to having the best of the best but I’m not in the 90s anymore! Those days are over! And I keep reminding myself of that every single day. You have to in order to overcome the negatives that come from pride like that. Again, I pray and keep the faith and God has held me down. TRUST IN HIM!   (8) Pride 2.0 Pride and ego combined can be so detrimental to you and that takes prayer and a whole lot of thinking. If you don’t think before you move ,your ego can get you twisted fast and I’ve had some close encounters that scared me to death. Respect, is something that is demanded when on the other side of the fence, but what we deem respect inside —  is totally different outside in the REAL world. I’ve had to learn quickly and I beg you to do the same. Someone can say something you think is disrespectful and you will snap quick if you don’t think before you respond. I’ve almost had a fight with my boss at work because of my ego and simple mind state I brought home from prison. So PLEASE don’t let your ego or false pride as being a man do this to you because it will lead you into a wreck fast!   (9) Past Guilt Your homeboys, friends, homegirls, family, kids whomever will try to put you on a mean guilt trip in someway or the other. Especially if you were the bread winner when you were home. Don’t let that happen! The past is the past and you can’t go back in time, you only can live in the now. That false sense of obligation will be detrimental to everything you are trying to accomplish now. I’m not saying do not be there for your love ones, but if you can’t do something for them don’t let anyone guilt you. It will hurt you in more ways than one. TRUST ME!   (10) Health Most of us when we return home from prison are in the best physical health of our lives. The foods we consumed in prison can affect your appetite greatly once you are free. You are going to want to eat everything up under the sun, because you missed so much. I’m currently going through severe stomach issues because of that so be careful and take your time adjusting to the food of the free world because it is so rich that it can mess you up fast!   (11) My Dreams Lastly, one of the most important to me is my dreams. All you did while in prison was dream of how you would live and enjoy the rest of your days. Those dreams can come back and haunt you like the worst nightmare you’ve ever had in your life. I mentioned how I’m a published author with books in Walmart and all that, so my dreams were on a major scale. I mean I was thinking I was going to come home and be this big time best selling author. WRONG! Reality hit me in the head. I have a lot to learn about a business I thought I knew inside and out. It took a lot of talks with my confidante (Tez again) for me to wake up and see that the work has to be put in before those grand dreams can ever come. It is much more than me selling books it is about branding and public relations. Huh? These things were so foreign to me. My point in closing is that it is ok to dream just don’t confuse your dreams with reality because it’s real out here. The only way you will make it as a Johnny Square is patience, focus and prayer. God Bless, Clifford ‘Spud’ Johnson Author Clifford Spud Johnson book titles can be found in America’s largest retail stores such as Wal-Mart, Barnes and Noble, Books a Million and Amazon. For more information please visit http://www.cliffordspudjohnson.com.  Related Posts Dallas man’s sentence commuted by President Obama Quicken Loans’ lawsuit accuses DOJ of abuse of power Release Low-Level, Non-Violent Drug Offenders Obama spotlights the race factor in the war on drugs Curtis Report:Chicago my kind of town (not) Conservatives critical of African American Museum ignoring Justice Clarence Thomas National Urban League calls Wal-Mart’s break with ALEC a victory for social responsibility African American community continues to commit or allow the on-going economic exploitation Filed Under: Op Ed, Latest News Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website NDG Current Edition – May 4, 2017 (Click here) Now playing on NDGTV Get social Email Facebook Instagram Pinterest Twitter YouTube Email Newsletter Sign up below! Please ignore this text box. It is used to detect spammers. If you enter anything into this text box, your message will not be sent. Email Address* powered by FireDrum Search NDG Website Categories Categories Select Category Sis. Tarpley Legal Financial News Justice Lead Story NDG Entertainment Cover Allen NDG Area Politics Cover Story Op Ed Entertainment Calendar Front Page Carrollton NDG Entertainment Latest News NDG BookShelf National Politics Cedar Hill Business NDG Art Reviews Local Politics Coppell Education NDG Gossip DeSoto Health Contest Duncanville People in the News Holiday Frisco Crime Dining Garland Politics Travel Irving Community Updates Lancaster Community Calendar McKinney Community Spotlight Murphy Environment/Green Plano Religion Richardson National Black History Shopping ads Opportunities Resources Uncategorized Market Place Market Place Marketplace Market Place NDG “Around Town” Allen Event Center ALW Entertainment American Airlines Center AT&T Performing Arts Center Bass Performance Hall Dallas Children's Theater Dallas House of Blues Dallas Symphony Orchestra Dallas Theater Center Eisemann Center Gexa Energy Pavillion Granada Theater The Kessler Majestic Theatre Plano Balloon Festival Bishop Arts Theater The Black Academy of Arts and Letters Verizon Theater VIP Realtor Consultants Black Press Links Arizona Informant Chicago Defender Indianapolis Recorder LA Sentinel New York Amsterdam News Oakland Tribune San Diego Voice and Viewpoint Skanner News in Portland The New York Carib News Houston Style Magazine The New Journal & Guide - Norfolk, VA Ads © Copyright 2015 North Dallas Gazette – All Rights Reserved. Log in Get weekly updates from NDG Please ignore this text box. It is used to detect spammers. If you enter anything into this text box, your message will not be sent. Email Address* powered by FireDrum CLOSE MENU Bookmark NDG Entertainment Community Updates Politics NDG Marketplace About Us Advertising Archives
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN REQUEST SUPPORT WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home Secretary Mattis Combatant Commands Holiday Greetings Map Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled 672nd Renegades collect over 4,600 pounds of food for Missoula food bank Courtesy Photo | 4615 pounds of food was collected at the 672nd Engineer Company Food Drive, Missoula,...... read more read more Courtesy Photo | 4615 pounds of food was collected at the 672nd Engineer Company Food Drive, Missoula, Montana, April 21-23, 2017. The 672nd and Missoula Army Recruiting Station did pushups in exchange for donations as a light-hearted way of engaging the community, and increasing awareness of the Army Reserve (Courtesy Photo).  see less | View Image Page MISSOULA, MT, UNITED STATES 05.03.2017 Story by Spc. Sean Harding  301st Maneuver Enhancement Brigade ✔ ✗ Subscribe 1 SEATTLE -- In April, soldiers from the 672nd Engineer Company “Renegades,” an Army Reserve unit based in Missoula, Montana, raised over 4,600 pounds of food in a single weekend for the Missoula Food Bank. The 672nd worked with the Missoula Army Recruiting Station to set up collection points at two Walmart locations in the area. They also brought in two light medium tactical vehicles (LMTVs) to transport and collect items. There was a static display, and recruiters stood by to answer questions from young women and men that were interested in joining the Army. Missoulians were also invited to sit in Army trucks, and try on real Army equipment. Soldiers even did pushups in return for donations to the food bank. Sgt. Kenneth Lindon, a carpentry and masonry specialist from Missoula, recalls that he did several hundred pushups in exchange for donations. “We were having fun with the customers,” he said. “We were trying to lighten the mood out there.” “People came on in, we told them we were doing a food drive, talk to the for a little bit, and they would bring food back out,” said Spc. Matthew Mycroft, an electrician from Bozeman, Montana. Much to the Renegades’ surprise, people started responding to their presence in a big way. Instead of only dropping off one or two cans each, many Missoulans dropped off bags full of food. Before they knew it, they had filled 11 pallets - 4615 pounds worth of food. According to Gregg Asciutto, the Missoula Food Bank warehouse manager, that’s enough food to support 100 Missoula families, or roughly 46 pounds per family. “The amount of food that they raised is tremendous!” Asciutto said. “This is only the first event,” he added. “There’s nowhere else for them to go, but up.” The food that the Renegades raised was enough to supply the food bank for an entire week. Future Projects For units that might be interested in hosting their own food drive, Asciutto wanted to remind units that the food banks are there to help them. "Talk with the food banks at the very beginning," he said. Area banks have a wreath of resources and connections available to them that will make a great event be even more successful. “They’ll help you as much as possible to make your event as successful as possible.” Renegades The 672nd Engineer Company “Renegades,” based in Missoula Montana, are somewhat of a legend within the 301st Maneuver Enhancement Brigade. As the only vertical engineer company in the 301st, they are constantly living up to their name. Back in December, they held the first ever vertical engineering skills competition for the 301st. Starting from scratch, they hoped to inspire the same sense of pride and excitement for vertical engineers that sapper companies experience while competing in sapper stakes. Most recently, the Renegades journeyed south, where they laid the foundations for two clinics and an elementary school in Belize. Final Thoughts “I hope more units can hold events like this,” said Spc. Thomas Evans, a deputy sheriff with the Glacier County Sherriff’s Office. “A lot of people don’t hear about the humanitarian side of the military,” he added. “It was super fun! If we do this again in Missoula, I will definitely volunteer,” said Mycroft. “It was an honor working with the 672nd,” smiled Asciutto. LEAVE A COMMENT NEWS INFO Date Taken: 05.03.2017 Date Posted: 05.04.2017 01:17 Story ID: 232505 Location: MISSOULA, MT, US  Hometown: MISSOULA, MT, US Web Views: 9 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, 672nd Renegades collect over 4,600 pounds of food for Missoula food bank, by SPC Sean Harding, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. CONNECTED MEDIA MORE LIKE THIS TAGS APFT donation pushups food drive Walmart Recruiter Army Reserve USAR Recruiting 321st Engineer Battalion 416th Theater Engineer Command food bank USAREC 672nd Engineer Company 416th 301st Maneuver Enhancement Brigade 321st 301st MEB 672nd Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Story   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add News & Images to Playlist   Distribute Story   Schedule Social Post   Edit Story   Printable Version LEAVE A COMMENT Features Content Images Video News Audio Graphics Publications Podcasts Webcasts Stories Storytellers Tell Your Story Awards Hometown Heroes Units Newswire Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612 Links Disclaimer No FEAR Act Small Business Act Open Government Strategic Plan FOIA USA Gov Inspector General Web Policy EEO Sexual Assault Prevention
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- May 4 - May 7 Posted:   05/03/2017 10:41:17 PM MDT Today, May 4 Circle of Grandparents Group — 9:30 to 10:30 a.m., Family Resource Center. Includes free child care. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Tai Chi — 2:30 to 3:30 p.m., Heritage Center. NJC Retirement Reception — 3 to 5 p.m., E.S. French Hall Atrium. Honorees: Pam Berns, Mary Lederhos, Linda Sears, Scott Thompson, Rick Skeels, Deb Walker. Whyman Teen Outreach Program — 4:30 p.m. for middle school students, 5:30 p.m. for high school students, Family Resource Center. Tai Chi — 5:15 to 6:15 p.m., Heritage Center. Under the Umbrella LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Zion Congregational Church, 432 Chestnut St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Fleming Grades 5-12 Spring Concert — 6:30 p.m., at the school. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. Sterling Camera Club — 7 p.m., Heritage Center. Sweet Adelines — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For ladies who love to sing. Advertisement Centennial State Chorus — 7 p.m., Christ United Methodist Church. For men who love to sing. Elks Bingo — 7 p.m., Elks Club. Open to the public. Friday, May 5 Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. SRM Community Blood Drive — 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter south parking lot. Appointments: 521-3284. First Friday @ First Presbyterian — 12:05 to 12:35 p.m., First Presbyterian Church, 130 S. 4th St. Sterling High School Jazz Band. Musical presentation, free and open to the public. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Chalk Walk — 3:30 to 5 p.m. young artists decorate downtown windows with spring themes. VFW Bingo — 7 p.m., public invited. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Saturday, May 6 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Family Fun Saturday — 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Help plant the pumpkins that will be used during the museum's "Afternoon at the Museum" and "Another Night at the Museum." Free for children ages 12 and under accompanied by adult; adult admission $3. Information: 970-522-3895. Bike Rodeo — 9 a.m. to noon, Prairie Park. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Chalk Walk — 11:30 a.m. adult artists chalk walks, 1 to 3 p.m. public invited to make chalk creations, downtown Sterling. Other afternoon attractions include balloon artist, face painting, Clarence's Corner, Grebel Truck, Burritos and Bowls, glass blowing, water booth, Hawaiian Ice, water provided by Sterling Fire Department. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Logan County Jefferson Jackson Day Dinner — 5:30 p.m. social hour, 6 p.m., inner, Knights of Columbus, 421 S. 11th Ave. Cost $25 per person. Auction to follow program. Reservations needed by Thursday, April 27; call Peter Youngers 522-2040. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. NJC Spring Ensemble Concert — 7 p.m., Dorothy Corsberg Theatre inside E.S. French Hall. Tickets $5 for community members, NJC students and staff free. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, May 7 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Master Chorale Spring Concert XXVI — 4 p.m., NJC Dorothy Corsberg Theatre inside E.S. French Hall. Admission $10 for adults, students 12 and under free when accompanied by adult. Tickets available at KC's Music & Electronics, Mega Music and Family Food Market. Information: 522-1015.                         Thursday, May 11 NJC Associate Degree Nursing Pinning Ceremony and Reception — 6 p.m., Dorothy Corsberg Theatre inside E.S. French. Thursday, May 18 Brown Bag Lunch — 12:10 pm., Sterling Public Library. Program: Northeast Colorado Department, "Tobacco's Impact On Youth In Our Region." Tuesday, May 23 It's Not Rocket Science — 6 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Program: Sterling Boy Scouts, "Lovin' My Dutch Oven." Learn how to cook a whole meal using just a dutch oven.             Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Bike rodeo set for Saturday Sara Waite / Sterling Journal-AdvocateThe PLR Department will hold its second annual bike rodeo Saturday, from 9 a.m. to noon at Prairie Park.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- May 4 - May 7 Bone mass density screening offered   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
null
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest Amex gives Bluebird card a tuneup to refresh its prepaid strategy Amex required for reservations at new Hampton restaurant TransferWise initiates online verification in Singapore Why looks matter for 'top of wallet' credit cards Credit card losses climb as consumers take on more debt search goes here Amex gives Bluebird card a tuneup to refresh its prepaid strategy By David Heun Published May 04 2017, 12:01am EDT More in Prepaid cards Credit cards Money transfers American Express Print Email Reprints Share Share on When American Express debuted its Bluebird prepaid card in Walmart stores nearly five years ago, it was a sharp detour from the card brand's status as a product for the elite. But rather than bridge these two worlds, the Bluebird card has kept its market walled off. For the most part, American Express has fared well with the Bluebird program, considering it entered a crowded prepaid card field – both within the industry and within Walmart itself, with various other prepaid products sold at the stores, said Ben Jackson, a senior analyst at Mercator Advisory Group. Limited Time Offer Save over $700 on your subscription. Special offer expires April 30, 2017. Learn More 14-Day Free Trial Authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the industry Get 14-Day Free Trial Have an account? Sign In Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Fighting the opioid scourge in American coal country By Afp Published: 00:22 EDT, 4 May 2017 | Updated: 00:22 EDT, 4 May 2017 e-mail A memorial in Huntington, West Virginia, a city which has been portrayed as the epicenter of an opioid crisis in the US Ryan Brown grew up playing sports and the cello, shooting games of pool in his basement, surrounded by friends. Two weeks before his 28th birthday, Ryan died in the bathroom of a department store. Alone. He was killed by a heroin overdose, yet another victim of the scourge ravaging American communities, most acutely throughout economically depressed, former industrial regions of the country. "I don't want one more person to die. I'm coming out of the closet about addiction," Ryan's mother, Cece Brown, told AFP. Perhaps nowhere is America's opioid crisis more severe than in Ryan's native West Virginia, a mountainous state of less than two million people west of the nation's capital. Coal was once king here, but now is in decline with little to replace it, leaving the local economy badly damaged, and Wal-Mart as the state's biggest employer. It is a place where most of those looking for hope leave in search of opportunity, and where those without hope often turn to drugs. Police officer searches the purse of a suspected prostitute in Huntington, West Virginia, a place where those looking for hope leave and those without turn to drugs Opioids permeate entire communities, with devastating effects: 150 of every 1,000 babies are already addicted at birth, suffering painful withdrawal symptoms. In Huntington, a city in the state's northwest corner portrayed as the epicenter of the nationwide crisis, 28 people overdosed -- two fatally -- on a single day last August after injecting heroin laced with fentanyl, a dangerous synthetic opioid. "This epidemic doesn't discriminate," the town's mayor Steve Williams told AFP. "Our youngest overdose was 12 years old. The oldest was 77." - Shining a light - In Cece and Bobby Brown's small house on a side street of the state capital Charleston, the loss of their younger son feels like a fresh wound. Both stress Ryan had none of the stereotypical signs of a drug user. He excelled at math, won a college scholarship, made friends easily and loved to crack jokes. America's fatal addiction to opioids But he came home after his second year at the University of West Virginia addicted to heroin. His parents only found out when he collapsed of an overdose in the bathroom. Despite years of treatment, and a long period when his life seemed on track, two years ago he went out to the shopping mall with a friend, and never came back. Their willingness to talk and shine a light on the problem, despite the continuing stigma that addicts and their families face, is the tip of the spear in a new strategy to battle the scourge. - From painkillers... to heroin - A woman suspected of acting under the influence of heroine shows her arms to a Huntington police officer in Huntington, West Virginia The vast majority of heroin users nationwide resorted to that drug after becoming addicted to powerful pain medications like oxycodone, according to the US Drug Enforcement Agency. The highly addictive narcotics flooded into West Virginia in mind-boggling numbers for years, and unlike heroin were distributed in the open, with the help of "pain clinics" that weren't overly strict about writing prescriptions, and pharmacies that made no effort to keep tabs on how many pills went out the door. Among those addicts are many older, retired coal miners, who were injured on the job but continued working with the help of pain medication. When their prescriptions were cut off after authorities finally cracked down on the supply -- they turned to heroin, sometimes smoking rather than injecting it. But arresting traffickers and users, suing drug companies and distributors and shutting down pharmacies that pumped out pills, has not been enough to stem the flow of drugs. - 'Full arsenal' - Recovering addicts exercise at Recovery Point in Huntington, West Virginia, where 28 people overdosed on a single day in August after injecting heroin laced with fentanyl, a dangerous synthetic opioid "We can't arrest our way out of this problem" -- that is the new mantra of all those involved in the fight. The economic incentives for dealers are powerful: one kilogram of fentanyl, for instance, costs $5,000 and makes a million tablets sold at $20 each for a gain of $20 million. And there are too many facets to the crisis: the overwhelmed jail and foster care systems; the shortage of treatment options and struggles with health insurance coverage; the job prospects of former addicts with a felony on their record. A new DEA pilot program called the 360 Strategy is working with law enforcement and community groups to divert addicts into treatment rather than jail, and educate about the dangers of prescription drugs and heroin. Despite the stepped-up fight, the numbers state-wide don't look good: deaths are up, it still has the highest overdose rate in the country, and 43 percent of people imprisoned last year had a substance abuse issue so acute they needed immediate medical attention. "Right now under any measurement we are in the midst of a downward spiral and failing miserably," Huntington's mayor told AFP. "I am not putting lipstick on a pig." Attacking a scourge of this magnitude, he says, will require a "full arsenal" -- including talking about the problem. - Heartbreak - Ryan's mother Cece says she wants people to know opioid addiction can happen to anyone, but that there is hope. That hope is sometimes hard to see on the streets of Huntington, where one police officer told AFP "90 percent of what we do is drug related." One addict being arrested, described the devastation in his life: "I've lost the place I stayed at, I've lost a lot of good friends," he said. "Now that I come to think about it, it's ruined my life a lot." Winfield police chief Bobby Eggleton spoke of the heartbreak and toll it takes on officers who repeatedly treat the same addicts, like one young couple who overdosed in a car at a gas station, their three-year-old daughter in the back seat. More treatment facilities are key, he said. One young woman who overdosed on that fateful day in August was saved, along with 25 others, by an emergency injection of naloxone, which can stop an overdose in its tracks. It is now standard equipment for police and emergency medical personnel. Six months later, she was finally accepted into a medically-assisted treatment program. But the call came too late: she died two days before. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Take that, haters! Kim Kardashian shares sexy photo of her backside during 'crazy' Mexico vacation after body shamers attacked her Hitting back Pregnant Beyonce looks exhausted while furniture shopping in LA with mini-me daughter Blue Ivy as she prepares for the arrival of her twins I expect you to diet, Mr Bond! Daniel Craig appears to have put on weight around his midriff as he steps out for a stroll in London  New look 'I'm completely clean right now': Miley Cyrus talks quitting weed and 'refalling back in love' with Liam Hemsworth in candid new interview Starting afresh 'I lick Nutella off a loaded teaspoon': Melanie Sykes, 46, shows off her rippling abs in an extreme plunging cut-out bikini for fitness photoshoot   Mark Wright lands massive TV role in the US... as his wife Michelle Keegan prepares to jet off for up to eight months to film new scenes for Our Girl Stephanie Davis posts worryingly incoherent 'cheat' tweet while on holiday with Jeremy McConnell... just a day after revealing they want baby number two Inside the flight from hell that ended their marriage: Angelina Jolie told Brad Pitt to 'sober up' and 'secretly sent kids to a hotel' after jet landed Blue bloods! Bella and Gigi Hadid coordinate in cobalt as they head out and about in NYC The sisters were heading out to dinner in the Big Apple Working the bump! Beyonce shows off her growing baby belly in new video on Instagram Beyonce would like to remind the world she is pregnant with twins She's got some front! Busty Kim Kardashian flashes cleavage as she steps out in Hollywood... after revealing she has trust issues after Paris robbery 'I can't trust anyone': Kim Kardashian reveals the Paris robbery has left her terrified and emotionally scarred nearly eight months later Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry bears striking resemblance to 'inspiration' Kylie Jenner as she shows off her VERY full pout in Instagram snap   star in a new selfie. Peep show! Ariel Winter flashes cleavage in eye-popping dress for Modern Family screening Season Eight finale screening 'I think about having children': Naomi Campbell, 46, discusses her desire to welcome a baby 'with the help of science' as she recalls addiction issues 'It can never be the same again!' Megan McKenna and Chloe Meadows clash in TOWIE season finale... while she flirts with ex Pete Wicks 'Celebrating her life': Scott Baio reunites with Happy Days cast at Erin Moran memorial after controversially attributing her cancer death to drugs Roxanne Pallett dramatically leaves musical The Wedding Singer and 'flees the country'... four months before the UK tour is scheduled to end 'Until next time': Pregnant Serena Williams highlights her growing baby bump in grey dress as she leaves NYC after stunning at Met Gala Pregnant Danielle Lloyd dons plunging mini dress as she links arms with fiancé Michael O'Neill on her way to Megan McKenna's restaurant launch Bumper party! Lingerie-clad Ashley Graham twerks booty-to-booty with male friend in BTS Snapchat video She's an outspoken advocate for curves 'I can't trust anyone': Kim Kardashian reveals the Paris robbery has left her terrified and emotionally scarred nearly eight months later Is he in-Zayn? Perrie Edwards' footballer beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain lets slip that he is a 'fan' of her ex fiancé's music Susanna's eating up her rivals in the battle for breakfast TV: Presenter credited with helping Good Morning Britain soar past one million viewers  Three Musketeers! Kate Wright poses with TOWIE co-stars Amber Dowding and Georgia Kousoulou for her last ever filming snap in VERY busty swimwear All back on the Orient Express! Remake of the classic has a stellar cast including Johnny Depp, Michelle Pfeiffer, Dame Judi Dench and Sir Kenneth Branagh  'Venice is not for us...!' Sam Faiers turns her nose up at $2.3m property in Mummy Diaries... as she reveals Hollywood Walk Of Fame ambitions On the attack! Rob Kardashian compares sister Kylie Jenner, 19, to an 88-year-old grandmother in latest dig at the reality princess Becks' birthday feast: David shares picture of his gammon, mushy peas, chips and pineapple as marks his 42nd birthday with his 'dinner of choice'  TOWIE star Megan McKenna sports a silky figure-enhancing trouser suit as she's supported by best pal Amber Turner at the launch of her restaurant  She's still got IT! Helena Christensen is gorgeous in sexy off-the-shoulder black dress at NYC charity gala Looking youthful Sofia Vergara rocks stunning black and white dress as she shows off her enviable body at Modern Family screening Looked ravishing  'Songwriting is a form of therapy': Lea Michele talks finding hope in new music four years after death of love Cory Monteith Tragic passing 'Back in LA!': Svelte Tara Reid celebrates returning home by flashing the flesh in a revealing bikini snapsnot  Looking good Bet he always draws first slice! Sylvester Stallone shows off Rambo physique at 70 as he boasts eating pizza is a 'pretty good habit' 'Not long now!': Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley flaunts washboard stomach in bikini throwback snap... as she counts down the days until summer Entire Queen's household is called to 'highly unusual' emergency meeting at Buckingham Palace today as speculation mounts over reason 'They have a mutual love for each other': Ed Sheeran performs private concert for adoring 10-year-old superfan with a rare brain condition 'Get your s**t together': First trailer for Defenders sees Luke Cage, Daredevil, Jessica Jones and Iron Fist unite to take on Sigourney Weaver Gamora and Drax! Zoe Saldana sizzles in sheer-paneled dress as she cuddles up to Dave Bautista at New York screening of Guardians Of The Galaxy 'What the heck is tartear sauce John?' Masterchef judge's bizarre pronunciation of condiment baffles the internet Unimpressed Those are some kinky boots! Chrissy Teigen wears racy thigh-high footwear as she dines al fresco with her mom in Beverly Hills 'My cellulite does not define my worth!': Model Ashley Graham poses NUDE for V Magazine as she reveals she was 'disgusted' with her body as a teen Kate Moss' daughter Lila Grace lands first fashion campaign at 14 despite her supermodel mother's extreme lengths to shelter her from the limelight 'Blink and you'll miss her!' Upset Kate Wright fans slam TOWIE producers for 'not giving a f**k' that she's leaving the show... as she only appears in ONE scene  Rihanna flashes some skin in kinky boots and oversize trench coat as she visits Roc Nation headquarters in NYC Opted for an understated look after the Met Gala 'This isn't a fight, it's a grudge': Bethenny Frankel skips Ramona Singer's surprise 60th birthday party on RHONY Tensions continue She's two faced! Rita Ora steps out in New York wearing a bizarre ensemble including a baggy jumper with the image of HERSELF plastered across it 'He did well there!': Niall Horan congratulates 1D bandmate Liam Payne for welcoming baby Bear with 'beautiful' girlfriend Cheryl 'It was like death': Brad Pitt admits drinking too much in run-up to 'self-inflicted' divorce and says he's an 'emotional retard' who 'hit the lottery' but threw it away 'James Bond is part of the fabric of our society': Orlando Bloom reveals he'd love the chance to take over from Daniel Craig as 007 Kim Zolciak makes crude Twitter joke offering up daughter Brielle, 20, for sexual favors in exchange for meeting John Legend Don't Be Tardy star 'Every body is beautiful': Model Iskra Lawrence puts on a busty display as she shows off her curves in racy un-retouched underwear pictures Adele's wealth surges by £40m in just one year: Release of third album helps singer boost her worth to £125m  Big fortune James Stunt backfires with another £900,000 loss for his art-dealing company Stunt Acquisitions... which is now worth £1.89 million, Loss of profits It's raining men! Blac Chyna gets close to hot guys while showing off bra in lace outfit in Miami... as Rob Kardashian is nowhere to be seen Dancing Queen: Professional dancer Shirley Ballas 'selected for second Strictly audition after becoming favourite to replace  Len Goodman' 'I grew up with a learning disability': Social media star Olivia Palermo reveals secret childhood struggle made it harder for her to become fashion's 'It' girl Looking fur a wave! Liam Hemsworth bares his chest and a tuft of hair as he walks to Malibu beach before suiting up for a surf in the California sun . EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: Prince William's comparison of Kate's topless pictures and Diana's death seems uncomfortable now Alanis Morissette's ex-manager gets SIX YEARS in prison for stealing $7million from the 'Ironic' singer and other stars Ex-business manager 'So proud!': Jersey Shore vet Snooki shares photo of her daughter Giovanna, two, heading to her first day of school with brother Lorenzo All grown up Babymoon in paradise! Jason Biggs' pregnant wife Jenny Mollen shows off her small bump in black bikini as they soak up the sun in Maui PICTURED: Kendall Jenner gets cosy with new man A$AP Rocky as she rests on his lap inside the Met Gala... before dancing up a storm with Bella Hadid 'I'm shaking': Nervous Michelle Heaton publicly unveils hysterectomy and C-section scars as she bravely sports bikini live on Loose Women Emotional moment No A-Rod, no smile! Jennifer Lopez does not look amused as she puts in long hours on Shades Of Blue after weeks of hot dates with new beau 'That's close to being in the womb': Geoffrey Rush, 65, jokes over footage of his 27-year-old self as a clown Flashback to his younger years Age-defying Salma Hayek looks fabulous at 50 as she showcases her curves in fitted lace dress to promote How To Be A Latin Lover in Mexico City 'Bear is a splendid name and I'm delighted to have a new viewer!' Judge Rinder thirlled that Cheryl and Liam Payne have been watching his show Hollywood lets its hair down: Braless Halle Berry, twerking Gisele and gyrating Emily Ratajkowski show what REALLY goes on inside the Met Gala EXCLUSIVE PICTURES: Sober Brad Pitt works through the night on art project as he attempts to rebuild life after it was 'ripped apart' by his 'boozing' Don't rain on her parade! Victoria Beckham doesn't let the drizzle cramp her style as she arrives in Paris... with her umbrella-carrying bodyguard How Britain got its own Bomb - thanks to a Labour government: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV   Britain's Nuclear Bomb  Ouch! Blac Chyna fails to realize breast implant scar is visible as she shows off underboob in tiny pink bikini top during Miami break Under the knife PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: 'It wasn't as straight forward as first thought': RHOC star Dawn Ward is guided out of hospital by husband Ashley after hysterectomy 'This woman has a questionable background': Drake denies getting a former porn star pregnant during a fling in late January Mel B 'secures five-year restraining order against former nanny Lorraine Gilles... after accusing German beauty of harassing her' Legal action 'The editor of this magazine is an idiot': Sofia Vergara hits back at cover story that claims she is divorcing Joe Manganiello Lashing out Kendall Jenner was paid $250,000 for a single Instagram - but no-one ordered toilets until last month: Inside the bad planning of the Fyre Festival EXCLUSIVE 'My boobs don't define me sexually': Ashley James on THAT slut-shaming incident, her battle with body image and why she's 'tragically single' 9021-0UT! Eden Sassoon says she 'feels free' as she announces she's leaving The Real Housewives Of Beverly Hills Moving on 'I was a piece of sh**': Chris Rock confesses he was not a 'good husband' to wife of 20 years Malaak and it took time to recover from divorce Just swan-ning around! Love Island's Olivia Buckland wears eye-popping white bikini with fiancé Alex Bowen in Cape Verde... before indulging in sweet kiss 'You're forced to believe in it': Kendra Wilkinson says Marriage Boot Camp therapy helped her relationship with her estranged mother  . Where did they all Go-mez? Selena is the last one left sitting with beau The Weeknd as they nearly clear the table mid-meal at Met Gala 'Happy mama!' Selena Gomez's mom gives new boyfriend The Weeknd her approval saying the couple are the picture of 'equal love' . Baby joy! Joseph Gordon-Levitt steps out with pregnant wife Tasha McCauley as they prepare to welcome second child Not long to go Back in the dating game! Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is seen with Lady Nadia Essex outside Catch in LA Keira Knightley is the picture of sophistication in black slip dress and gold heels as she cosies up to husband James Righton at Chanel Cruise 2018 show  'I'm in agony!' Lauren Goodger takes to Snapchat to reveal her pain at intense training regime in quest to reach size 'small' Training woes Explicit drama Versailles is set to shock with ANOTHER graphic sex scene as Madame de Montespan strips off to romp with King Louis XIV One's on Facebook! She's 91 but Royal author BRIAN HOEY reveals the Queen sends texts, has smart phone and iPad - and social media account Coordinated couple! Joe Jonas and Game Of Thrones beauty Sophie Turner match in double denim while arm-in-arm in New York Young love Liv Tyler's adorable children Lula Rose and Sailor strike a pose they join Candice Swanepoel's son Anacã in fun new shoot for fashion giant Gap 'Hi, 13 Reasons Why!' Amy Schumer reminisces about teenage bullying and her seriously 'sweaty' Met Gala gown Had 'curly bangs' Going for laughs! Joshua Jackson has a mystery woman in fits of laughter as they hug it out after low-key lunch date  New friend  Back to work! Mila Kunis wears holiday apron on Bad Mom's Christmas set as she makes first film since welcoming son Dimitri five months ago Controversy on the catwalk: Met Gala honoree Comme des Garçons is criticized for not using a single black model in over TWENTY years Jennifer Lopez and Katy Perry to be featured in James Corden's Carpool Karaoke primetime special Head to head Vin Diesel wishes co-star Dwayne Johnson a happy 45th birthday following on-set 'feud' last year Said rift was 'blown out of proportion' Emmerdale's controversial rape scene sparks 99 Ofcom complaints following criticism that it was 'too disturbing' to air pre-watershed 'She has so much f*****g courage': Hugh Jackman proclaims love for wife of 21 years in a gushing interview - just months after shutting down divorce rumors Camel-flage! Jennifer Lawrence shoots scenes for Russian spy film in tan coat, a tight black polo neck and a blonde wig at London Heathrow Airport Trailer for Becoming Cary Grant documentary unveils never-seen footage of the late star who used LSD to combat childhood trauma When the wind gets in the way! Dakota Johnson's hair whips in her face as she models chic black suit while leaving NYC hotel Windswept Moray Watson who starred alongside Catherine Zeta-Jones in Darling Buds of May has died aged 88  Played the Brigadier in the 1990s drama Something to smile about! Mad Men vet Elisabeth Moss beams in colorful mini as news breaks her show The Handmaid's Tale has been renewed 'We're together when it counts': Mariah Carey admits she is close to ex Nick Cannon for sake of kids... amid rumors of romantic reunion Her Hero Springing into brunch! Reese Witherspoon flashes her legs in denim skirt and bright top after morning workout session Think pink Fans go wild as cheeky reality star Stephen Bear Photoshops snap of Liam Payne and Cheryl's newborn son Bear  Bears a resemblance Dressed to kill: Jo Whiley on her wardrobe treasure and her fashion faux pas BBC Radio 2 DJ spills the beans about her dress sense  Kate reveals she and William keep a menagerie of animals including a lamb and FIVE chickens as she joins inner-city kids at a farm in Gloucester Silly Sarah! Miss Silverman flashes her black bra in semi-sheer baby doll dress with thigh highs as she hits Hulu Upfronts in NYC Quirky Spring blues? Kaley Cuoco looks strained as she carries a mini dress into NYC hotel while holding hands with beau Karl Cook Sports casual Lovely in lace! Zoe Saldana dazzles in sheer white top as she stops by NYC radio show ahead of Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 release Love Island's Hannah Elizabeth and TOWIE's George Harrison show off their sensational figures in VERY skimpy bikinis as they live it up by the pool in Barcelona She's a real team player: Footie fans Princess Charlene and Prince Albert don matching scarves as they cheer on Monaco in UEFA semi-final 'We've been friends for years': Hailee Steinfeld keeps it casual cool as she DENIES dating Justin Bieber in radio interview No romance here 'Being called fat and ugly hurts': Ed Balls reveals he's been a victim of body shaming... as he admits he's 'thickened out' since Strictly 'I couldn't ask for a more perfect man!': Coronation Street's Sonia Ibrahim is engaged to long-term boyfriend following romantic proposal  Cara Delevingne undergoes ANOTHER transformation as she dons pink wig for latest movie... after showcasing shaved head at the MET Gala 'The response has been absolutely incredible': Hulu announces The Handmaid's Tale with Elisabeth Moss has been renewed  'He was excited and positive': Home movies show Heath Ledger was in a happy place in days before his death, documentary maker reveals  'I've never felt so stupid in my life': Chris Rock told Michelle Obama she could join The View or Housewives of Atlanta after leaving the White House Rising star Ellie Bamber oozes glamour in chic top and saucy thigh-high split skirt as she leads arrivals for Chanel's era-defining Cruise show in Paris A star is born! Paris Jackson to make her film debut alongside Joel Edgerton in 'untitled' project directed by actor's brother Nash Model family! Supermodel Doutzen Kroes steps out in a laid back look with her stylish husband and children for casual stroll Family fun Who says blondes have all the fun? Amber Rose looks unrecognisable as she swaps signature buzz cut for glossy brunette curls at NYLON party Give us a wave! Youthful Tom Cruise looks windswept as he dazzles fans with a cheeky grin on set of Mission Impossible 6 in Paris 'I was so touched': Siobhan Fahey admits she burst into tears when she was asked to join Bananarama's reunion tour 30 years after she quit the band Alexa Chung cuts a casual figure in a belted trenchcoat as she enjoys a solo stroll after romantic 24 hours with boyfriend Alexander Skarsgard at Met Gala 'My biggest remaining goal is to be a mother': Single actress Lily Collins, 28, shares her desire to have children Phil Collins' daughter wants a family Now THAT's a megawatt smile! Hailey Baldwin copies Katy Perry by adding TOOTH jewelry to her pearly whites in advance of this year's Met Gala Will Young's 'X-rated images' surface online after singer admits to sharing intimate snaps of his manhood... and Twitter goes wild Viral Lena Dunham 'recuperating at home' after ER visit due to endometriosis Golden Globe winner was forced to leave the Costume Institute Ball  'All hell will be unleashed': Idris Elba's mysterious Gunslinger is on a desperate quest to save humanity in the first official trailer for The Dark Tower Back to her ripped jeans! Emma Roberts cuts a casual figure during solo shopping outing in NYC after looking like a bombshell at Met Gala Storm-y seas! Tallia turns heads in racy fishnet bodysuit and towering heels as she heads to Jersey boat show hand-in-hand with little brother Johnnie Hitting the town in brown! Zoe Saldana stuns in body-clinging chestnut midi for GMA appearance in New York Looked gorgeous in a chestnut colour Ivanka Trump accessorises her leg-baring outfit with heels and a handbag from her own line - after insisting she will NOT use her role to promote her book Don't cha wish you were partying with me? Nicole Scherzinger keeps her look casual chic in cropped vest and wide-legged trousers for girls' night out 'I am not interested in female characters that are objects': Jessica Chastain reveals her desire to play roles that are 'the subject of a script' 'It's become a thing': Kendall Jenner says the annual star-studded bathroom selfie is her favourite Met Gala moment  Above all the glamour Met be love! Joe Jonas cheekily grabs girlfriend Sophie Turner's bottom as they step out after PDA-packed appearance at star-studded Gala Such an honor: Singer Michael Buble set to receive award from Canada's National Arts Centre... following son Noah's cancer treatment 'Happy one year, I love you!': Kim Zolciak's daughter Brielle celebrates anniversary with beau Michael Kopech by posting gushing tributes The morning after: Alexa Chung and beau Alexander Skarsgard haul their luggage through NYC after their glam date night at the Met Gala 'Me in a bikini is not evil': Saira Khan reveals sexual abuse she suffered at 13 drove her to strip off for unairbrushed Loose Women shoot  'Momo or Bean?' Hilary Duff adopts a new pug chihuahua mix puppy and asks fans what to call the adorable fur baby  New pup 'He is just truly amazing!' Kim Zolciak updates fans on son Kash's recovery after he was attacked by a dog and needed surgery 'Very traumatic injuries' 'She is determined to have a happy and healthy child': Pregnant Ferne McCann 'taking time out' after ex Arthur Collins is charged over nightclub acid attack 'I have so many body issues': Nadia Sawalha 'snuck off to the pub' during unairbrushed shoot... and admits her daughter's reaction left her in tears Sports Illustrated's Joy Corrigan sets pulses racing as she strips down to skimpy bottoms for sizzling topless shoot on Miami beach Swimsuit model 'Love is everything!' Olivia Culpo packs on the PDA with her NFL beau Danny Amendola during romantic New York City stroll Loved up Alec Baldwin dances with daughter Carmen on Ellen... before reuniting with Ireland for family Disneyland trip He and his princess began bouncing Two ill-fated romances, one chart-topping boy band and a VERY public mental breakdown: As the Mickey Mouse Club returns, what became of the child stars? Suits you! Queen Letizia looks professional in charcoal grey as the former news anchor attends a journalism seminar in Spain  Tennis ace Novak Djokovic's pregnant wife Jelena shows off her burgeoning baby bump in tight floral dress as she watches him train in Spanish sun Robbie Williams' builders told to pay nearly £5k for making too much noise at star's £17m mansion after Led Zeppelin guitar great Jimmy Page complained Caught in his web? Tobey Maguire looks in high spirits as he enjoys day out with mystery leggy blonde... six months after marriage split  'Wow, this is a tough business!': Jessica Biel dishes about the challenge of running her kid-friendly restaurant Au Fudge a year after its debut Jessica Chastain showcases her incredible curves in plunging green figure-hugging wrap dress as she attends Miss Sloane photocall in Spain REVEALED: Barack Obama 'desperately proposed TWICE to his white girlfriend before Michelle - and still kept seeing her while dating former First Lady' 'F is for all the f***ing we do': What Obama's girlfriend wrote to him after 'passionate' sex with future president who liked to party with pot and COCAINE Anything Kim can do... Paris Hilton tries to retake the sexiest socialite crown by showing off her amazing figure in VERY racy lingerie shoot 'Fuming to say the least!' Twitter goes wild as devastated fans demand third series of Peter Kay's Car Share after 'unsatisfactory' finale Pregnant Binky Felstead shows off her bump in pretty dress as she celebrates with boyfriend JP and BFF Ollie Locke at ANOTHER baby shower for MIC She's earned her stripes! Christina Milian flashes her cleavage in busty blue ensemble as she leads the glamour at 2nd annual Art For Life event Glad you didn't go? Eddie Redmayne looks fresh faced as he steps out with wife Hannah... after being 'refused entry to Rihanna's Met Gala afterparty' in NYC Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry strips off during RAUCOUS food fight before showering with on-off beau Marty McKenna... as viewers brand antics 'childish'   Fashion over function! After Emma Roberts, Olivia Culpo and Lea Michele step out in button details, FEMAIL rounds up 30 stylish options for YOU to shop Jamelia provokes fury as she bemoans a lack of ethnically diverse dolls in toy stores - prompting This Morning viewers to say SHE is being racist Leggy Bella Thorne flashes a hint of toned tum in a silver mini and cropped tee as she leads the glamour at NYLON party Wild child Lisa Rinna's model daughter Delilah Belle Hamlin displays her svelte frame in a white floral bralet and mini as she steps out with sister Amelia Gray EXCLUSIVE Nigel Farage parties with scantily-clad birthday girl Lizzie Cundy (and a tribe of other Z-list pals) after bonding over their 'shared humour'  Zoe's menopause tip... have more sex: Radio 2 DJ reveals she is going through the change at 46 Zoe has now vowed to 'have more sex'  Perfect Illusion! Lady Gaga belts out a song for 'screaming fans' as she and Bradley Cooper shoot scenes for their upcoming movie remake A Star Is Born Let them eat... burgers! Inside Rihanna's epic post-Met Gala bash where famous friends like Kendall Jenner chowed down on fast food He's back! Brad Pitt does his first magazine shoot since Angelina Jolie split as he stars on THREE GQ covers Returning to the spotlight with style Sophie shows her tough side! The Countess of Wessex dons camouflage as she visits British Army troops in Estonia Brigade Training Wing A sunny disposition! Imogen Thomas flaunts her ample assets and sensational curves in TINY yellow bikini as she frolics on Spanish beach with daughter Siera All by my selfie: Solo Kim Kardashian breaks her strict diet for pizza as she poses for snaps with sister Kylie Jenner after first Met Gala without husband Kanye Kate Hudson's estranged father's business associate 'threatened to publicly smear actress and her brother Oliver after failed film venture' Ouk-hellou boys! TOWIE's Yazmin flaunts her cleavage in a plunging vest as she celebrates her birthday with boyfriend James Lock 'I'm just sick of it!' The Walking Dead star Josh McDermitt quits social media after revealing he has received death threats over character Eugene Porter Mick Jagger's partner Melanie Hamrick coos over baby Devereaux in Central Park as she's pictured with Rolling Stones frontman's eighth child for first time Margot Robbie puts on a very leggy display in tiny shorts as she enjoys a lunch date with her mum Sarie Kessler Hollywood actress has home at heart 'It's phenomenal!' Joanna Lumley is set to be honoured with revered BAFTA Fellowship in honour of her stellar 50 year career Svelte Claire Sweeney shows off her TINY waist and hourglass curves in a figure-hugging midi dress at Lizzie Cundy's birthday bash Yo-yo dieter Back to reality: Grimacing Katie Price puts her surgically-enhanced curves on display in a tiny blue bikini as she films for new TV show in Miami Blonde ambition! Cody Simpson's singer sister Alli stands out from the crowd in quirky ensemble at Nylon Young Hollywood party   Knows how to stand out  That'll Garner some attention! Ex-MIC star Kimberley shows off her incredible figure in barely-there white bikini for sizzling swimwear shoot  Kendall Jenner goes braless under sheer lace slashed mini before changing into glamorous Gothic gown as she cuts a regal figure on the cover of VOGUE India Ellie Goulding catches the eye in thigh-skimming multi-coloured minidress as she celebrates the launch of new Burberry accessory 'That lipo bellybutton!' Charlotte Crosby denies having surgery after followers accuse her of sporting 'bizarre stomach' in racy snap Hitting back Ben Affleck has 'moved out' of his home with estranged wife Jennifer Garner... but is 'living close by' to be near their three kids They were living together Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Ya Libnan Lebanon News and World News Live from Beirut Featured News Lebanon News World News Opinion Business News Arts & Culture Sci & Tech Video Apple’s cash pile of $250 billion fuels expectations April 30, 2017 by yalibnan 1 Comment In its quarterly results on Tuesday, Apple Inc. likely will report that its cash hoard has topped a quarter of a trillion dollars, an unrivaled milestone for a private corporation that raises a question: Why would any company want to hold that much money? Apple has added to its pile at a blistering pace, doubling it in just over four-and-a-half years. In the last three months of 2016 it wracked up new cash at a rate of about $3.6 million an hour. Its current total, not accounting for debt, exceeds the market values of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and that of Procter & Gamble Co., and outstrips the foreign-currency reserves of the U.K. and Canada combined. The stash has drawn fresh attention recently as President Donald Trump tries to revamp the U.S. tax regime. Apple, like many big companies, keeps most of its cash offshore — some 93% of its $246.09 billion total cash, cash equivalents, and securities as of December — to avoid U.S. corporate taxes that executives consider too high. The Trump administration this week proposed a one-time tax holiday to encourage companies to bring that cash home, and said it wants to slash the U.S. corporate-income-tax rate to 15% from 35% and largely exempt future foreign profits. That could make it easier for Apple to put its money to use, through acquisitions or by doling out more to shareholders. The latter prospect has propelled Apple’s stock to record highs. Apple Chief Executive Tim Cook early this year said he was eager to bring cash home if tax changes enable it, and Chief Financial Officer Luca Maestri said such a move would give Apple flexibility to do more capital returns. Neither has given detailed plans. One possible approach would be a special dividend. Apple could deliver such a windfall, benefitting investors including Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc., which more than doubled its Apple position in January. Wall Street analysts tend to focus more on companies’ net cash position than the headline number. Apple has racked up some $88 billion in debt to fund payouts to shareholders. But even subtracting that, Apple would be left with more cash than the total stockpile of Microsoft, the next richest tech company, which boasts $126 billion in cash, not accounting for debt. With the exception of financial companies, Apple’s stash exceeds that of any other U.S. company in recent history, said Jennifer Blouin, an accounting professor at University of Pennsylvania’s Wharton School. “I have never seen a company in this kind of extreme position, barring a winding-down,” she said. “Apple’s a cash box right now.” Former executives say Apple’s thrift has deep roots, inspired in part by a brush with bankruptcy in the late 1990s. That forced Chief Executive Steve Jobs to arrange a cash infusion from Microsoft Corp. and set his resolve to keep reserves for future emergencies. Mr. Jobs also believed Apple could better boost its stock price by using its money to develop new products than through buybacks or dividends. His biggest product, the iPhone, has only supercharged the cash machine. Apple has sold more than 1 billion of the devices in the decade since it was introduced, and today claims 91% of all the profits in the smartphone sector. Mr. Cook has been somewhat more accommodating of shareholder desires than his predecessor. He started a dividend-and-stock-buyback program in 2012 that has since sent more than $200 billion to shareholders. And he has invested more in some areas, such as R&D. But the CEO also stared down Carl Icahn in 2013 and 2014 when the activist investor bought a stake in Apple and demanded it increase buybacks. And Apple remains frugal in other realms, such as marketing. It spent less than $1.8 billion on advertising last year — not even half the amounts laid out by smaller rivals Alphabet Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., according to company filings. Apple also avoids large acquisitions. It bought at a rate of 15 to 20 companies a year over the past four years, generally spending several hundred million dollars on companies it can easily assimilate. Its biggest deal was the $3 billion it spent to buy Beats Electronics LLC in 2014. The swelling war chest has fueled hopes for bigger deals to vault Apple in new directions such as self-driving cars and entertainment. At Apple’s 2015 shareholder meeting, one investor asked Mr. Cook about buying Tesla Inc., which today is valued around $51 billion. The CEO didn’t directly respond. Robert Nichols of Windward Capital Management Co., an Apple shareholder, says it should buy Netflix Inc., valued around $65 billion, to jumpstart its video-streaming business and bolster its position against Amazon. “You can either build [content and distribution] or you can buy it,” and buying would help Apple gain ground where it is behind, he said. With $250 billion, Apple could buy both Tesla and Netflix and still have plenty left over. It also might want to use some cash to pay down some of its debt or look to boost U.S. manufacturing after facing calls last year from then-President-elect Trump to build a plant in the U.S. Either way, there is a growing sense that Apple’s cash hoard has far outstripped its needs. “If this a rainy day fund, they’re saving for a millennial flood,” said Lee Pinkowitz, a Georgetown University professor of finance.   FOX Filed Under: Business News vs Facebook tries to fix violent video problem with 3,000 new workers http://www.reuters.com/article/us-facebook-crime-idUSKBN17Z1N4 Featured News Russia, Turkey agree to support creation of safe-zones in Syria Venezuela death toll rises as foes protest Maduro’s power shakeup Emmanuel Macron wins last TV debate against Marine Le Pen, poll Iran coal mine explosion kills 35: state media Lebanon News Lebanon speaker warns: No deal on an electoral law means “no country or institutions” Beirut to show the world in ‘Design Week’ that ‘Lebanon is not just about political instability’ Hezbollah denies seeking to ‘impose’ an electoral law, warns “Lebanon is on the brink of the abyss” Lebanon is the first line of defense for America’s interests in the Middle East World News Trump: ‘One of the best chemistries I had was with’ Merkel UK snap election: What does it mean? First Muslim Judge in U.S. is found dead in Hudson River, New York White House press secretary Sean Spicer under fire for comparing Hitler to Assad Opinion Putin’s military performance in Syria, not helping his arms sales or bottom line What happens if the president doesn’t matter? Trump and Kushner: “It’s what they do in banana republics” Assad did it, and Russia’s Putin has a problem Business News Self-driving Teslas will go between LA and NYC by year end: Musk Trump is undermining his own treasury secretary: Summers NSA penetrated Mideast banking networks, according to a new leak Tesla Tops GM by market value to become America’s most valuable carmaker Arts & Culture 2018 election campaign: Russian women are urged to emblazon Putin on their chests The unique love story of French presidential front-runner and his wife Zuma, Mandela rape painting stirs outrage in South Africa The Obamas sign huge book deals exceeding $60 million Science & Technology ” Out of his mind !” surgeon plans human head transplant, revive frozen human brain A device that can read the mind and enable people to communicate is coming soon Late for work? What about calling a ‘flying taxi’. Dubai will have the service within months Judge Orders California To Release Papers Discussing Risk Of Cellphone Use Recent Comments Copyright © 2017 Ya Libnan
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Local News Politics Elections SoCal National World News Op/Ed Local Southwest Rivco Temecula Murrieta Menifee Moreno Valley Wildomar Aguanga Corona French Valley Hemet Lake Elsinore Perris Sun City San Jacinto Norco Education Fire Sheriff’s Log SoCal News Imperial County Orange County Los Angeles County Riverside County San Bernardino San Diego County Entertainment Dining Dining Reviews Arts Celebrity News Out and About Music Scene Business Sports Live Traffic More Announcements Faith Health Military Motor Scene Real Estate Obituaries Pets Village News Anza Valley Outlook CLASSIFIEDS Printed Edition (Online) En Español Events About Us Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Contact the editor Letters to the editor Inquire about advertising Inquire about Classifieds Comment about a story Request Event Coverage Submit a Press Release Submit an Obituary Report a technical issue UPDATED: SAN JACINTO: 21-year-old pedestrian killed crossing San Jacinto Ave ID’d By Trevor Montgomery on May 2, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post UPDATE: May 3, 7 p.m. Coroner’s officials have identified the pedestrian who was killed while crossing San Jacinto Avenue, Tuesday morning, May 2. Officials identified the victim as Darrick Peters, 21, of Hemet. According to officials, Peters died after he was struck by an SUV. Peters was pronounced dead at the scene of the traffic accident at 5:31 a.m. Officials are still investigating the deadly accident although in a previous press release, Riverside Sheriff’s Sergeant Pohl explained, “There are no initial indications alcohol or drugs played a role in the collision.” Anyone with information about this collision or who witnessed the deadly accident is encouraged to contact Deputy Cortez or Deputy Cox at the San Jacinto Police Station’s Traffic Division at (951) 537-6411. Callers can refer to incident file number I171220012 and can remain anonymous.   ORIGINAL STORY SAN JACINTO – Officials are investigating after a 21-year-old man was fatally struck while crossing a San Jacinto road Tuesday morning, May 2. The fatal, early-morning, vehicle versus pedestrian collision happened on San Jacinto Avenue near Commonwealth Avenue, just west of Wal-Mart, in San Jacinto. Deputies from the Riverside County Sheriff’s San Jacinto Police Station responded to the accident about 5:18 a.m., after the fatal traffic collision was reported to emergency dispatchers, Riverside Sheriff’s Sergeant Matthew Pohl explained in a written press release hours after the deadly accident. When emergency first responders arrived at the scene of the collision they found a Chevrolet Suburban with moderate front-end damage. Officials also located the victim in the middle of the roadway nearby. The victim had suffered major traumatic injuries when he was struck by the large SUV. Medical personnel immediately attempted life-saving efforts; however, the victim succumbed to his injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident. Officials have not identified the pedestrian, a 21-year-old male resident of Hemet, pending notification of the man’s family. Members of the San Jacinto Police Department’s Traffic Division responded to the scene and conducted an investigation into the cause of the fatal accident. During their investigation, officials determined a white Chevrolet Suburban was traveling southbound on San Jacinto Avenue when the vehicle struck a pedestrian that was crossing the roadway. The intersection where the accident happened has a cross walk; however, it was not immediately known if the victim, who was wearing all dark clothing, was using the cross walk when he was struck. The driver of the vehicle, identified only as a 58-year-old, male resident of San Jacinto, remained at the scene of the accident and was reportedly cooperating with the sheriff’s investigation. “There are no initial indications alcohol or drugs played a role in the collision,” said Pohl. Pohl took the opportunity to remind citizens to follow the rules of the road, cross the street using marked cross walks or intersections and obey signs and signals. “Pedestrians should make eye contact with drivers as they approach and never assume a driver sees you,” said Pohl. “Drivers are encouraged to slow down and look out for pedestrians, especially in hard-to-see conditions such as night or in bad weather.” Anyone with information about this collision or who witnessed the deadly accident is encouraged to contact Deputy Cortez or Deputy Cox at the San Jacinto Police Station’s Traffic Division at (951) 537-6411. Callers can refer to incident file number I171220012 and can remain anonymous. This is a developing story. Additional information will be updated as it becomes available. Share this: Tweet More Share on Tumblr Print Email Related 21, accident, collision, crash, Dead, Deadly, Derrick Peters, died, fatal, killed, pedestrian, San Jacinto, wreck UPDATED: SAN JACINTO: 21-year-old pedestrian killed crossing San Jacinto Ave ID’d added by Trevor Montgomery on May 2, 2017 View all posts by Trevor Montgomery → Trevor Montgomery spent 10 years in the U.S. Army as an Orthopedic Specialist before joining the Riverside County Sheriff Department in 1998. During his time with the sheriff's department, he worked at several different stations, including the Robert Presley Detention Center, the Southwest Station in Temecula and the Lake Elsinore Station along with many other locations. His assignments included Corrections, Patrol, DUI Enforcement, Boat and PWC based Lake Patrol, Problem Oriented Policing Team and he finished his career while working as a Sex Crimes and Child Abuse Investigator. Montgomery was a foster parent to nearly 60 children over 13 years and is now an adoptive parent and has 13 children and 7 grandchildren. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comments Protected by WP-SpamShield Spam Blocker Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. My Valley Weather Temecula Last Updated on May 3 2017, 10:55 pm PDT Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 64°F Wind: North at 0mph Humidity: 52% Dewpoint: 46.4°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance 951-763-5510 | 1588 S. Mission Rd. Suite 201, Fallbrook CA 92028 Valley News | Copyright © 2016 Village News, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
');//--> } Home Invest with Barry Speaking Book Contact YouTube’s Battle Against the Darkness May 3, 2017 6:30pm by Barry Ritholtz   Decrypted: A crisis is brewing at the world’s largest video service. YouTube has seen big advertisers from AT&T to Wal-Mart pull their ads off the platform over fears that their brand will appear next to offensive or extremist content. This week, Bloomberg Technology’s Mark Bergen and Aki Ito plunge into one of the thorniest corners of the modern Internet and ask: How do you police the unwieldy, ever-expanding mess that is the world wide web? Please note: some short examples of offensive material have been included in this episode.   Inside YouTube’s Battle Against the Internet’s Darkest Corners   Spread the wealth. twitter facebook linkedin Read this next. June 8, 2016 Faster, Stronger and Cheaper: Replacing Humans with Robots January 26, 2016 Fintech Disruption: Fact or a Fad? March 22, 2016 Does Apple Have a Big iPhone Problem? Posted Under Technology Video Previous Post Some Advice for Active Equity Managers About Barry Ritholtz   Barry L. Ritholtz is the co-founder and chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management. Launched in 2013, RWM is a... Read More Say Hello As Seen On Masters In Business Listen To My Podcast on iTunes Bloomberg View See My Bloomberg View Posts The Washington Post Read My Washington Posts Columns Bailout Nation How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy Learn More... Search for: Quote of the Day Barbara Feldon - I’ve always supported myself. I like the sense of knowing exactly where I stand financially, but there is a side of me that longs for a knight in shining armor. Quotes via Quotery Sign Up for My Newsletter Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks. Subscribe Categories Categories Select Category 401(k)  (41) Analysts  (32) Apprenticed Investor  (128) Asset Allocation  (83) Bad Math  (41) Bailout Nation  (25) Bailouts  (104) Blog Spotlight  (30) Bloomberg View  (173) Books  (114) Bubbles  (2) Cognitive Foibles  (77) Commodities  (309) Consumer Spending  (230) Contrary Indicators  (66) Corporate Management  (346) Credit  (520) Crony Capitalists  (6) Currency  (129) Current Affairs  (131) Cycles  (51) Data Analysis  (782) Derivatives  (258) Digital Media  (589) Dividends  (9) Earnings  (194) Economy  (1,644) Employment  (362) Energy  (192) ETFs  (25) Favorite  (1) Federal Reserve  (660) Film  (201) Finance  (1,015) Financial Press  (1,406) Fixed Income/Interest Rates  (258) Food and Drink  (15) Friday Night Jazz  (86) Gold & Precious Metals  (24) Hedge Funds  (89) Humor  (209) Index/ETFs  (44) Inflation  (430) Intellectual Property  (40) Investing  (1,008) IPOs  (5) Legal  (125) M&A  (55) Markets  (1,504) Mathematics  (38) Media  (630) MiB  (38) Music  (512) Mutual Funds  (18) Options  (6) Pension Funds  (3) Philanthropy  (8) Philosophy  (97) Podcast  (255) Politics  (811) Psychology  (1,135) Quantitative  (47) R&D  (3) Real Estate  (707) Really, really bad calls  (391) Regulation  (76) Research  (10) Retail  (186) RR&A  (47) Rules  (30) Science  (241) Sentiment  (26) Short Selling  (43) Sports  (26) Taxes and Policy  (243) Technical Analysis  (420) Technology  (308) Television  (164) Think Tank  (768) Trading  (472) Transports  (2) Travel  (24) Uncategorized  (190) UnGuru  (5) UnScience  (12) Valuation  (162) Venture Capital  (32) Video  (649) Wages & Income  (185) War/Defense  (122) Washington Post  (35) Wealth Management  (3) Web/Tech  (359) Weblogs  (415) Weekend  (324) Writing  (4) Archives Archives Select Month May 2017  (17) April 2017  (155) March 2017  (164) February 2017  (139) January 2017  (162) December 2016  (164) November 2016  (160) October 2016  (163) September 2016  (158) August 2016  (162) July 2016  (168) June 2016  (159) May 2016  (166) April 2016  (159) March 2016  (171) February 2016  (171) January 2016  (180) December 2015  (167) November 2015  (174) October 2015  (192) September 2015  (210) August 2015  (200) July 2015  (218) June 2015  (174) May 2015  (172) April 2015  (176) March 2015  (181) February 2015  (156) January 2015  (161) December 2014  (176) November 2014  (184) October 2014  (194) September 2014  (199) August 2014  (217) July 2014  (221) June 2014  (217) May 2014  (200) April 2014  (213) March 2014  (212) February 2014  (190) January 2014  (222) December 2013  (218) November 2013  (213) October 2013  (242) September 2013  (227) August 2013  (247) July 2013  (246) June 2013  (238) May 2013  (248) April 2013  (298) March 2013  (297) February 2013  (300) January 2013  (350) December 2012  (373) November 2012  (371) October 2012  (345) September 2012  (328) August 2012  (384) July 2012  (390) June 2012  (395) May 2012  (392) April 2012  (358) March 2012  (411) February 2012  (370) January 2012  (369) December 2011  (413) November 2011  (438) October 2011  (388) September 2011  (392) August 2011  (398) July 2011  (384) June 2011  (400) May 2011  (377) April 2011  (359) March 2011  (405) February 2011  (315) January 2011  (376) December 2010  (327) November 2010  (333) October 2010  (313) September 2010  (300) August 2010  (283) July 2010  (300) June 2010  (351) May 2010  (329) April 2010  (352) March 2010  (369) February 2010  (314) January 2010  (338) December 2009  (356) November 2009  (344) October 2009  (438) September 2009  (367) August 2009  (396) July 2009  (467) June 2009  (380) May 2009  (365) April 2009  (298) March 2009  (322) February 2009  (376) January 2009  (441) December 2008  (399) November 2008  (451) October 2008  (248) September 2008  (232) August 2008  (189) July 2008  (205) June 2008  (192) May 2008  (189) April 2008  (179) March 2008  (168) February 2008  (143) January 2008  (153) December 2007  (129) November 2007  (124) October 2007  (118) September 2007  (107) August 2007  (119) July 2007  (89) June 2007  (97) May 2007  (105) April 2007  (91) March 2007  (96) February 2007  (89) January 2007  (91) December 2006  (104) November 2006  (92) October 2006  (101) September 2006  (93) August 2006  (107) July 2006  (95) June 2006  (111) May 2006  (110) April 2006  (98) March 2006  (120) February 2006  (106) January 2006  (117) December 2005  (95) November 2005  (84) October 2005  (108) September 2005  (86) August 2005  (88) July 2005  (94) June 2005  (115) May 2005  (125) April 2005  (96) March 2005  (79) February 2005  (66) January 2005  (66) December 2004  (58) November 2004  (64) October 2004  (56) September 2004  (53) August 2004  (66) July 2004  (51) June 2004  (65) May 2004  (75) April 2004  (76) March 2004  (95) February 2004  (75) January 2004  (57) December 2003  (50) November 2003  (54) October 2003  (74) September 2003  (64) August 2003  (60) July 2003  (34) June 2003  (9) May 2003  (8) April 2003  (9) March 2003  (2) November 2002  (1) September 2002  (1) August 2002  (1) October 2001  (3) September 2001  (4) August 2000  (1) January 1998  (1) August 1979  (1) April 206  (1) July 3  (1) About The Big Picture FAQ What the Press Says Terms of Use Legal Disclosures © 2017 The Big Picture Sign Up for My Newsletter Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks. Subscribe
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout State Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now State Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Tennessee 7 bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder Associated Press • Updated May 3, 2017 at 8:50 PM NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Seven bounty hunters who descended on the wrong car outside a Wal-Mart have been indicted on first-degree murder charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another, Tennessee police announced Wednesday. The charges come after a chaotic scene in Clarksville on April 23, where police said the bounty hunters shot at the four people in the sedan and chased them for seven miles. Not one of the men in the sedan was wanted on outstanding charges. In fact, the Clarksville bounty hunters were looking for someone else, and there is no indication that any of the victims fired at the defendants or were even armed, police spokesman Jim Knoll said in an email. Bail bondsmen are empowered to hire or act as bounty hunters to bring in people who violate the terms of jail bonds, but they can’t use deadly force unless it’s self-defense. Killed was 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three from Clarksville. His family called him an innocent man who died in an act of terrorizing violence. Johnson’s uncle, Toni Jenkins, told The Associated Press that his nephew and the three men in the car with him had no idea why people would suddenly block their car in the Wal-Mart parking lot. Fearing an attack by gang members, they tried to flee. The bounty hunters, Jenkins said, started shooting in the parking lot and continued to fire on them during the chase, even ramming the Nissan along the way. Clarksville police would not confirm or deny these details, but authorities have said they are troubled by how the bounty hunters put people at risk. The Montgomery County grand jury charged all seven men with first-degree felony murder, three counts of attempted second-degree murder, three counts of especially aggravated kidnapping, attempted especially aggravated kidnapping, four counts of aggravated assault, employing a firearm in commission of a dangerous felony and felony reckless endangerment, police said. Some of the men charged were bonding agents and others were strictly bounty hunters, Knoll said. The men charged include: William L. Byles, 31; Kenneth Chiasson, 38; Antwon D. Keesee, 32; Jonathan Schnepp, 31; Roger D. West, 31; Prentice L. Williams, 34 and Joshua Young, 27. They do not yet have court dates or attorneys listed, the Montgomery County Circuit Court Clerk’s office said. All the men are from Clarksville, a city about 50 miles (80 kilometers) northwest of Nashville near the Kentucky state line. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
  You are here: Home > Business > Energy and Resources Solar-industry leader calls for action on Paris deal By He Shan 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail China.org.cn, May 4, 2017 Adjust font size: Qian Jing, vice president of JinkoSolar, makes a speech at B20 Summit. [Photo provided to China.org.cn]  JinkoSolar, a global leader in the photovoltaic (PV) industry, attended B20 Summit in Berlin on May 2-3 and called for action on the implementation of the Paris Agreement. At the summit, whose theme is "Resilience, Responsibility, Responsiveness - Towards a Future-oriented, Sustainable World Economy," how to promote sustainable development of economy and implement the Paris Agreement are key issues on the agenda. "The implementation of the agreement depends on business involvement and engagement," asserted Qian Jing, vice president of JinkoSolar. "It is time for businesses to take action." She said, "Starting from their own expertise and experience, companies can, for example, steer their capital towards direct investment in clean energy projects and low carbon, energy efficient technology and businesses, purchase and increase use of renewable energy, and become carbon neutral." She used giants like Apple, Google and Walmart as examples to elaborate her point -- These companies have been actively implementing sustainable development strategies and promoting renewable energy projects to fulfill the target of running entirely on renewable energy. JinkoSolar, a global leader in the photovoltaic (PV) industry, attends B20 Summit in Berlin on May 2-3. [Photo provided to China.org.cn] Companies also can report emissions and disclose climate change relevant data and information, adapt their business model and supply chain to seize this energy transition opportunity and create new jobs, internally price carbon, comply and align with government climate and energy regulation, support developing low carbon technology and science, and take a responsible approach to lobbying on climate action. Qian believed if enterprises can seize the opportunity brought by energy transformation, a new growth engine will emerge for enterprises. JinkoSolar has been committed to reducing the cost of solar power and helping enterprises shift energy structure and turn more sustainable, and thus implement the Paris Agreement. Carbon trade and carbon pricing are at the exploration stage and need unified standards. China will launch a national carbon emission trade system in 2017, putting itself on a path towards green, low-carbon and climate change-adaptive economy. This year's B20 Summit has proposed building a platform dedicated to the strategic dialogue for carbon pricing, meaning that solid progress will be made on carbon trade in 2017. Qian said, "We hope G20 governments cooperatively launch a unified carbon market on a broader spectrum, design rules, guidelines, procedures to help parties establish trading schemes, establish a dedicated committee or consultancy group to help countries with carbon market building and pricing setting to address gaps and needs." Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. ChinaNews App Download Print E-mail Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:    Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter Solar-industry leader calls for action on Paris deal JinkoSolar, a global leader in the photovoltaic (PV) industry, attended B20 Summit in Berlin on May 2-3 and called for action on the implementation of the Paris Agreement. China.org.cn China.org.cn
Viral: News • Donald Trump • Instagram • Controversy • Reality TV Home Videos Photos Shop     Former Porn Actress Claims Drake Got Her Pregnant And Asked Her To Get An Abortion -- And His Rep Has A Doozy Of A Denial! Donald Trump Just Appointed A Man With Multiple Sexual Assault Accusations To The State Department Ashley Graham Goes Completely Naked For V Magazine & Declares Cellulite A 'Nonissue' -- SLAY! Playboy Model Pisses Off New Zealand Tribe By Posing Nude On Top Of A Sacred Mountain! Former Congressman Joe Walsh Slammed After Insensitive Comments About Jimmy Kimmel's Son Teen Mom Stars: Then & Now! Brad Pitt Reveals All To GQ Style -- Opens Up About Split From Angelina Jolie AND Confesses He Quit Drinking! Melania Trump's Personal Twitter Account Liked A Shady AF Post About Donald Trump -- No Joke! Barack Obama Dated THIS Woman At The Same Time As Michelle -- And Asked Her To Marry Him First! Jennifer Lopez & Madonna Literally Can't Even With Katy Perry's Performance Of Bon Appétit -- Watch! Barack Obama & Hillary Clinton Lead Heartfelt Reactions To Jimmy Kimmel's Story About His Newborn Son's Emergency Healthcare! Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry FINALLY Confirms The Identity Of Her Unborn Baby's Father! Eddie Redmayne Was Reportedly LIVID After Being Turned Away From Rihanna's Met Gala After Party! Rosie O'Donnell's Estranged Daughter Tells All About Her 'Abusive' Mom & Reveals Why They Can't Reconcile In Shocking Interview Former Bachelor Chris Soules Accused Of Buying Alcohol Just Before Fatal Accident Abusive 'DaddyoFive' YouTube Parents Lose Custody Of Young Cody & Emma! Hailee Steinfeld & Justin Bieber Are Reportedly A Thing Now! United Airlines CEO Calls The Dr. David Dao Incident A 'Horrible Failure' -- Here's How The Company Will Do Better! Khloé Kardashian Considering Suing Longtime Stylist Monica Rose After 'Mysterious' Split Stranded Fyre Festival Travelers Locked In Airport Terminal For HOURS -- And Some Passed Out From Dehydration! Zayn Malik's Fans Are Wondering Why The 'Filthy Rich' Singer Is Asking THEM For Money... Celine Dion, Katy Perry, The Kardashian/Jenners, & More Get Crazy In Avant-Garde Met Gala Videos -- Watch! Dancing With The Stars Sends TWO Celebs Home As A Front Runner Emerges -- Deets HERE! Ryan Reynolds’ Love Note To Blake Lively At The Met Gala Will Give You All The Feels! Katy Perry Wears Undies Over Her Outfit While Rihanna Slips Into A Robe For The Met Gala After-Parties Kim Kardashian & Kylie Jenner Break The Met Gala Social Media Ban In Order To Out Kendall Jenner & A$AP Rocky As A Couple! Tomi Lahren Settles Wrongful Termination Lawsuit Against TheBlaze & Glenn Beck Jimmy Kimmel Fights Back Tears As He Reveals Newborn Son Billy Underwent Open Heart Surgery From Jaden Smith's Hair To Kendall Jenner's Barely-There Dress! Twitter Reacts To All Of The Best Moments From The Met Gala! Kylie Jenner Has A Sheer Moment At The Met Gala -- But What's Up With This Blonde Wig? Met Gala 2017: All The Red Carpet Pics -- UPDATING LIVE! Donald Trump Is Pulling The Plug On Michelle Obama's Let Girls Learn Initiative -- How Awful! Kris Jenner's Former Security Guard Arrested In Her Front Yard After Breaking Through Gates! Nicki Minaj Has Changed The Name Of Her Fandom & Twitter Is SHOOK Over It! Ja Rule & Billy McFarland BANNED From Putting On Another Festival In The Bahamas! Netflix Promises To Update Trigger Warnings For 13 Reasons Why After Suicide Controversy Donald Trump Angrily Cuts Off Interview After Being Asked About His Obama Wiretap Claims! Watch! Ashton Kutcher Tells Ellen The Meaning Behind His Son's Name & How Donald Trump Was Involved! Twitter Worries Ryan Seacrest Is About To Steal ALL Our Jobs Following His Live! Cohost Appointment! Donald Trump Doesn't Understand Why The Civil War Happened -- So Twitter Happily Explained! PerezHilton CocoPerez Selena Gomez Britney Brad Pitt Kim K. PerezTV Home >> Wacky, Tacky & True, Legal Matters, Dr. Phil, Young Hollywood, Business Blitz, Teens, Walmart, Reality TV >> The 'Cash Me Ousside' Girl Is Coming After Walmart! The 'Cash Me Ousside' Girl Is Coming After Walmart! 5/03/2017 8:47 PM ET | Filed under: Wacky, Tacky & True • Legal Matters • Dr. Phil • Young Hollywood • Business Blitz • Teens • Walmart • Reality TV Where's Dr. Phil when you need him?? Recently, Danielle Bregoli — the rambunctious teen known for her "Cash Me Ousside" catch phase — threatened legal action against Walmart for selling merchandise with her famous saying! Related: 'Cash Me Ousside' Girl Punches Passenger On Plane As seen on their website: If the retailer doesn't pull the 15 articles of clothing (including tees, tank tops and hoodies), the troublemaking reality TV star may file a lawsuit. In addition to shelving the goods, Miz Bregoli wants to know how much profit the conglomerate has made from the products. According to a Walmart rep, the company hasn't seen Danielle's letter, but will take the matter seriously. If they don't, Bregoli will cash them ousside at the checkout line! [Image via Walmart/Danielle Bregoli/Instagram.] Tags: business blitz, dr. phil, legal matters, reality tv, tacky and true, teens, wacky, walmart, young hollywood Related Stories Here's Your Chance To Be In Kim Kardashian's Highly-Coveted Glam Squad! Jimmy Fallon Shares HIGHlariously Awkward #PromFail Photo! Former Porn Actress Claims Drake Got Her Pregnant And Asked Her To Get An Abortion -- And His Rep Has A Doozy Of A Denial! Man Arrested For Sexually Assaulting A Chicken Teen Mom Stars: Then & Now! Best Promposals Of All Time! All The Times The Kardashians Were Sued! Flip Or Flop's Tarek & Christina El Moussa: A Timeline Of Their Drama! Hollywood's Most Notorious Nannies! Survivor's Most Shocking Moments! View Pics » « Previous storyICYMI! Katy Perry Gets SLAMMED For Posting 'Insensitive' Photo Of Her Met Gala Outfit! Next story »Perez Recommends: Erykah Badu Announces "Badu Vs. Everythang" World Tour Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. See All Comments Former Porn Actress Claims Drake Got Her Pregnant And Asked Her To Get An Abortion -- And His Rep Has A Doozy Of A Denial! Not even a month after Instagram model Layla Lace accused Drake of a hit-and-run impregnation, he's already answering ANOTHER woman's claims. In case you hadn't heard, former porn star Sophie Brussaux claims she's 3 1/2 months pregnant with Drizzy's bizzy -- sorry, baby -- and that he tried to get her to have an abortion. Photos: Evidence At Least One Baby Claim Is Fake According to TMZ, Brussaux has hired a lawyer to start child support filing. She claims she has text messages that really make it look like Drake admits to being the father. These alleged messages read: [Image via Instagram.] Advertising info Ashley Graham Goes Completely Naked For V Magazine & Declares Cellulite A 'Nonissue' -- SLAY! Steve Bannon Writes His Disgusting Anti-Immigration Goals On A Whiteboard -- And It Just Accidentally Got Revealed In This Selfie! Brad Pitt Reveals All To GQ Style -- Opens Up About Split From Angelina Jolie AND Confesses He Quit Drinking! ICYMI: #FireColbert Trends Over 'Homophobic' Donald Trump Joke -- But Wait Until You See Who's Really Tweeting! Kim Kardashian Is Trying SO Hard! Ivanka Trump Broke Down In Tears When Donald Trump Initially Refused To Apologize For His P*ssy Grabbing Remarks Barack Obama Dated THIS Woman At The Same Time As Michelle -- And Asked Her To Marry Him First! Melania Trump's Personal Twitter Account Liked A Shady AF Post About Donald Trump -- No Joke! Did Rihanna Shade Nicki Minaj's Met Gala Outfit?? Jennifer Lopez & Madonna Literally Can't Even With Katy Perry's Performance Of Bon Appétit -- Watch! Celebrity Model Children! A-List Offspring Hit The Magazines And Runways! Teen Mom Stars: Then & Now! The Nastiest Celebrity Divorces! Met Gala 2017: All The Red Carpet Pics! Radio Perez EXCLUSIVE! Let Quinn XCII brighten your day with this acoustic performance of Another Day In Paradise! https://goo.gl/T0gqwg Zayn is such a poser! This sucks so hard!!! Much more on The Perez Hilton Podcast with Chris Booker! Listen on iTunes or directly at PerezPodcast.com Shocking Justin Bieber news!! We're starting to like him again! A little! Are U??? This and much more on The Perez Hilton Podcast with Chris Booker! Listen on iTunes or directly at PerezPodcast.com Is this sexist of Perez? This and much more on The Perez Hilton Podcast with Chris Booker! Listen on iTunes or directly at PerezPodcast.com I LOVE women, but... I want less of you at the gay club! Sorry I'm not sorry! This and much more on The Perez Hilton Podcast with Chris Booker! Listen on iTunes or directly at PerezPodcast.com RaeLynn "Love Triangle" (Perez Hilton Exclusive!) RaeLynn "WildHorse" (Perez Hilton Exclusive!) MORE PEREZ ON YOUTUBE » Let Starbucks' Unofficial Mermaid Frappuccino Be A Part Of Your World! VOTE: Who Wore Katy's Met Gala Look Better — Katy Perry Vs. Winona Ryder??? VOTE: Who Had The Sexiest Look At The Met Gala? Home | About | Contact Perez | Newsletter | Advertising | Sitemap | RSS Copyright statement | Conditions of Use | Privacy Notice | © 2005-2017 PerezHilton.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 1, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 1, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018)   ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate nightly left lane closures Sunday through Thursday nights the week of May 1.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to bridge and shoulder sweeping in Wythe and Bland counties.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)     Grayson County ***Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: The Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge will be closed to traffic for repairs on Tuesday (April 25) from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. The bridge is located .30 mile from Route 732 and 3.7 miles from Route 601. (Completion: April 25)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County ***Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: The Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge will be closed Wednesday (May 3) from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. to replace the bridge. While the bridge is being replaced, motorists will use the following routes to detour: Routes 680, 682, 676 and 671.   Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon in the next two weeks, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   ***Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Washington County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon this week, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018)   Completed Route 672 – bridge replacement: A section of Route 672 (Martin’s Creek Road) in Lee County has reopened following replacement of the bridge over Martin Creek.   Route 687 bridge: Replacement of the superstructure for the Route 687 bridge in Scott County has been completed.        (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 Next PostNext TRAFFIC ALERT: 10th STREET CLOSURE IN ROANOKE SCHEDULED BETWEEN WILLAMSON ROAD AND ROUND HILL AVENUE BETWEEN WILLAMSON ROAD AND ROUND HILL AVENUE – Utility work is part of second 10th Street project Search Recent Posts ROSTHERNE, A New Favorite of Anti-aging Beauty Awards Top 3 KODI 17.0 Android TV Boxes Introduced by Top 10 TV Boxes Top 3 KODI 17.0 Android TV Boxes Introduced by Top 10 TV Boxes ErickDy Consulting Helps Dental Practices and Their Potential Clients Find Each Other Golden Hill TruckCoin Officially Welcomes & Congratulates Vietnam Market Leaders During Inaugural Five Star Hotel Dinner Gala RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ University of Arkansas film focuses on the Arkansas, national strawberry industry Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics House approves resolution to adopt impeachment rules ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Lawmakers end special session with $103 million reserve fund, changes to Arkansas Works Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info Tyson Foods, Cobb-Vantress partner with OneEgg to launch sustainable egg farm in Haiti Video / Podcasts AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Senate President Dismang shares thoughts on healthcare, taxes and executions TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Arkansas executions and playing tennis at the White House with Jay Dickey U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman says healthcare reform has to happen Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail USA Truck posts first quarter loss of $4.9 million, predicts an income gain in the third quarter ATRI releases list of 6 research priorities for 2017 The Supply Side: Wal-Mart suppliers could see new opportunities with Lidl P.A.M. first quarter earnings fall 22%, revenue rises 5% Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us University of Arkansas film focuses on the Arkansas, national strawberry industry AgricultureBusinessLatest News by Jennifer Joyner (JJoyner@nwabj.com) 8 hours ago 30 views  Tags: The Favored Strawberry 0 SHARES Share Tweet University of Arkansas journalism faculty members Larry Foley and Dale Carpenter have produced a film on strawberry production in the U.S. and a locally-led effort to increase sustainability of production and improve the quality of the product. Titled “The Favored Strawberry,” the one-hour documentary was filmed at big and small farms in eight states, including Arkansas, Oklahoma, Texas, Florida, New Jersey, North Carolina, Maryland and California. Family-owned Dickey Farms in Springdale was featured in “The Favored Strawberry,” as was Harps Foods Stores and the Fayetteville Farmers Market. The film was funded by the UA System Division of the Agriculture Center for Agricultural and Rural Sustainability (CARS). It premiered Tuesday (May 2), with a screening at the Botanical Garden of the Ozarks in Fayetteville. Foley and Curt Rom, horticulture professor and associate dean for international education at the UA graduate school, spoke on the making of the film and strawberry agriculture during a question-and-answer session that followed the screening. Rom is also program director and project leader of the National Strawberry Sustainability Initiative. Funded with $4 million in grants from the Walmart Foundation, the initiative was founded at CARS in 2013, with a stated mission to “move sustainable production forward through innovation, application of new technology, demonstration, outreach/extension and education, ultimately resulting in increased sustainable production and supply of strawberries to American consumers.” Strawberry production of 3.1 billion pounds generated $2.2 billion in 2015, according USDA data. Production showed a bump from the previous year, while value declined slightly. University of Arkansas journalism Professor Larry Foley, producer of “The Favored Strawberry,” addresses the crowd at a screening of the film on Tuesday (May 2) at the Botanical Garden of the Ozarks in Fayetteville. Meanwhile, strawberry consumption in the U.S. is increasing 3% to 5% every year, Foley said. “It’s almost as if we cannot get enough strawberries.” Since 2013, the strawberry sustainability initiative executed two project phases that included research and outreach projects in areas throughout the country, aimed toward reducing chemical inputs, conserving water, reducing waste, improving soil quality and food safety, and expanding the strawberry season in some regions. Strawberries are now grown year-round in California, accounting for 88% of production. Rom said he hopes the efforts will result in better-quality products on grocery shelves, pointing to a number of factors that affect the flavor of strawberries, including size. Strawberries have been bred to be bigger in recent years, and “it compromised the flavor over the last three decades,” Rom said. Now, the industry is trending toward smaller berries, he said. The film was shot over two years, Foley said. He and Foley have been making documentary films together since 1976 and have won multiple Mid-America Emmy Awards. “The Favored Strawberry” was narrated by Academy Award winner Ray McKinnon. Fellow UA faculty members Hayot Tuychiev and Tom Hapgood served as director of photography and art director, respectively, for the film. UA music Prof. James Greeson wrote an original musical score for the film. It will air June 12 at 9 p.m. and June 18 at 11 p.m. on AETN. Comments comments Previous post Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods Next post ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, drug money, ‘far away eyes,’ and gum and trinkets Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Latest Popular House approves resolution to adopt impeachment rules 6 hours ago ATA president gives state of industry address at Rogers conference, says tolling is ‘extortion’ 6 hours ago University of Arkansas film focuses on the Arkansas, national strawberry industry 8 hours ago Wall Street expects leaner second quarter earnings for Tyson Foods 8 hours ago Arkansas’ rice crop could see worst hit in 30 years if flood projections hold 8 hours ago Southwestern Energy plans to double drilling in Moorefield Shale in north-central Arkansas 5,189 views Broker, City Director Keith Lau launches plan for new development in downtown Fort Smith  4,673 views Weldon, Williams & Lick to expand in deal with Florida ticket company 2,092 views For banker Johnny Allison, there’s nothing like a little Cuban credit, opportunity and hospitality 2,057 views Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info 1,921 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
KSHB Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + 7 Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weather Cams Weather Radar Storm Tracker Weather Alerts School Closings Weather Blog Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices News + Local State US/World The Now KC Galleries Politics DecodeDC Crime Investigators Education Conquering Addiction Money + ShopSmart Business Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone Sports + Royals Chiefs Sporting KC College Sports High School Entertainment + Celebrity Movies TV Listings Right This Minute Bounce TV COZI TV The List Lifestyle + Holidays Home & Garden Family Community Calendar Food Pets Science/Tech Taste & See KC Simplemost Marketplace + BBB KC Home Improvement Specialists Video + Latest Videos Youtube Channel Watch 41 Action News Live About Us + Contact Us Contests Meet The Team Advertise With Us 41 Action News Mobile RSS Support KindKC KCLive.TV 38theSpot.com Nichols at Night Current 46 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 42° HI: -° LO: 42° HI: -° LO: 42° More Weather Traffic current alerts 1 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 12 Weather Alerts Flood Warning issued May 4 at 1:20AM CDT expiring May 5 at 8:00AM CDT in effect for: Cass, Henry, Johnson Flood Warning issued May 3 at 9:28PM CDT expiring May 6 at 4:41PM CDT in effect for: Bates Flood Warning issued May 3 at 9:20PM CDT expiring May 5 at 1:00AM CDT in effect for: Carroll, Chariton, Saline Flash Flood Watch issued May 3 at 9:16PM CDT expiring May 4 at 7:00AM CDT in effect for: Barry, Benton, Camden, Cedar, Christian, Dade, Dallas, Dent, Douglas, Greene, Hickory, Howell, Laclede, Lawrence, Maries, Miller, Morgan, Oregon, Ozark, Phelps, Polk, Pulaski, Saint Clair, Shannon, Stone, Taney, Texas, Webster, Wright Flood Warning issued May 3 at 8:40PM CDT expiring May 8 at 11:41PM CDT in effect for: Cooper, Saline Flood Warning issued May 3 at 8:40PM CDT expiring May 5 at 5:14PM CDT in effect for: Johnson, Pettis Flood Warning issued May 3 at 8:19PM CDT expiring May 4 at 11:18AM CDT in effect for: Bates, Vernon Flood Warning issued May 3 at 8:12PM CDT expiring May 5 at 9:20PM CDT in effect for: Bates, Cass, Henry Flash Flood Watch issued May 3 at 1:40PM CDT expiring May 4 at 7:00AM CDT in effect for: Barry, Barton, Benton, Camden, Cedar, Christian, Dade, Dallas, Dent, Douglas, Greene, Hickory, Howell, Jasper, Laclede, Lawrence, McDonald, Maries, Miller, Morgan, Newton, Oregon, Ozark, Phelps, Polk, Pulaski, Saint Clair, Shannon, Stone, Taney, Texas, Vernon, Webster, Wright Flood Warning issued April 30 at 6:02AM CDT expiring May 5 at 1:22PM CDT in effect for: Carroll, Chariton Flood Warning issued April 30 at 6:02AM CDT expiring May 4 at 1:20PM CDT in effect for: Platte Flood Warning issued April 30 at 6:02AM CDT expiring May 4 at 7:00PM CDT in effect for: Platte 12 Weather Alerts More fast food options could come to Argentine Sarah Plake 6:14 PM, May 3, 2017 6:49 PM, May 3, 2017 Share Article Previous Next While many metro neighborhoods chase away big-box stores and fast food chains, Argentine would like to have them. Sarah Plake - 41 Action News Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next KANSAS CITY, Kan. - While many metro neighborhoods chase away big-box stores and fast food chains, Argentine has its arms wide open. A $3.3 million project could soon bring a Wendy's, Pizza Hut, and Dunkin' Donuts to 21st and Metropolitan, across from the Save-A-Lot. "We literally have nothing, like we only have places to go shop, no where to just grab something and go," long-time resident Elizabeth Davis said. New to Argentine, Estella Boyer agreed. "They may make pretty good money just because there's nothing here!" Boyer said. Argentine is surrounded by highways on three sides and a railway on one side. Neighbors complain any food options other than the recently-built Wal-Mart and Save-A-Lot are miles away.  "It'd be nice to be able to just stay local; I like to do business local," resident Frank Parra said. Sonic Drive-In at 35th & Strong was a long-time favorite for residents, and it closed more than five years ago. Residents said there have been no other options since then, except for the store at 32nd & Strong, where at least three Mexican restaurants have opened and closed. "I wish that it was still there because we could get a little slushie on days you had a good day," Davis said. "We'd just walk right down the hill." The Board of Commissioners will set a date for a public hearing. Commissioner Ann Murguia of the 3rd District has pushed for more fast food options for years. "There were a number of young kids and low-income families that didn't have a large skill set for employment that were looking for opportunities close to home," Murguia said. Murguia said in the 10 years she's been a commissioner, residents have always said fast food is the number one amenity they want. She credits convincing the three fast food retailers to do business in Argentine to the success of Save-A-Lot. Commissioners will decide on May 11 whether to establish a CID and TIF for the area. An additional one-percent sales tax would be applied to the area. Those revenues plus property tax revenues would help pay off the project. Murguia is also the executive director of the Argentine Neighborhood Development Association. The group donated a $1.2 million federal grant from Health and Human Services to the project. "This is not a health initiative," Murguia said. "This is a job creation initiative, and these three businesses will create 71 low-income, entry-level jobs." Kansas City, Kansas Mayor Mark Holland commented, “We are just beginning the process of evaluating this project, and much more work will need to be completed before we even consider a developer’s agreement. Our next step will be to establish a date for a public hearing. The input we receive at that hearing will help us evaluate the merits of the project and what our next moves will be.” Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Money Sports Entertainment Life Video Weather KSHB Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff TV Listings Community Calendar KC Home Improvement Specialists Right this Minute Laff TV Watch NBC Contests Mobile Apps KSHB iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / Toronto Man claims to be murder suspect, details Kitchener stabbing death on Reddit In an online statement posted late Monday night, the writer says he was protecting himself when his ex-girlfriend came at him with a knife. Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print Torstar News Services Ager Mohsin Hasan and Melinda Vasilije in an undated photo linked to the Reddit post. By: Staff Torstar News Service Published on WATERLOO REGION — A person claiming to be Ager Mohsin Hasan, the man who faces a second-degree murder charge in connection with the death of Melinda Vasilije, said he stabbed the woman in self-defence in a Reddit post that has since been removed from the site. In the online statement posted late Monday night, the writer says he was protecting himself when his ex-girlfriend came at him with a knife. “Out of shock and fear I grab one (knife). I hit her with it, almost blindly. A few times,” the person wrote. “I was confused, shocked and scared. I had no intentions of that happening. When I left I honestly thought she just passed out. Then I looked at the blood, and started freaking out and just ran.” The writer said he didn’t know the woman was dead until the following day. “I honestly had no intentions of ever doing that to her, I was protecting myself,” the writer said. Hasan, a 24-year-old Hamilton man, is on the run. Waterloo Regional Police say he fled to the United States on Friday only hours after Vasilije was found dead. Vasilije was stabbed multiple times and found inside her apartment at 38 Country Hill Dr. around 3 a.m. Friday morning. Hasan was last reportedly seen in Erie County, Penn., on Friday morning when a man matching his description was seen switching licence plates in a Walmart parking lot. He hasn’t been seen since. In a statement, Waterloo Regional Police said Tuesday that they are aware of the Reddit post and that the information is being examined by investigators. “Information like this is potential evidence and, as such, needs to be authenticated and verified,” said Insp. Mike Haffner. Police said they will not comment further on the Reddit post. Evidence on the charge of second-degree murder will be presented in court which will evaluate the information, Haffner said. In an interview, Hasan’s mother, Sozan Jamil said she still hasn’t heard from her son. She said she found the Reddit post online and contacted police to make them aware of it. The post was removed by early Tuesday afternoon. Police encourage Hasan to turn himself into police in the United States. In the post, the person says he was in a relationship with Vasilije after being apart. He said the couple had talked about marriage and children, and that families on both sides had met each other. The writer said the pair agreed to meet on Friday after texting. The writer said he arrived at the apartment: “We just cuddled, kissed and talked about everything.” But things turned sour when Vasilije asked the man if he had been with someone else while they were apart. He admitted he had. “She started freaking out. Wouldn’t say a word and just kept slapping me with tears in her eyes. Slaps turned into hits,” the post read. The writer said he pushed her and she fell, hitting the sink. She told him to leave. “I go up to her to try and give her a hug, almost out no where she grabs a knife by the sink,” the post read. “She comes at me in full force, aiming toward my face. I tell her to stop. She doesn’t, I tried grabbing the knife but ended up cutting my hands. After a few cuts I lost it,” the post said. In the post, the person says he didn’t mean to do it and apologizes to Vasilije’s family. “I know it will not will be accepted but know I didn’t mean anything bad to happened that night when I went there. Rest in peace my beautiful. I hope you forgive me in the after life,” the post read. The post says the pair had been in a relationship for more than a year. In April, they broke up and he arrived at her apartment. A fight broke out with two other men who were at the apartment. Police have said Hasan was ordered not to enter Waterloo Region and to not make contact with Vasilije after he was charged with an alleged break-and-enter and two alleged assaults at her Country Hill Drive apartment on April 3. In the Reddit post, the writer said he did not plan Vasilije’s death. “I always have a passport in the car and decided to just get away for a few days before turning myself in or killing myself,” the post said. The post also shows various photographs of the couple and a text conversation on Friday before the man alleged to be Hasan arrived at the Kitchener apartment. Meanwhile, the family of Vasilije is holding a visitation for her at Westmount Memorial Celebration Centre on Tuesday. Her funeral is on Wednesday. Anyone with information on Hasan or his whereabouts is asked to call Waterloo Regional Police at 519-650-8500, ext. 8666. Anyone with information on Hasan or his whereabouts is asked to call Waterloo Regional Police at 519-650-8500, ext. 8666. lmonteiro@therecord.com Twitter: @MonteiroRecord Editors' Picks Pigeon lays eggs in used needle 'nest' in Downtown Eastside hotel: Vancouver police A Finland brewery sent out 1,000-can packs, and people bought them Photos: Former Toronto mayor's home hits the market for almost $18M Scientists behind plan for human head transplant made a two-headed rat More on Metronews.ca Most Popular B.C. NDP ahead 8% but B.C. Greens could be real kingmakers: poll First look at plans for massive redevelopment near Dufferin Mall City prepares for possible evacuation of Toronto island residents Pigeon lays eggs in used needle 'nest' in Downtown Eastside hotel: Vancouver police Toronto Views More... Tory's Toronto No hope for social housing found in Kathleen Wynne's budget Tory's Toronto Ontario's budget shouldn't pass up golden opportunity on transit Tory's Toronto Five reasons why Toronto is clearly better than Vancouver: Matt Elliott Tory's Toronto At long last, Toronto has championship hopes — revel in it Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman A Full-Day Meetup to Focus on a Practical Use of TensorFlow SUNNYVALE, Calif., May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — On May 7, Altoros and @WalmartLabs will be hosting a mega meetup in Sunnyvale, CA, dedicated to deep learning with TensorFlow. The technology is an open-source machine intelligence library created by Google in 2015. TensorFlow uses data graphs to represent mathematical operations and the multi-dimensional data arrays (tensors) communicated in between. „The variety, number, and scale of models that large retailers have to handle makes model lifecycle management an important consideration for technology choices at Walmart,” said Esteban Arcaute, Head of Data Science, @WalmartLabs. „That’s why we are excited to host TensorBeat 2017 and support the deep learning community and TensorFlow users everywhere.” The event—entitled as „TensorBeat 2017″—is organized by Altoros, a global cloud-native development company. Amazon’s Alexa, CloudMinds, MuleSoft, and @WalmartLabs have been named Premium Sponsors. According to Chandra Khatri, Applied AI Scientist at Amazon, „The Alexa Science and Machine Learning team is thrilled to sponsor this meetup,” helping to foster the TensorFlow community. Agenda The announced sessions and speakers: — „Building an Answer Bot in the Cloud” (Avkash Chauhan, H2O) — „Machine Learning on VMware vSphere 6 with NVIDIA GPUs” (Lan Vu and Uday Kurkure, VMware) — „Dive Deeper into Finance with TensorFlow” (Daniel Egloff, QuantAlea) — „Practical Reinforcement Learning with TensorFlow” (Illia Polosukhin, XIX.ai) — „Control Flow Operations in TensorFlow” (Sam Abrahams, Metis) — „TensorFlow Visualization with Guild AI” (Garrett Smith, Guild AI) — „How to Run TensorFlow More Cheaply in the Cloud Using Elastic GPUs” (Subbu Rama, Bitfusion) Two panels will also elaborate on using TensorFlow in finance and manufacturing. „We’re excited to support new ways of thinking and innovation across organizations and industries,” said Uri Sarid, CTO, MuleSoft. „TensorFlow and MuleSoft make it easier to experiment with deep learning and machine learning.” RSVP at www.tensorbeat.com About Premium Sponsors Alexa (www.alexa.com) is an Amazon company. Its goal is to make voice interfaces ubiquitous and as natural as speaking to a human, using many real-world data sources including customer interactions and a variety of techniques like highly scalable deep learning. CloudMinds (www.cloudminds.com) is a developer and operator of cloud robots, providing secure networking and connecting devices to a blockchain-based AI platform. MuleSoft™’s (www.mulesoft.com) mission is to help organizations change and innovate faster by making it easy to connect the world’s applications, data, and devices. With its API-led approach to connectivity, MuleSoft’s market-leading Anypoint Platform™ is enabling 1,000+ organizations in 60+ countries to build application networks. @WalmartLabs (www.walmartlabs.com) creates products around social and mobile commerce to support Walmart’s global strategy of anytime, anywhere access where millions of customers can shop through mobile devices, both online or physically. About the organizer Altoros (www.altoros.com) is a 300+ people strong consultancy that helps Global 2000 organizations with a methodology, technology building blocks, and end-to-end solution development. The company turns cloud-native app development, customer analytics, blockchain, and AI into products with a sustainable competitive advantage. Media Contact: Vlad Leetventchouk 157912@email4pr.com  (650) 265-2266 ext. 503 SOURCE Altoros Americas CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Bechtel Awarded Delivery Management Partner Contract on Sydney Metro Project Next PostNext Alcentra Capital Corporation Announces Conference Call To Discuss First Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Mangelndes Engagement für Frequenzreform der EU hemmt die 5G-Entwicklung IMF Reaches Staff-Level Agreement on the Second Review of Sri Lanka’s Extended Fund Facility Two Families Sue Chehalis Midwife for Tragic Outcomes During Childbirth, According to Attorney Sim Osborn Heartbeat Chairman Bill Drummy Honored as “Innovation Catalyst” by MM&M Magazine Heartbeat Chairman Bill Drummy Honored as “Innovation Catalyst” by MM&M Magazine RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
7 bail bond agents, bounty hunters charged with murder of Clarks - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities 7 bail bond agents, bounty hunters charged with murder of Clarksville man 2017-05-03T22:17:19Z2017-05-03T22:27:07Z Reported by Forrest Sanders Email Connect Forrest.Sanders@wsmv.com Follow @WSMV_Forrest Jalen Johnson was shot to death last month. (WSMV) CLARKSVILLE, TN (WSMV) - For more than a week, a family sought an arrest in the shooting death of a father of three. Now, some of those family members and friends are shocked by charges of murder filed on seven men. All seven are either bail bond agents or bounty hunters. According to Clarksville police, bail bond agents approached a vehicle carrying Johnson and others last week, looking to serve an arrest warrant at a Walmart parking lot on Whitfield Boulevard. Police said shots were fired, Johnson and another man were hit, and the bail bond agents chased their vehicle across the city to a spot on Fort Campbell. Boulevard. Johnson later died from those injuries. Police said there was not a warrant out for anyone in the car, and their investigation leads them to believe no one fired on the bail bond agents or had weapons in the car. After the Montgomery County grand jury met Monday and Tuesday, charges were handed down on William Byles, Kenneth Chiasson, Antwon Keesee, Jonathan Schnepp, Roger West, Prentice Williams and Joshua Young. The men's charges include first-degree felony murder, attempted second-degree murder, especially aggravated kidnapping, aggravated assault and felony reckless endangerment. Police said because the bail bond agents and bounty hunters approached the vehicle of men without warrants, the kidnapping charge came about. Six of the men are listed with Clarksville addresses, while Williams is listed with an address in Nevada. Police said they won't be releasing which of the men actually fired shots, and that will come out in court. Among the seven are men who work for different bail bond companies or work independently. A rep for KeeSee Bonding told Channel 4, they're still evaluating the situation and working to get an attorney. A rep for Eagle Bonding referred all questions to their attorney, Thomas R. Meeks. Meeks did not return a call for comment by news time. Johnson's mother, Diane Jenkins, told Channel 4 by phone Wednesday, while she's relieved to see the arrests, she's concerned charges could be dropped on some of the men. Other family members have said they wanted the men's bonds to be higher than $300,000. Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. More from WMCTV.COMMore>> Special Montgomery County news Click to read more headlines from Montgomery County.More >> Click to read more headlines from Montgomery County.More >> News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Jewish leader believes Nazi yearbook photo shows the power of symbols Jewish leader believes Nazi yearbook photo shows the power of symbols Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 11:49 PM EDT2017-05-04 03:49:30 GMT (Source: Facebook) Germantown Municipal School District has apologized after a picture of middle schoolers dressed in Nazi uniforms was published in the school yearbook. More >> Germantown Municipal School District has apologized after a picture of middle schoolers dressed in Nazi uniforms was published in the school yearbook.More >> Memphis family targeted Christians, stole $21M in Ponzi scheme Memphis family targeted Christians, stole $21M in Ponzi scheme Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 11:47 PM EDT2017-05-04 03:47:55 GMT (SOURCE: public domain) A Memphis family was convicted of stealing $21 million from 360 victims in a decade-long gold and silver Ponzi scheme. More >> A Memphis family was convicted of stealing $21 million from 360 victims in a decade-long gold and silver Ponzi scheme. More >> 2 adults, 1 child injured in Airways Blvd crash 2 adults, 1 child injured in Airways Blvd crash Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 11:46 PM EDT2017-05-04 03:46:59 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Traffic has been shut down in both directions after an accident in the 1500 block of Airways Boulevard.  More >> Traffic has been shut down in both directions after an accident in the 1500 block of Airways Boulevard.  More >> Multi-vehicle crash on I-40 causes traffic back up Multi-vehicle crash on I-40 causes traffic back up Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 11:46 PM EDT2017-05-04 03:46:13 GMT A multi-vehicle crash on Interstate 40 eastbound, just east of Germantown Parkway, is causing traffic to be backed up. More >> A multi-vehicle crash on Interstate 40 eastbound, just east of Germantown Parkway, is causing traffic to be backed up.More >> Family of mother found shot, burned in DeSoto County want answers Family of mother found shot, burned in DeSoto County want answers Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 11:45 PM EDT2017-05-04 03:45:16 GMT Lashanda Otis (SOURCE: Facebook) A Memphis woman was found shot and charred by a burned car in DeSoto County Tuesday.  More >> A Memphis woman was found shot and charred by a burned car in DeSoto County Tuesday.  More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Homeowner holds burglars at gunpoint Homeowner holds burglars at gunpoint Posted: Wednesday, May 3 2017 7:29 AM EDT2017-05-03 11:29:49 GMT Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 7:29 AM EDT2017-05-03 11:29:49 GMT Five people were arrested for attempted burglary when police arrived. More >> Five people were arrested for attempted burglary when police arrived.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Retail Search Search BrexitJ.P. Morgan Plans Post-Brexit Exodus From London to Offices in Europe wealth managementUBS Is Hiring 100 Wealth Management Advisers for Hong Kong’s Millionaires aviationAmerican Airlines Cuts Two Inches of Legroom on Some Seats in New Jets PoliticsCongress Scraps Obama-Era Rule for State Retirement Plans Whole Foods How to Eat Healthier According to Whole Foods’ CEO John Kell May 03, 2017 Whole Foods Market co-founder and CEO John Mackey says learning to eat healthy is a lot like getting into a new gym routine: both require training. Mackey, speaking at Fortune's Brainstorm Health conference in San Diego, said both involve changing well-established patterns. He gave the example of going out for a run or starting a yoga session for the first time. After a single session, your body hurts and you don't want to do it again. Eating healthy requires fighting through similar discomfort. "That's how it is with food. 'I tried kale, I didn't like it,'" said Mackey. "Just like you need to get your body in shape for exercise, you have to get your palate in shape. You have to train it." Mackey went on to say that he estimates it takes 10 to 15 experiences with a new food to train your palate to learn to like it. "I like everything now and it is just because I taught myself to like it. You might as well re-educate yourself to enjoy the healthiest foods in the world." Mackey, a vegan who travels with his own rice cooker, is an executive that loves to talk about healthy food. His appearance at Brainstorm Health comes just after the publication of his new book The Whole Foods Diet: The Lifesaving Plan for Health and Longevity, which was published last month. In that book, he advocates for a diet that leans on whole foods (i.e. no processed foods) and as much plants as possible. That's a similar stance to the famous quote from New York Times author Michael Pollen: " Eat food. Not too much. Mostly plants." Whole Foods now generates nearly $16 billion in revenue annually thanks to Mackey's push to sell healthier foods, including many organic brands, to consumers. But with success comes copycats: many other retailers, including Kroger (kr) and Walmart (wmt), have entrenched into Whole Food's turf and put pressure on prices in the process. At Whole Foods, same-store sales decreased by 2.5% in the most recent year as the retailer admits that consumers have more options for how and where they want to buy their food than ever before. Last month, activist investor Jana Partners disclosed it took a 9% stake in Whole Foods and said it would push for the company to speed up a turnaround plan and consider selling itself. Just a few weeks later, it was reported that privately-held Albertsons was mulling a takeover. Mackey, speaking to Fortune reporter Beth Kowitt at Brainstorm, wouldn't say much about the activism or future plans as Whole Foods is reporting earnings next week and is in a quiet period. He did admit that competition is tough due to all the copycats that Whole Foods is combating, but also pointed out that rivals like Kroger are feeling the squeeze in sales as well. Kowitt asked Mackey to also weigh in on why the United States population continues to face so many health problems, despite the recent push to eat healthier foods. "There's tremendous misinformation about what a health diet is," Mackey responded. As an example, he said that organic potato chips are an item that could be perceived as healthy, but they aren't. A consumer would be better off eating a non-organic real potato rather than processed organic chips. The disconnect, he explained, is tied to our biology. We crave calorie-dense foods because of how humans evolved. For many years, those foods packed with sugar and fat were scarce. Now they aren't, but we still want them. Whole Foods, of course, like all retailers sells a lot of healthy foods—but also some items that aren't so good for us. With 71% of Americans overweight and over a third considered obese, that might send a mixed message considering Mackey's personal plea for Americans to eat healthier. But he points out selling a variety of foods and drinks (including some that aren't healthy) is good business. "My first store, before Whole Foods Market, was called Safer Way," he said. It was vegetarian, sold no alcohol and had no foods with sugar or refined grains. "It was very pure and it didn't do business." After relocating that store and starting to sell coffee, beer, and meats, it was a natural food store that sold exceptionally well. While Mackey would prefer to stick to the healthier stuff, he says customers need to vote out the bad stuff with their dollars. "You may have the highest ideals in the world, you try to educate people...but ultimately you need to sell what people want to buy or you don't have a business," Mackey said. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman A Full-Day Meetup to Focus on a Practical Use of TensorFlow Agenda features sessions on neural networks, reinforcement learning, NLP, and GPUs, along with two panels on ML/AI in finance and manufacturing. SUNNYVALE, Calif., May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- On May 7, Altoros and @WalmartLabs will be hosting a mega meetup in Sunnyvale, CA, dedicated to deep learning with TensorFlow. The technology is an open-source machine intelligence library created by Google in 2015. TensorFlow uses data graphs to represent mathematical operations and the multi-dimensional data arrays (tensors) communicated in between. "The variety, number, and scale of models that large retailers have to handle makes model lifecycle management an important consideration for technology choices at Walmart," said Esteban Arcaute, Head of Data Science, @WalmartLabs. "That's why we are excited to host TensorBeat 2017 and support the deep learning community and TensorFlow users everywhere." The event—entitled as "TensorBeat 2017"—is organized by Altoros, a global cloud-native development company. Amazon's Alexa, CloudMinds, MuleSoft, and @WalmartLabs have been named Premium Sponsors. According to Chandra Khatri, Applied AI Scientist at Amazon, "The Alexa Science and Machine Learning team is thrilled to sponsor this meetup," helping to foster the TensorFlow community. Agenda The announced sessions and speakers: — "Building an Answer Bot in the Cloud" (Avkash Chauhan, H2O) — "Machine Learning on VMware vSphere 6 with NVIDIA GPUs" (Lan Vu and Uday Kurkure, VMware) — "Dive Deeper into Finance with TensorFlow" (Daniel Egloff, QuantAlea) — "Practical Reinforcement Learning with TensorFlow" (Illia Polosukhin, XIX.ai) — "Control Flow Operations in TensorFlow" (Sam Abrahams, Metis) — "TensorFlow Visualization with Guild AI" (Garrett Smith, Guild AI) — "How to Run TensorFlow More Cheaply in the Cloud Using Elastic GPUs" (Subbu Rama, Bitfusion) Two panels will also elaborate on using TensorFlow in finance and manufacturing. "We're excited to support new ways of thinking and innovation across organizations and industries," said Uri Sarid, CTO, MuleSoft. "TensorFlow and MuleSoft make it easier to experiment with deep learning and machine learning." RSVP at www.tensorbeat.com About Premium Sponsors Alexa (www.alexa.com) is an Amazon company. Its goal is to make voice interfaces ubiquitous and as natural as speaking to a human, using many real-world data sources including customer interactions and a variety of techniques like highly scalable deep learning. CloudMinds (www.cloudminds.com) is a developer and operator of cloud robots, providing secure networking and connecting devices to a blockchain-based AI platform. MuleSoft™'s (www.mulesoft.com) mission is to help organizations change and innovate faster by making it easy to connect the world's applications, data, and devices. With its API-led approach to connectivity, MuleSoft's market-leading Anypoint Platform™ is enabling 1,000+ organizations in 60+ countries to build application networks. @WalmartLabs (www.walmartlabs.com) creates products around social and mobile commerce to support Walmart's global strategy of anytime, anywhere access where millions of customers can shop through mobile devices, both online or physically. About the organizer Altoros (www.altoros.com) is a 300+ people strong consultancy that helps Global 2000 organizations with a methodology, technology building blocks, and end-to-end solution development. The company turns cloud-native app development, customer analytics, blockchain, and AI into products with a sustainable competitive advantage. Media Contact: Vlad Leetventchouk 157912@email4pr.com  (650) 265-2266 ext. 503 SOURCE Altoros Americas CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer Software, Computer/ Electronics, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Broadcast Switchers Market Will Reflect Significant Growth Prospects During 2016-24. Next PostNext World Digestive Enzyme Supplements Market 2017-2021: Report with detailed analysis on Key Vendors, Geography, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Shares & Forecast Search Recent Posts Former Miami-Dade Police Detective Sentenced to Prison for Stealing Money from Migrant Workers and Obstructing Justice Madison County Sheriff’s Deputy Arrested and Charged with Crimes Relating to Sexual Exploitation of Minors Gas Station Operator Pleads Guilty in Mississippi to Discharge of Hazardous Pollutant Into City Sewage Treatment System Judge Sentences Three Law Enforcement Officer Defendants in Iberia Parish, Louisiana, Civil Rights Case Building Information Modeling Market: Bim modelling Is Seen As Next Generation Process In Construction Industry RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
newsnet5 Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Live Storm Tracking Radar School Closings and Delays Live Cameras Tornado Safety Severe Weather Alerts Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices Traffic News Consumer + Contests Business Don’t Waste Your Money Consumer Reports Financial Fitness Zone ShopSmart News + Cleveland Metro Local News Akron-Canton Democracy 2016 Ohio Investigative National Health Decode DC Education PolitiFact E-Team Conquering Addiction Steve Stephens Coverage Entertainment + Celebrity Cle Rocks TV Guide The List My Ohio Community Calendar Crossword Sudoku Life + Mark's Garden My Ohio Tech Water Cooler Food & Dining Horoscope Pets Religion Sports + Browns Cavaliers OSU Indians HS Football Student Athlete Video + Live Video Video Vault 5 Live video 2 Best of the Class Right This Minute Photo Gallery Marketplace + Spotlight 5 Ohio Lottery Cleveland Auto News About Us + Staff Seen On 5 Our History Jobs Station Info Contact Us Advertising Blogs Support Current 50 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: 56° LO: 48° HI: 56° LO: 48° HI: 56° LO: 48° More Weather Traffic current alerts 10 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 1 Weather Alert Areal Flood Watch issued May 3 at 9:42PM EDT expiring May 6 at 4:00AM EDT in effect for: Crawford, Erie, Hancock, Huron, Lorain, Lucas, Marion, Ottawa, Sandusky, Seneca, Wood, Wyandot 1 Weather Alert Retailers and law enforcement agencies are warning consumers about gift card scam hitting NE Ohio Tara Molina 5:34 PM, May 3, 2017 5:36 PM, May 3, 2017 Share Article Previous Next Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next CLEVELAND - Gift cards aren't just a convenience for shoppers. They're a scam artist's dream. The Lorain County Sheriff's Department is dealing with a scam like this right now. "They're untraceable. You give it to somebody? Might as well say goodbye to your money," Sgt. Randal Koubeck told News 5. Koubeck said there's a man impersonating a deputy, calling people up and threatening arrest or a fine for missing jury duty. "But they want them to pay in gift cards," he explained. Similar scams have been reported in nearly every county. Scammers impersonating family members, IRS agents and police officers always demanding gift cards as a payment. "They're all trying to get you to immediately provide electronic payment," Sue McConnell with the Better Business Bureau said. Behind billions of dollars lost every year and impacting so many people, stores are taking notice. Target: News 5 found that Target is now training cashiers to watch for this specifically. According to a corporate spokeswoman, they've been able to flag these many times and stop folks from falling victim. They've also added signage near their gift card selection. Walmart: Walmart is doing something similar; they are now limiting the number of cards customers can buy. CVS: Some stores play warnings about these scams through their speaker systems. They reportedly train employees and also limit their sales. Giant Eagle: Cerks, right here in Greater Cleveland, have stepped in and stopped shoppers from spending thousands on gift cards. The grocery store chain has also altered its policies: "Team Members to remain vigilant and work with customers who may be victims of attempted fraudulent activity." Police tell News 5 if you ever get a call or an email that you're questioning, give them a call before you do anything. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Consumer Sports Entertainment Life Video Photo GalleryMarketplaceSupport News 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff Lottery Video Vault 5 Teacher of the Week Contests Community Calendar Academic Challenge Mark's Garden Student Athlete Grit TV 5.2 Laff TV 5.3 Mobile Apps News 5 iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Newsy iPhoneAndroid RokuAmazon Fire TV Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 52° Low 47° High 64° Fayetteville 45° Low 42° High 61° Bentonville 46° Low 42° High 57° See complete forecast Sallisaw Police Searching For Inmate Who Escaped From Work Release Posted 3:57 pm, May 3, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers, Updated at 04:24PM, May 3, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Sallisaw Police Searching For Inmate Who Escaped From Work Release SALLISAW (KFSM) — Sallisaw police are searching for an inmate who escaped on Wednesday (May 3). Austin McCallie escaped after jumping out of a work crew vehicle while on supervised work detail around 11:30 a.m. on Wednesday, according to a press release from the Sallisaw Police Department. Shortly afterward a person called dispatch saying they spotted a man in jail clothing run to a parked vehicle in the Walmart parking lot at the Tire and Lube express, the release states. He drove away heading south on Highway 59. The truck, described as a 2003 Chevrolet extended cab flatbed pickup, is pictured below. McCallie was arrested on April 30 and is facing larceny charges. He was arrested in the same Walmart parking lot, but it was unknown at the time that he had a vehicle on the premises. A warrant has been issued for McCallie for escape, knowingly concealing stolen property and larceny. Anyone with information about McCallie should contact the Sallisaw Police Department. Filed in: Crimestoppers, News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Searchers Find Body Of Missing Madison County Boy Who Was Swept Away In Weekend Flooding Search For Missing Madison County Children Continues As Recovery Effort Two Madison County Children Missing After Vehicle Gets Swept Away During Flash Flooding Latest News 2017 Arkansas Baseball Schedule & Results Siloam Springs Looks to Add to Soccer Dynasty Memorial Ride For Fallen Officers Arrives In Fort Smith End In Sight For Six-Lane Construction On Interstate 49 In Northwest Arkansas City Director Hoping To Redevelop Downtown Fort Smith With New Space News Sallisaw Police Detail Walmart Parking Lot Shooting News Sequoyah County Inmate Escapes Work Duty In City Vehicle, Back In Custody News Sallisaw Police: Oklahoma Man Arrested With 1.5 Pounds Of Meth Crimestoppers News Shooting Leaves One Dead; Fort Smith Police Arrest Suspect News Three Men In Jail Following Fort Smith Club Shooting News Police Identify Driver, Pedestrians In Deadly Accident In Rogers Walmart Parking Lot News Crawford County Man Sentenced To Jail Accused Of Escape News Family, Police Search For Oklahoma Mother Of Three Who Vanished During Lunch Break News Rogers Police Looking For Suspect In Xbox Theft News Three Arrested In Sallisaw Counterfeit Money Ring News Boy Severely Injured, Man Arrested In Fort Smith Hit-And-Run News Inmates Have Been Sneaking In And Out Of Atlanta Prison For Years News Sallisaw Boy Dies After UTV Crash Near Muldrow Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Crime May 3, 2017 4:37 pm Updated: May 3, 2017 5:46 pm ‘I did it’: Police investigating Reddit post describing Ontario woman’s murder By Adam Miller Online Journalist  Global News WATCH: Person claiming to be Ontario murder suspect posts about incident on Reddit. Mark Carcasole reports. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Police say an Ontario man wanted on a Canada-wide second-degree murder warrant in the killing of his girlfriend has fled to the U.S. and they are investigating a Reddit post purporting to show the murder suspect confessing to the crime. Waterloo Regional Police responded to a 911 call at 38 Country Hill Drive around 3 a.m. April 28 in Kitchener, Ont., where they found the body of 22-year-old Melinda Vasilije suffering from multiple stab wounds after a “targeted” attack. Investigators focused their attention on Vasilije’s boyfriend, 24-year-old Ager Hasan of Hamilton, as the lead suspect in her death and said the two had been involved in a relationship for about a year. With the help of Hamilton police, Waterloo officers spoke to associates of Hasan and determined he had fled the area in a black 2016 Honda HR-V with Ontario licence plate BPKT509. Photos posted on Reddit on May 2, 2017 appear to show Melinda Vasilije and Ager Hasan throughout their relationship. Photos posted on Reddit on May 2, 2017 appear to show Melinda Vasilije and Ager Hasan throughout their relationship. Photos posted on Reddit on May 2, 2017 appear to show Melinda Vasilije and Ager Hasan throughout their relationship.Reddit Story continues below Police immediately connected with American law enforcement agencies, the Canada Border Services Agency and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. It was then determined Hasan had crossed the border undetected at around 5:45 a.m. “We believe that Ager Hasan is responsible for the death of Melinda Vasilije and as such there is a Canada-wide warrant issued for his arrest for one count of second-degree murder and three counts of breach of recognizance,” Insp. Mike Haffner said. “The breach of recognizance charges stem from an April 3, 2017 incident at Ms. Vasilije’s residence, where he allegedly committed a break-and-enter and two counts of assault.” Police said that although Vasilije was not a victim of the assault on April 3, it was a “domestic-related incident” and Hasan was arrested that night and later released from custody. He was then restricted from entering Kitchener or having any contact with Vasilije, according to police. READ MORE: ‘Dangerous’ suspect wanted on Canada-wide murder warrant in Ontario kidnapping, stabbing At around 10 a.m. April 28, State Police in Erie County, Pa., said they observed Hasan on surveillance footage in a Walmart parking lot steal a Pennsylvania licence plate and affix it to his car in place of his Ontario plate. “We are continuing to liaise with our U.S. counterparts to locate Mr. Hasan,” Haffner said. “The families involved in this investigation have been very cooperative with Waterloo Regional Police Service, and are encouraging Ager Hasan to turn himself in to a police station.” Haffner added that once Hasan is located and taken into custody, police and the Crown attorney’s office would initiate the extradition process to return Hasan to Ontario to face the charges against him and “provide some closure to the family of Melinda Vasilije.” Looking for Ager Mohsin Hasan, 24, in relation to suspicious death investigation of Kitchener woman, 22. He was last seen in this vehicle. pic.twitter.com/H04kJ2G1n3 — Waterloo Reg. Police (@WRPSToday) April 28, 2017 In a surprising turn of events, an online Reddit post emerged providing what appears to be a detailed description of Vasilije’s death. The post was purported to be written by Hasan. “I understand the early judgements made by society, distancing myself makes it seem like I am trying to escape a crime. I’m not. I’m only trying to give myself some space and fully take in what happened before I turn myself in,” the post read. “The fact is no one is more destroyed than I am. She was more than a girlfriend, a soon to be fiance, she was my everything. What happened that night was nothing but tragic.” The post said the relationship between the suspect and the victim had been the first serious one for them both. It said they had travelled the world together, their families had met and they had been talking seriously about getting married and having children. READ MORE: Man charged with 2nd-degree murder in death of Mississauga woman “Melinda and I got into an argument via text and our relationship ended. I went to her apartment that day, to try and talk,” the post read, appearing to refer to the April 3 domestic incident described by police. “Upon arrival I was confronted by Anna’s brother and her boyfriend. A physical altercation [took] place and the police were involved. At this stage I knew if we were to patch things up it would be rough. We didn’t see each other for a few weeks.” The post said the two began texting again later last month and agreed to see each other and talk, where they made up after they “cuddled, kissed and talked about everything.” “As I’m getting ready to leave she asks me if I had done anything with any other girls while we were on break or anytime we were on break. I told her we needed to be honest and said yes and told her about it,” the post stated. “She started freaking out. Wouldn’t say a word and just kept slapping me with tears in her eyes. Slaps turned into hits. I told her I was sorry but if she didn’t stop I’d do something back. She didn’t stop. I then stupidly pushed her, harder than I expected. She fell against the sink.” The author of the post claimed it was the “first time” they had ever done something physically “violent” to the victim, adding he had apologized but she then told him to leave. “I began saying sorry even more and asked if I could get a hug. She was still crying. I go up to her to try and give her a hug, almost out no where she grabs a knife by the sink. Initially I thought was just going to hold it to try and tell me to leave. She doesn’t. She comes at me in full force, aiming towards my face,” the post read. “I tell her to stop. She doesn’t, I tried grabbing the knife but ended up cutting my hands. After a few cuts I lost it. I freaked out, I was scared and in a state of shock. Never in a hundred years did I think she would use a knife against me. Out of shock and fear I grab one. I hit her with it, almost blindly. A few times. I didn’t know what happened. I was confused, shocked and scared.” The poster said they didn’t intend for the incident to happen and left thinking “she just passed out.” READ MORE: Suspect arrested in Kitchener homicide “Then I looked at the blood, and started freaking out and just ran. I didn’t [know] for sure she had died until the next day,” he said. “I honestly had no intentions of ever doing that to her, I was protecting myself.” The poster referred to always keeping a passport in his car and claims to have driven directly to the U.S. to “get away for a few days before turning myself in or killing myself.” “I’m in the United States with $200, no clean clothes, nothing. I didn’t intend on any of it,” the post read. “It was out of fear and protecting myself alongside shock. I’m sorry, to everyone. Especially Melinda’s family. I know it will not will be accepted but know I didn’t mean anything bad to happened that night when I went there. Rest in peace my beautiful. I hope you forgive me in the after life.” The post also included screenshots of a text message conversation purported to be between the two and photos of them as a couple. Waterloo Regional Police said in a statement they are aware of the Reddit post and it is currently “being evaluated by investigators.” “That said, information like this is potential evidence and, as such, needs to be authenticated and verified,” spokeswoman Cherri Greeno said in an emailed statement. “We don’t want to jeopardize that process and cannot comment any further on evidence. We would continue to encourage Mr. Hasan to turn himself in to U.S. authorities.” READ MORE: Kitchener man charged with 1st-degree murder in death of woman found in river Police have not formally connected the Reddit post to the investigation into Vasilije’s death and Global News has not been able to verify the authenticity of the post. Authorities in the U.S. have not reported any sightings of Hasan since April 28 at 10 a.m., when he is alleged to have changed the licence plate on his car in the Walmart parking lot. The investigation continues and police said numerous individuals have been interviewed, canvasses completed and the collection of evidence has ended at Vasilije’s apartment. Anyone with information is asked to contact police at 519-653-7700 ext. 8666 or Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477). With files from Mark Carcasole Read the full Reddit post: Read the alleged text conversation: © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Ager Hasan Canada Border Services Agency Canada-Wide Warrant CBSA Crime Department Of Homeland Security Homicide Kitchener Crime Kitchener Homicide Melinda Vasilije Murder Warrant Ontario crime Ontario Homicide Reddit Second Degree Murder Walmart Waterloo Regional Police Editor's Picks Lifestyle The couples who found love on an app destined for casual hook-ups Canada Marijuana will be legal, but for many activists the fight isn't over Canada Why Canada wins, but many Torontonians lose, from Ontario's new housing measures Canada Inside Canada's flexible work economy. Who's the real winner here? Canada Analysis: Canada’s Charter remains a flawed document that no politician dares try to fix Canada Could you handle a 33 per cent interest-rate hike on your debt? If not, start paying it off now Canada Analysis: On the eve of Malala visit, it’s clear we could use more feminist prime ministers FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Comments closed. Due to the sensitive and/or legal subject matter of some of the content on globalnews.ca, we reserve the ability to disable comments from time to time. Please see our Commenting Policy for more. Popular Now 7 bounty hunters face murder charges after shooting at wrong car 21833 Belize police detain two suspects in death of Francesca Matus, Drew DeVoursney: reports 5512 Here are the Canadians most likely to get a tax audit this year 5073 'I did it': Police investigating Reddit post describing Ontario woman's murder 3600 Alec Baldwin calls Donald Trump 'head writer at 'SNL'' 3363 Sponsored content Popular Videos Parents of children rescued from overturned car in Texas flood meet with strangers who saved their lives WATCH NOW Erin Moran, ‘Happy Days’ star, dies at 56 WATCH NOW Bystanders pull infant from overturned car as floodwaters rise in Texas WATCH NOW Alec Baldwin back as Donald Trump in ‘SNL’ to ‘junk’ tough questions at town hall WATCH NOW Missing Canadian woman and boyfriend found dead in Belize: reports WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Logo News Local Miami-Dade Broward Florida US & World Politics Help Me Howard Hope and Healing Investigations Special Reports The LoweDown Weather Your Forecast Watches and Warnings Video Forecast Forecast Models Forecast Cone Surviving a Storm Weather Photos Sports All Sports Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers Miami Hurricanes Florida Gators Florida State Seminoles Entertainment Entertainment Belkys’ Bite Blog Bite with Belkys Deco Drive Shireen’s Favorite Things … TV Listings Career Opportunities 7News Team Watch 7News Live Links Mentioned On Air Search Search for: Live News ° Menu News Local Miami-Dade Broward Florida US & World Politics Help Me Howard Hope and Healing Investigations Special Reports The LoweDown Weather Your Forecast Watches and Warnings Video Forecast Forecast Models Forecast Cone Surviving a Storm Weather Photos Sports All Sports Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers Miami Hurricanes Florida Gators Florida State Seminoles Entertainment Entertainment Belkys’ Bite Blog Bite with Belkys Deco Drive Shireen’s Favorite Things … TV Listings Career Opportunities 7News Team Watch 7News Live Links Mentioned On Air Search for: Share Share: May 3, 2017 Woman discovers note from ‘Chinese prisoner’ in purse bought at Walmart Photo: Fox News Cherine Eurich A woman in Arizona made a stunning discovery when she opened the zipper pocket in her new purse she had just purchased at Walmart: a note supposedly written by a Chinese prisoner. Fox News reports that Laura Wallace asked someone who spoke Mandarin to translate the note for her. She said she had two others translate the note as well to ensure accuracy. The note read: “Inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China are working 14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn’t finish his work will be beaten. Their meals are without oil and salt. Every month, the boss pays the inmate 2000 yuan, any additional dishes will be finished by the police. If the inmates are sick and need medicine, the cost will be deducted from the salary. Prison in China is unlike prison in America, horse cow goat pig dog (literally, means inhumane treatment).” Wallace said she wanted to share the note to bring awareness. “I don’t want this to be an attack on any store,” Wallace said. “That’s not the answer. This is happening at all kinds of places and people just probably don’t know.” Walmart issued a statement, saying, “We can’t comment specifically on this note, because we have no way to verify the origin of the letter, but one of our requirements for the suppliers who supply products for sale at Walmart is all work should be voluntary as indicated in our Standards for Suppliers.” According to Fox News, similar notes have turned up in items sold at other stores in the past, including K-Mart and Saks Fifth Avenue. Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending Dangerously convincing Google Docs phishing scam hits the internet Facebook to hire 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide Workers’ comp fraud caught on camera Disney officially bans marijuana from its theme parks Formerly homeless FIU student overcomes odds, earns degree Woman beats home invasion suspect with baseball bat AP Sources: Justice will not charge Baton Rouge officers Daily news to your inbox Search for: See a sample newsletter Comments blog comments powered by Disqus Trending Dangerously convincing Google Docs phishing scam hits the internet Facebook to hire 3,000 to review videos of crime and suicide Workers’ comp fraud caught on camera Disney officially bans marijuana from its theme parks Formerly homeless FIU student overcomes odds, earns degree Woman beats home invasion suspect with baseball bat AP Sources: Justice will not charge Baton Rouge officers This Week's Circulars Logo Search for: Join us: WSVN-TVSunbeam Television Corp 1401 79th Street Causeway Miami, FL 33141 Switchboard: (305) 751-6692 Newsroom: (305) 795-2777 PRIVACY POLICY TERMS OF SERVICES TV LISTINGS CONTACT US JOB OPENINGS INTERNSHIPS ADVERTISE WITH US WSVN FCC PUBLIC FILE EEO PUBLIC FILE REPORT CHILDRENS PROGRAMMING All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WSVN-TV. All Rights Reserved. WSVN broadcast educational and informational programming for children, and file quarterly reports with the FCC detailing the station's outreach to children. The public may view the reports by going to www.WSVN.com and clicking on "FCC Public File," or by visiting the FCC's website at FCC.org. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Smart & Final posts Q1 loss; comps fall by 2.5% May 03, 2017 Fox Bros. transfers stake to employees May 02, 2017 Food Lion revamps rolling to Richmond May 02, 2017 Publix sales, comps drop in Q1 May 02, 2017 Doughnut flavors transform beyond simply glazed May 01, 2017 Featured Amazon beats Street estimates in Q1 Apr 28, 2017 Enlightening news from the cows Apr 28, 2017 Senior staff set for Ahold Delhaize brands Apr 28, 2017 Lidl confirms Ohio in future growth plans Apr 27, 2017 Viewpoints brought to you by Thampapon/iStock/Thinkstock News>Online Retail Viewpoint: Embrace the workforce change brought about by e-commerce Contributing writer suggests digital disruption could be the just the thing your organizational structure needs Jose Tamez | May 03, 2017 Change almost always starts on the fringes. Whether seen as real or imaginative, executives and boards feel compelled to act rather than to stay still. New market entries and new markets being created or permeating (e-commerce/home delivery) usually spawn dynamism in an industry. Retail grocery is becoming more dynamic, and organization charts will be pressed to follow suit along with the workforce.  Historically, consumer markets have generally moved faster than the company structures that serve them. Today, as a result of the happenings at Amazon, Wal-Mart Stores and Lidl, many companies are being forced to re-evaluate their strategy for the future. In this re-evaluation, a proper examination of the organization and its talent and workforce is one of the first orders of business. Walmart has publicly, but semi covertly, done so by announcing layoffs at headquarters. A bit of purging of legacy models you might say. Others have followed suit. And yet Walmart, like others, is still hiring in great numbers. What to make of all of this? E-commerce has perfected the customer-centric business model. It is absorbed with how to make things easier for the customer. The grocery industry has, by and large, remained a static environment. With this at hand, I predict the talent that will be pervasive in retail grocery in 10 years will look like the e-commerce talent of today. First, a precursor to the change in talent will be a change in the demands of a function. We’re in a skills-based and knowledge-based economy, and supermarkets are starting to find this out. Optimization, process improvement, speed and efficiency are at the core of successful online businesses. With online infiltrating over to brick-and-mortar sales it’s a mismatch in areas such as supply chain, inventory management, trend identification, competitive pricing analysis, etc.; for example, the ability to automate 99% of pricing decisions, not only offers a real-time advantage, but it also eliminates hours and hours of manual work per week. Also, in the buying function you have many at Amazon who, prior to joining the company, came out of traditional brick and mortar. One way the talent will look different is you will see a migration of these types return to brick and mortar as they become coveted for their skills and knowledge. Some other workforce changes on the horizon: • The use and mastery of algorithms is a key tool of the buyer in successful online companies, a skill that is not as prevalent in brick and mortar; • Online companies become so absorbed in solving problems that they do a poor job in developing their people, while asking them to work at a heart-racing pace; and • As a result of the aforementioned, people can be easily recruited from places like Amazon, barring an accruement of stock that makes it financially difficult to leave. Building ground-up big boxes is falling out of favor in the market. Sure there are fill-in stores to be built. However, few big box retailers in any segment have massive rollout plans. And those that did are cutting back. In my mind this is a good thing for many reasons, some of them are obvious. Not so obvious is that it gives retailers a chance to recalibrate, realign and retool. Capital that was earmarked for new stores can now be allocated for various internal uses.  Modernizing organization charts and recognizing the type of talent needed to carry the company into the future finally has its moment. Will it be seized? If you’re a champion or advocate of this, it reminds me of one of my favorite sayings, “…time is not your friend, but timing could be.” Jose Tamez is managing general partner at Austin-Michael Executive Search, Golden, Colo. His practice includes a wide variety of retail, wholesale and branding companies including venture-backed concerns.   TAGS: Consumer Trends 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Amazon beats Street estimates in Q1Apr 28, 2017 Peapod inks partnership with meal planning toolApr 20, 2017 Smoke, but no fire, in Amazon speculation, sources sayApr 19, 2017 Viewpoint: Grocery retailers need digital to differentiateApr 17, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to main content Home About Contact Tips Subscribe Whistleblowers Awards Donate Jobs Membership A Pulitzer Prize-winning, non-profit, non-partisan news organization dedicated to covering climate change, energy and the environment. Menu News Investigations Exxon: The Road Not Taken The Dilbit Disaster Big Oil + Bad Air Clean Break Bloomberg's Hidden Legacy Keystone & Beyond Meltdown: Terror at the Top of the World Topics Today's Climate Clean Economy Documents Infographics Home About Contact Tips Subscribe Whistleblowers Awards Donate Jobs Membership Hot Topics: Donald Trump Cook Inlet Gas Leak Exxon Climate Investigation Scott Pruitt EPA Rex Tillerson Dakota Pipeline Home U.S. Wind Energy Installations Surge: A New Turbine Rises Every 2.4 Hours The wind power industry just chalked up its strongest first quarter in eight years. Tax credits play an important role. Phil McKenna By Phil McKenna Follow @mckennapr May 3, 2017 The wind energy industry supports more than 100,000 jobs, and the past three months have kept workers busy with installations, according to AWEA. Credit: U.S. Department of Energy Every two and a half hours, workers installed a new wind turbine in the United States during the first quarter of 2017, marking the strongest start for the wind industry in eight years, according to a new report by the American Wind Energy Association (AWEA) released on May 2. "We switched on more megawatts in the first quarter than in the first three quarters of last year combined," Tom Kiernan, CEO of AWEA, said in a statement. Nationwide, wind provided 5.6 percent of all electricity produced in 2016, an amount of electricity generation that has more than doubled since 2010. Much of the demand for new wind energy generation in recent years has come from Fortune 500 companies including Home Depot, GM, Walmart and Microsoft that are buying wind energy in large part for its low, stable cost. The significant increase this past quarter, when 908 new utility-scale turbines came online, is largely a result of the first wave of projects under the renewable energy tax credits that were extended by Congress in 2015, as well as some overflow from the prior round of tax credits. The tax credits' gradual phase-out over a period of five years incentivized developers to begin construction in 2016, and those projects are now beginning to come online. A recent AWEA-funded report projects continued steady growth for the wind energy industry through 2020. Energy analysts, however, say that growth could slow after 2020 as the federal Production Tax Credit (PTC) expires. "We are in a PTC bubble now between 2017 and 2020," said Alex Morgan, a wind energy analyst with Bloomberg New Energy Finance, which recently forecast wind energy developments in the U.S. through 2030. "Our build is really front-loaded in those first four years. We expect that wind drops off in early 2020s to mid-2020s, and then we expect it to come back up in the late 2020s. A key driver in the early 2020s will be renewable portfolio standards in states like New York and California, which have both mandated that local utilities get 50 percent of their electricity from renewable sources by 2030. By the mid-2020s, the cost of unsubsidized onshore wind will be low enough to compete with both existing and new fossil-fueled generation in many regions of the U.S., Morgan said. The 2,000 megawatts of new wind capacity added in the first quarter of 2017 is equivalent to the capacity of nearly three average size coal-fired power plants. However, because wind power is intermittent—turbines don't produce electricity when there is no wind—wind turbines don't come as close to reaching their full capacity of electricity generation as coal fired power plants do.  The report shows that Texas continues as the overall national leader for wind power capacity, with 21,000 MW of total installed capacity, three times more than Iowa, the second leading state for wind power installations. Over 99 percent of wind farms are built in rural communities; together, the installations pay over $245 million per year in lease agreements with local landowners, according to AWEA.  The new installation figures also translate to continued job growth in America's wind power supply chain, which includes 500 factories and over 100,000 jobs, according to AWEA. Published Under: Clean Energy Wind Energy American Wind Energy Association renewable energy Climate Change Email this page Printer-friendly version About the Author Phil McKenna Phil McKenna is a Boston-based reporter for InsideClimate News. Before joining ICN in 2016, he was a freelance writer covering energy and the environment for publications including The New York Times, Smithsonian, Audubon and WIRED. Uprising, a story he wrote about gas leaks under U.S. cities, won the AAAS Kavli Science Journalism Award and the 2014 NASW Science in Society Award. Phil has a master's degree in science writing from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and was an Environmental Journalism Fellow at Middlebury College. Subscribe to InsideClimate News Please subscribe me to the following mailing lists Clean Economy Wire Today's Climate ICN Articles Weekly Newsletter Most Popular Pruitt Pulls Out of GOP Fundraiser After Ethics Complaint By Marianne Lavelle America's First Offshore Wind Energy Makes Landfall in Rhode Island By Phil McKenna Huge Climate March Crowds Protest Trump's Anti-Environment Actions By John H. Cushman Jr. Trump Moves to Lift Arctic Offshore Drilling Ban, but It Might Not Be So Easy By Sabrina Shankman Extreme Arctic Melt Is Raising Sea Level Rise Threat; New Estimate Nearly Twice IPCC's By Sabrina Shankman Our Sponsors View all sponsors Follow facebook.com/insideclimatenews twitter.com/insideclimate Species on the Move Blacklegged Tick Warmer temperatures and shorter winters mean more blacklegged ticks and more Lyme disease. Ticks love climate change. Related The Surprising List of States Leading U.S. on Renewable Energy By Zahra Hirji America's Wind Energy Boom May Finally Be Coming to the Southeast By Lyndsey Gilpin In Corporate March to Clean Energy, Utilities Not Required By Jan Ellen Spiegel Want More Stories Like This One? Contribute To Our StaffDonate Now More Clean Energy America's First Offshore Wind Energy Makes Landfall in Rhode Island By Phil McKenna The Surprising List of States Leading U.S. on Renewable Energy By Zahra Hirji America's Wind Energy Boom May Finally Be Coming to the Southeast By Lyndsey Gilpin More on Clean Energy Subscribe to InsideClimate News Email Newsletters Articles & Investigations Today's Climate Clean Economy Week in Review Subscribe More From The Author U.S. Wind Energy Installations Surge: A New Turbine Rises Every 2.4 Hours By Phil McKenna America's First Offshore Wind Energy Makes Landfall in Rhode Island By Phil McKenna Educators Decry Conservative Group's Climate 'Propaganda' Sent to Schoolteachers By Phil McKenna More by Phil McKenna Whistleblowers Jobs & Freelance Policies & Legal Our E-Books Keep Environmental Journalism Alive Donate Now News Investigations Topics Today's Climate Clean Economy Documents Infographics Facebook Twitter RSS
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Canada's Largest Grocer Is Planning for Prolonged Food Deflation by Sandrine Rastello @srastello More stories by Sandrine Rastello May 3, 2017, 2:22 PM EDT Loblaw sees a price war delaying any return to inflation Company uses data to target discounts in bid to bolster sales A Loblaws store in Toronto. Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg There’s no end in sight for Canadian food deflation, according to the country’s largest grocer. Loblaw Cos. is fighting a price war with Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Metro Inc. and other rivals, offering discounts to lure more customers and keep revenue growing. That means there may be little prospect of a pick up in prices that have been dropping since the end of last year, with competition becoming a full-on deflation factor. “While we expect deflation to moderate in the coming quarters, we see no signs of the competitive intensity easing,” Loblaw Chief Executive Officer Galen Weston told analysts on an earnings call Wednesday. “As a result, we do not expect inflation to turn positive in 2017.” The promotional pressure, which Metro also mentioned last month, is forcing grocers to contain costs and fine-tune discounts to preserve earnings. It’s pushing Canada into a U.S.-like scenario of prolonged deflation that weighed on companies such as Kroger Co., which in the fourth-quarter posted negative same-store sales -- excluding fuel -- for the first time in more than a decade. “It’s a very similar thing that’s happening in Canada now that has been going on in the U.S.,” said Jennifer Bartashus, a retail analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. Weston’s comments indicate “it’s less about the actual underlying commodity prices and more about the competitive environment,” she said. Loblaw reported profit of 90 Canadian cents (65.6 cents) per share Wednesday for the quarter ended March 25, beating consensus estimates as sales at its drugstores and constrained spending helped soften the blow of lower food revenue. Canada’s largest grocer said it will keep focusing on boosting volume to make up for falling prices. Shares fell 0.9 percent at 1:30 p.m. in Toronto. Statistics Canada’s price index of food sold in stores has been declining, on a year-over-year basis, for at least six months. Part of the reason is that a weaker Canadian dollar last year had pushed import prices of staple groceries up. That effect should wane later this year and prices should begin to tick up -- except Weston expects competition will offset part of that trend. He said Loblaw is going to rely increasingly on customer data to target the right discounts. “The companies that are able to be very refined in how they respond to the deflationary and competitive environment are more likely to maintain their share or even gain share than some of their competitors,” Bartashus said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read JPMorgan to Move Hundreds of Staff to Three EU Offices on Brexit Is This the Most Valuable Car in the World? The Inside Story of How Fyre Festival Went Up in Flames Fed Keeps Rates on Hold as Slowdown in Growth Seen Temporary Most U.S. Homes Are Worth Less Than Before the Crash Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian East Bay Times Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Nation & World Crime & Courts Politics Environment & Science Education Health Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area Oakland Alameda County Contra Costa County East Contra Costa West Contra Costa Central Contra Costa Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports Other Sports Sports Scoreboard High School Scores Sports Blogs Sports Columnists Sports Buzz Business Business Personal Technology Economy Real Estate Retail SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Puzzles and Games Horoscopes Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Local retail’s future? Service, clustering and… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: ‘Survivor’ recap: Blindsides Schaaf halts soda tax plan Draymond on racial taunts Starbucks’ new drink Express lanes ‘not working’? McDonald’s ‘Frork’ Community News Local retail’s future? Service, clustering and Internet-proofing Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Theater Square in downtown Orinda By Lou Fancher | Correspondent PUBLISHED: May 3, 2017 at 12:00 pm | UPDATED: May 3, 2017 at 12:02 pm ORINDA — If transportation and experiential shopping are twin engines behind future retail in Lamorinda, then Lafayette is a driver, Orinda is uncertain which train to take and Moraga is missing the bus — or more accurately, saying, “No thanks, we’ll stay put.” This was the takeaway from the second Lamorinda Business Forum on April 25, at which a panel of experts, city officials and business people convened to shed light on “The Future of Retail” in the area. Panelists included Steve Falk, Lafayette’s city manager; Irene Chen, founder and owner of Parker Thatch, a handbags and accessories retailer with online and bricks-and-mortar presence; Tomas Gomez-Arias, a professor with Saint Mary’s College’s graduate business program; Steve Salomon, Orinda’s city manager; and Larry Tessler, a longtime retail specialist. Seeking to identify how internet shopping, fluid downtown development and elusive consumer trends impact retail in Lamorinda’s three communities, Orinda Chamber of Commerce President Sophie Braccini presented the panelists with a point-blank challenge: “Worldwide, the issue is about the future of retail,” she said. “Downtowns are being deserted because of online business. What are we going to do?” The panelists agreed that the speed of technological change is a disruptive element. Technology isn’t just the Internet; it’s new supply chains and inventory practices related to distribution — think drones, less stock on site, smaller store footprints, greater need for offsite storage and other modern developments. It’s also new transportation, with e-vehicles and bikes becoming role players. “I hear almost daily about trouble getting to and parking downtown,” Falk said. Salomon predicted that the use of 2- and 3-wheeler vehicles with large carriers for groceries and other goods, like the kind he said are common in some cities in Europe, will increase dramatically. Other changes Salomon noted are big-box stores like Walmart that are buying e-commerce competitors or small, limited-stock-on-hand stores in an effort to stay vibrant. “They’re buying a (clothing) company that has only one sample of each item; a new model. You order and they mail it to you. Why? In 2017 through April, there have been 2,880 retail closings. Projections by year end are that it will be more than in 2008, during the peak of the recession,” he said. But large discount bricks and mortar retail, he said would survive because consumers’ price-consciousness has not lessened with the onset of online retail. Chen said novelty draws consumers to downtowns. “How do you get people into the stores?” she asked. “The main thing is coming in for a lifestyle: something you can’t get online.” Personalized products like the monogrammed bags she sells, finger and toenail shops — “You still can’t get your toenails painted online,” quipped Falk — and corner hardware and grocery stores Chen said would create “stickiness” that keeps a customer in a downtown area for hours. Knowing the niche — Diablo Foods was mentioned numerous times as a model for its unique goods and exceptional customer service — is essential to the new face of retail. Small, individually-owned, nimble businesses with locally produced goods are most likely to thrive. “The best people to start up small businesses are women, because they keep asking questions. Men stop asking. You cannot stop learning,” said Tessler. Finding solutions is always more difficult than identifying the problems, but the panelists had ideas. Chen uses Facebook Live and other social media to interact in real time with online customers. Every face-to-face interaction is an opportunity to notice details that might cause a customer to return; invitations from larger retailers or shopping centers to appear as a pop-up store provide access to new markets. Curated, custom mailing lists and newsletters with video content are must-haves, according to Tessler. Falk said a welcoming, clean downtown area with clusters of Internet-proof businesses like coffee shops, salons and restaurants is essential. Battery-powered bikes, he said, are “the real deal,” and Lafayette is working on a plan to put in a bicycle garage near the BART station that will have valet parking. “You’ll swing up, hop off, and get on BART,” he said. Salomon partially shifted the burden for attracting consumers off of business owners and onto residents and cities. “It’s up to the community and city councils to have vision and stability and a desire to move forward progressively.” He noted that Orinda hasn’t had a new non-residential building in 30 years and said that fact represents missed opportunity. Moraga Chamber of Commerce President Wendy Scheck said Moraga’s two separated commercial areas and stasis dealing with local property owners were ongoing frustrations. Asked for advice, Lafayette Chamber of Commerce President Jay Lifson said, “The best way to change Moraga is to develop things for the students. It will be really cool.” Tags:  Retail Lou Fancher Lou Fancher is a freelance writer. Contact her at lou@johnsonandfancher.com. Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular High school honor student killed by train in San Lorenzo Report: College trustee Nejedly used alcohol, cocaine, opiates before he died Suspected guns-for-weed deals net Merritt College basketball player Kawakami: Jed York’s ridiculous invitation to Jim Harbaugh Mt. Diablo district vs. breakaway parents: Image problem at heart of issue Oakland police hold 21st memorial for fallen officers Message to Walnut Creek murder victim’s son: ‘I killed her’ Housing project will worsen traffic in Alameda, official says More in Community News Critter Corner: How to teach a dog to ‘Leave it’ May 03, 2017, 10:45 pm Dear Miss Behavin’: A few weeks ago you mentioned teaching a dog “Leave it” as a way to help two dogs that are possessive over food. How would you go about teaching a dog the “Leave it” command?   Reply: “Leave it” is a very useful thing to teach your dog. The command basically means that your dog should immediately... Palo Alto: Secondary schools may get new mental health provider May 03, 2017, 9:23 pm Counseling and Support Services for Youth, which serves eight of 12 elementary schools in Palo Alto Unified School District, is the service provider being recommended to the school board. Menlo-Atherton Big Bear Run set for Sunday morning May 03, 2017, 5:20 pm The annual Menlo-Atherton High School Big Bear Run is slated for Sunday, starting at the school’s gym lot on Ringwood Avenue. Runners can check in Friday, from 2:30 to 6 p.m. in the gym lot, or on race day beginning at 7:30 a.m. The 5K race itself starts at 9 a.m., and will travel from Ringwood Avenue to Fredrick Avenue... Pints for Pups fundraiser expands after howling success May 03, 2017, 5:18 pm After selling out the first two years, organizers of the third annual Pints for Pups are expanding the fundraiser for local animal rescue groups in several respects. Pints for Pups, the brainchild of Facebook group Southbay Beer Hounds and ceramic supply store Clay Planet, initially benefited Silicon Valley Pet Project, which fosters and helps adopt out dogs and cats from the... Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps All Access Subscriptions Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Archive Search Reprints Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notes © 2017 Digital First Media Sitemap Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Good Question: Could humans fly if we had wings? Good Question 0  Updated at 12:24 pm, May 3rd, 2017 By: Robert Patten, EastIdahoNews.com columnist Share This Story We Matched ‘The Fall of Icarus’ by Jacob Peter Gowy Most of us are a little jealous of birds. We’ve wanted to be like our avian friends for a long time, as evidenced by the story of Icarus and Leonardo da Vinci’s sketches of birds and his flying machine ideas. Yes, today we can fly — but not by flapping our arms. But with all our knowledge and technology, why can’t we buy a pair of wings at our local Walmart — or even grow them ourselves? I would love to get rid of my car and zip through the air! (And for lunch, I’d go to a restaurant with a drive-thru on the roof.) Sadly, science is against this dream. According an article in Yale Scientific, “it is mathematically impossible for humans to fly like birds.” For one, the wings — both span and strength — are in balance with a bird’s body size. Plus, birds have mostly hollow bones (mostly hollow because they are strengthened with crisscrossing struts) that reduce their mass and provide air pockets to give them more oxygen when flying. It’s not because we’re too big. We’re too weak. Animals much bigger than humans have taken to the skies, such as the quetzalcoatlus, a humongous pterosaur. Comparison of a human to two varieties of quetzalcoatlus. | Courtesy Matt Martyniuk, Mark Witton and Darren Naish, Wikimedia “Calculations of the ratio between human size and strength reveal that our species will never be able to take flight unaided,” the Yale Scientific article states. “As an organism grows, its weight increases at a faster rate than its strength. Thus, an average adult male human would need a wingspan of at least 6.7 meters to fly. This calculation does not even take into account that these wings themselves would be too heavy to function.” In other words, we would need bigger wings. But bigger wings would mean more mass, which would mean we’d need even bigger wings and … you get the picture. We’d be chasing our tails to make wings. Giving humans working wings wouldn’t just mean extra or transformed appendages — we’d have to redesign the human body from the ground up. But that doesn’t stop people from hoping. Take a look at this guy, who took the internet by storm in 2012. What a thrilling video! The dreams of millions were realized in a few seconds! It was a hoax. Check out Snopes’ explanation, and click here to learn why it’s so hard to build a human-powered winged aircraft. But what if we could have wings for, you know, decoration? I’m not talking about the cardboard wings little kids wear in Nativity plays. I mean flesh-and-blood wings. It would be so … angelic! Dr. Joe Rosen, a plastic surgeon at Dartmouth Medical School, says human wings are possible. “If I were to give you wings, you would develop, literally, a winged brain. Our bodies change our brains, and our brains are infinitely moldable,” Rosen is quoted as saying in the Guardian in 2002. “Surgical techniques already in existence can be used to stretch torso fat and rejig rib bones to create a wing. Although no human would be able to fly, they would resemble angels and have full sensation in their new hanging, boned flaps of flesh,” according to the article. Most of us, though, will have to be content with these wings: Stock photo NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP Robert Patten Visit Stories Stories You May Be Interested In: Don’t fall for new Google Docs phishing scheme 3 May 2017 Carter Williams, KSL.com Good Question: Could humans fly if we had wings? 3 May 2017 Robert Patten, EastIdahoNews.com columnist New robotic drill performs skull surgery 50 times faster 1 May 2017 Kaya Yurieff, CNN Good Question: Could humans fly if we had wings? 3 May 2017 Images in the news Related Stories   WATCH: Plane crashes next to a busy street, sending giant fireballs in the sky Wyoming bus driver arrested on DUI charges D93 proposes elementary, high school boundary changes Police lay out what’s next in the search for Angie Dodge’s suspected killer Don’t fall for new Google Docs phishing scheme Couple accused of running sex trafficking ring out of Utah home Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest 7 bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder Seven bounty hunters who descended on the wrong car outside a Wal-Mart have been indicted on first-degree murder charges Post to Facebook 7 bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder Seven bounty hunters who descended on the wrong car outside a Wal-Mart have been indicted on first-degree murder charges  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2qzxrMm {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs 7 bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder Sheila Burke, Associated Press 1:46 p.m. ET May 3, 2017 1 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Nashville, Tenn. — Seven bounty hunters who descended on the wrong car outside a Wal-Mart have been indicted on first-degree murder charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another, Tennessee police announced Wednesday. The charges come after a chaotic scene in Clarksville on April 23, where police said the bounty hunters shot at the four people in the sedan and chased them for seven miles. Not one of the men in the sedan was wanted on outstanding charges. In fact, the Clarksville bounty hunters were looking for someone else, and there is no indication that any of the victims fired at the defendants or were even armed, police spokesman Jim Knoll said in an email. Bail bondsmen are empowered to hire or act as bounty hunters to bring in people who violate the terms of jail bonds, but they can’t use deadly force unless it’s self-defense. Killed was 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three from Clarksville. His family called him an innocent man who died in an act of terrorizing violence. The Montgomery County grand jury charged all seven men with first-degree felony murder, three counts of attempted second-degree murder, three counts of especially aggravated kidnapping, attempted especially aggravated kidnapping, four counts of aggravated assault, employing a firearm in commission of a dangerous felony and felony reckless endangerment, police said. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2qzxrMm TOP VIDEOS Dog owner talks about maulings 1:30 Lyft driver shot at after kicking out passengers 2:17 St. Charles Residence to bring new condos to Islandview neighborhood 1:21 Raw video: Shuttered Detroit animal center demolished 1:37 Century Partners invest in Detroit 3:46 Bus driver shot after ejecting DDOT bus passenger 0:12 Surveillance footage of Walgreens break-in 0:10 Surveillance video of Huron Room break-in suspects 0:09 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Shipping container condos come to Detroit 1:21
Front Page About GNS Business/Industry Communities Education Entertainment Links Directory Maritime Medicine & Science Opinion/Forum Public Safety Transportation Weather Associates Media Kit Bay Area Houston Brazoria County Chambers County Fort Bend County Galveston County Harris County Jefferson County Liberty County Montgomery County Orange County State of Alabama State of Florida State of Louisiana State of Texas State of Mississippi Washington D.C. Higher Education Elementary and Primary Education Forum Jim Guidry Commentaries Harris County Houston City Council by Garrett Bryce Wednesday, May 03, 2017 Houston City Council today voted 9-8, after lengthy debate, to award a $157,800 contract to L&T Health Systems, LLC for the purchase of health station kiosks for the Human Resources Department. Council members Steve Le, Michael Kubosh, Brenda Stardig, Greg Travis, Mike Knox, Robert Gallegos, Jack Christie and Dave Martin opposed the item, which had been tagged by Kubosh at the previous city council meeting. Le opened discussions on the item, noting his opposition to the item. Listen (49:00) “I don't think this a good use of our dollars,” Le said, noting that his practice utilizes equipment at less of a cost to check seven health factors, while the kiosks will only check weight and blood pressure. “We can get practically $60, on a blood pressure machine at Walgreens, and $20 on a scale at Wal-Mart, a total of $80 versus $8,000.” Knox agreed with Le and noted the budgetary issues for the city. “I think this is more of a want more than a need right now,” Knox said. Kubosh moved to delay the item for two weeks for further review, but later withdrew the motion. Mayor Sylvester Turner noted that the purchase would not be paid for through tax dollars, but through the Wellness Fund, which gets revenues through fees charged to employees who do not participate in the city's health assessment program. Turner also noted that the contract was sent out for bids, and that the city already uses similar kiosks. “This is not a new concept and these are not new stations,” Turner said. Mayor Pro Tem Ellen Cohen said that looking at machines to provide more information, which a higher bid offered, was looking at “sacrificing the good for the perfect.” “The kiosk does give some information that might alert someone that they may be facing a problem, and I think that's worth,” Cohen said. The city council voted unanimously to confirm the appointment of several members and reappoint of one member to the Airport Board of Adjustment. Johnny R. Gant, Thomas L. Seymour, Lee Allen Krause, Julius B. Johnson, Ann M. Collum, and Tracy D. Whitehead, II were appointed to the board. John L. Martinec was reappointed to the board and will serve as chair. Council members delayed three items for one week through use of the tag rule: A recommendation to approve a final contract amount of $2,454,772 and accept work from DCE Construction, Inc. for the South Post Oak Paving and Drainage Project was tagged by Council Member Larry Green Approval of spending authority for sole source purchase, in an amount not to exceed $1,498,602, from Avolve Software Corporation for named enhanced support for Public Works & Engineering was tagged by Council Member Dave Martin An ordinance appropriating $5,502,000 from the Houston Airport System Consolidated ITRP AMT Construction Fund and approving a Construction Manager-at-Risk Contract with Austin Gilbane for the IAH Mickey Leland International Terminal was tagged by Green An item amending a motion to increase spending authority for chemical, inorganic metal salt coagulants for the Public Works & Engineering Department was pulled from the agenda and not considered. An ordinance awarding a professional services contract to Cliff Johnson and Clay Pop for state and federal representation related to water and wastewater issues was pulled from the agenda and not considered. The city council voted 16-0, with Green not present during the vote, to authorize the issuance of Tax and Revenue Anticipation Notes for the payment of current expenses for the city for FY2018. The city council voted 16-0, with Green away, to approve a supplemental borrowing through Tax and Revenue Anticipation Notes for the payment of current expenses. All other items were approved by unanimous vote. All members were present. Agenda During the meeting, the city council received the city's monthly financial report and quarterly update from Controller Chris Brown and Director of Finance and Chief Business Officer Kelly Dowe. Listen (11:48) Following the report, Council Member Dave Martin asked questions regarding the pension program. Martin noted that the city had underfunded the police pension in order to balance the previous year's budget, and asked what would be required to fully fund pensions in the coming year. “With the reform in Austin, within our current budget, at roughly or even slightly below the payment for FY2017, we'll be able to fully fund the pensions rather than defer after this reform passes,” Dowe replied. Kubosh followed up, asking if that assumes that $1 billion in pension obligation bonds will be issued. Dowe replied that the assumption that the bonds will be issued was part of his statement. Guidry News Service is headquartered in Midtown Houston. at 4001 Fannin Street, Suite 4432, Houston, TX. 77004-4077 (409) 763 NEWS(6397)         News@GuidryNews.com © 1996, Guidry News Service. Duplication of any part of this website in any manner is prohibited.
Home Menu Search Facebook Twitter RSS Currently 67.9 °F Thursday May 4th, 2017 2:51AM 6:18AM ( 20 hours ago ) Weather Alert NWS: North Georgia should prepare for high winds all day Thursday Posted 1:04PM on Wednesday 3rd May 2017 ( 13 hours ago ) Woman involved in Habersham chase that ended in officer-involved shooting jailed in Ga. share tweet +1 By Rob Moore Reporter Crystal Danielle Singleton Related Articles Injury wreck shuts down Ga. 385 in ClarkesvilleFire destroys one vehicle, damages one at Habersham Central High SchoolClarkesville animal owners face 341 charges each in cruelty caseCornelia police seek anyone who can identify bank robbery suspect   Contact Editor CLARKESVILLE — A South Carolina woman is now jailed in Habersham County in connection with an incident involving the pursuit of a stolen car that ended in an officer-involved shooting in North Carolina. Crystal Danielle Singleton, 21, of Piedmont, S.C., had been jailed in Macon County, N.C., since the incident on April 7. She was transferred to and booked at the Habersham County Detention Center on Monday, May 1, charged with felony theft by receiving stolen property, jail records show. Bond has not been set. The incident began after deputies attempted to initiate a traffic stop on a silver Infinity car that had been reported stolen earlier in Clarkesville. The driver fled along Washington Street, up Hollywood Highway and Old Historic Highway 441. The vehicle then turned onto Ga. 15 (U.S. 441) and entered Rabun County, where deputies there attempted to deploy Spike Strips near Walmart in Clayton, causing at least one tire of the fleeing vehicle to deflate, Habersham County Sheriff’s Lt. Matt Wurtz said at the time. The fleeing driver continued into Macon County, N.C., where the driver lost control and wrecked. “Habersham County deputies were attempting to make contact with the driver, at which time shots were fired,” Wurtz said. The driver, now identified as 24-year-old Austin Tyler Thomason of Piedmont, S.C., was struck by gunfire and was taken to Northeast Georgia Medical Center for treatment of his injuries. After his release, he was booked at the Habersham County Detention Center. The passenger in the vehicle, now identified as Singleton, was taken into custody by the Macon County Sheriff’s Office in North Carolina. Just days before the incident involving Habersham County deputies, Thomason allegedly rammed a stolen vehicle into a Greenville County, S.C., deputy sheriff’s car and then fled the scene. Multiple arrest warrants were issued for Thomason in Greenville County, S.C. In Habersham County, Thomason is charged with aggravated assault on a police officer, fugitive from justice, felony theft by receiving stolen property, fleeing or attempting to elude police officer, reckless driving, driving while license suspended or revoked, passing in a no-passing zone, driving on the wrong side of an undivided street, failure to maintain lane, and failure to obey stop sign, jail records show. His bond is set at $25,900. The Habersham County deputy involved in the shooting currently remains on administrative leave pending the outcome of the North Carolina State Bureau of Investigation probe of the incident.   Rob Moore Reporter More Articles From Rob » Associated Categories: Homepage, Local/State News Associated Tags: Habersham County, officer-involved shooting, Habersham County Sheriff's Office, Macon County, N.C., Macon County Sheriff's Office © Copyright 2017 AccessWDUN.com All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without permission. PHOTO GALLERY: New Literacy Garden opens at Gardens on Green in Gainesville The Gardens on Green at the Hall County School District Office are growing again - this time with the addition of a Literacy Garden for younger children. 2:30PM ( 54 minutes ago ) Georgia losing patience with drug treatment tourists Georgia locals fed up over cluster of drug treatment centers that draws many patients from out of state 1:40PM ( 1 hour ago ) Woman involved in Habersham chase that ended in officer-involved shooting jailed in Ga. A South Carolina woman is now jailed in Habersham County in connection with an incident involving the pursuit of a stolen car that ended in an officer-involved shooting in North Carolina. 1:04PM ( 2 hours ago ) Local/State News Barn, contents destroyed by fire in White County Woods fire breaks out on Jekyll Island off Georgia coast Former police officer convicted on false Purple Heart claims Low-income, minority students lag in high school grad rates Clinton blames misogyny, FBI, Russia, herself for 2016 loss Trio of giant building projects announced for downtown Gainesville Gainesville ceremony sees Gov. Deal sign Cardiac Care Bill into law LISTEN: Kona Ice snow cone trucks help Gainesville residents keep cool, raise money for local causes Injury wreck shuts down Ga. 385 in Clarkesville A Habersham County woman was hurt when her vehicle left the road and landed beside a creek in Clarkesville Friday afternoon. By Rob Moore 10:25PM ( 4 days ago ) Fire destroys one vehicle, damages one at Habersham Central High School A vehicle fire in the parking lot of Habersham Central High School near Mt. Airy destroyed that car and damaged one parked nearby Thursday morning. By Rob Moore 1:03PM ( 6 days ago ) Clarkesville animal owners face 341 charges each in cruelty case Two Clarkesville residents turned themselves in to the Habersham County Detention Center Wednesday facing hundreds of charges related to an ongoing animal cruelty case. By Rob Moore 8:00AM ( 6 days ago ) Cornelia police seek anyone who can identify bank robbery suspect Cornelia Police Chief Chad Smith is asking for the public’s help identifying a man responsible for a bank robbery inside a grocery store in that city Wednesday afternoon. By Rob Moore 10:54PM ( 6 days ago ) GBI: Foul play not suspected in Mt. Airy death Initial results of an autopsy performed by the Georgia Bureau of Investigation State Crime Lab in Decatur on a woman who died at a Mt. Airy home last week revealed no signs of wrongdoing in her death. By Rob Moore 6:45PM ( 1 week ago ) Privacy | User Agreement | Contact | Advertise With Us 2017 © Jacobs Media Corporation. All rights reserved. EEO Report. Website by Full Media Login / My Access close Home Listen Live News + Local & State National International Business Entertainment Health Food Inspections Obituaries Politics + 2016 Voter's Guide Sports + Friday Game Night High School Sports Around The Track College Sports Professional Sports Weather WDUN Show Clips Staff Blogs Classifieds Biz Directory Calendar About Us + Contact Us Advertise with Us Follow us on social media My Access Search Join Us Online Facebook Twitter
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Gurin Steam Inhaler Now Available on Amazon and Walmart in the USA Tustin, CA — (SBWIRE) — 05/03/2017 — Good news for those who are suffering from cold, flu and sinusitis symptoms. The Santamedical brand, GSI-110 Steam Inhaler and Mask offered by Gurin Products, LLC. has returned to stock after a gap of 4 months. According to the company, this updated steam inhaler and mask is right now available only on Amazon and Walmart in the USA. The company emphatically assures customers that the inhaler they are offering can help them by effectively providing relief from symptoms such as cold, flu and sinusitis. Further, the steady vapor that emanates from the device can be soothing to the users. Users can benefit from the variable steam adjustment feature of the device, points out the company. They firmly believe that the device is ideal for aromatherapy. The steam inhaler comes with a soft flexible mask, an extension tube and a drain tank. The company says that they are offering a one-year limited warranty for the inhaler. Gurin Products, LLC. emphatically asserts that the steam inhaler and mask provides a natural, safe and effective therapy to relieve symptoms that may arise due to issues such as allergies, bronchitis, colds, flu, laryngitis, rhinitis, sinusitis and similar problems. The device comes with a convenient indicator light, an aromatherapy tank, a measuring cup, an internal water chamber, and a generous 5? power cord. The company adds that the device is latex free. About Gurin Products, LLC. The The Santamedical brand, GSI-110 Steam Inhaler and Mask offered by Gurin Products, LLC. for providing people with relief from symptoms like cold, flu, and sinusitis has returned to stock after a gap of 4 months. The item can now be bought only on Amazon and Walmart. The steady vapor that emanates from the device can be soothing to the users. Users can benefit from the variable steam adjustment feature of this updated device. For Media Contact: Company Name : Gurin Products, LLC Brand Name: Santamedical 2522 Chambers Road, Suite 100 Tustin, CA 92780 United States Contact Number: 888-666-1557 Contact Person: Sanjay Gupta support@gurinproducts.com http://gurinproducts.com/contact-us/ http://gurinproducts.com/product/gurin-personal-steam-inhaler-vaporizer/ https://www.amazon.com/Gurin-TE110-2x2WC-10-Steam-Inhaler/dp/B006VKRXSU/ https://www.walmart.com/ip/Gurin-GSI-110-Steam-Inhaler-And-Mask/157854491 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Projector Screen Market to Grow at a CAGR of 16% Through 2021, Reports Technavio Next PostNext American Leisure Holdings, Inc. (AMLH: OTC Pink No Information) | American Leisure Holdings, Inc.’s GG Media Network Announces Appointment of Management Team Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
home contact SWEATSHOP stepforum stepfatherpresents Girls on Webcam I'll Make You Famous… stepGIRLS   | videos   | steplinks  | stepnews   Safe for Work NSFW(18+)   2017 03 May Alexis Ren is a Great Skateboarder of the Day No Comments » Alexis Ren may have a bit of a donkey head, but girl is a good time…..and has an amazing body – but most importantly, she understands the importance of using sex and sexuality in your marketing, because when she was just 18, she partnered up with some homosexual dude, and together they painted this bullshit storyline of a girl and a guy, young and in love, traveling the world, doing things that all kinds of married women in trailer parks dreamed of doing, you know the kind of thing they’d put on the desktop of their computer if they could afford a computer…or masturbation fodder to the trashy Walmart clerk who lived alone and never touched a man, let alone one with abs, who spends the days on beaches…and instead of resenting this tight little body, they embraced her and wanted to be her…..totally unlike most female behavior… Well, now everyone is producing this couple content for the voyeurs to watch as foreplay before their porn. Racy bikini shit…and Alexis Ren, no longer partners with the homo, got some breast implants and still brings it – because she knows….despite the Donkey Head…her body is young, tight and lovely…and that’s enough for some instagram erotica… Either way, here she is teaching some skateboarding – the way it should be taught….all cock teasing…and playful…I like the slutty skateboard….better than the slutty naked in bed – but not too naked..strategic naked….. More from my site Alexis Ren Gets Topless and Racy of the Day Alexis Ren is Working It of the Day Alexis Ren’s Tribute Video From her Creepy Boyfriends Posted in:Alexis Ren|SFW|Videos previous post: Sara Jean Underwood – Naturalist of the Day next post: Jamie-Lynn Sigler Titty Shot of the Day Get This Now Featured Links It will get you arrested if worn near school yard The Vagina Chart Shirt has become a cult classic and great opening line The Chemistry Of Whiskey Distillation In an intoxicating episode of ACS Reactions, a very bubbly Raychelle Burks, Ph.D. of St. Edwards On The Set Of Alien : Covenant The Alien films boast some of the darkest, most claustrophobic sets ever seen on film. Idiots Catching A Mako Shark In Georgia These absolute tools of men catch themselves a record size Mako shark in Georgia Anthony Sullivan Introduces The McDonald’s Frork In an amusing pseudo-infomercial, outspoken pitchman Anthony Sullivan loudly and proudly introduced the McDonald’s “Frork”, Guy Builds His Own Gymkhana Track That must have been the motto this guy worked by. Patrick Swayze Movie items suprise all at auction Patrick Swayze was one of the hottest actor of the 80’s and 90’s Wow! What a mask DrunkenStepfather is one of the longest running sleazy, comedic, satire site Anthony Sullivan Introduces The McDonald’s Frork In an amusing pseudo-infomercial, outspoken pitchman Anthony Sullivan loudly Growing Up Star Wars It was a love affair, a cultural phenomenon, a shift in how Hollywood made movies See More » Celebrities Abi Titmuss Abigail Clancy Adriana Lima Adriana Volpe Adrianne Curry Aisleyne Horgan-Wallace Alena Seredova Alessandra Ambrosio Ali Larter Alicia Keys Alyson Hannigan Alyssa Milano Amanda Beard Amanda Bynes Amy Adams Amy Alexandra Amy Smart Amy Winehouse Ana Beatriz Barros Anastacia Anna Faris Anna Kournikova Anne Hathaway Aria Giovanni Ashlee Simpson Ashley Hartman Ashley Olsen Ashley Scott Ashley Tisdale Audrina Partridge Bai Ling Bar Rafaeli Benji Madden Beyonce Bianca Gascoigne Bijou Phillips Billie Piper Brian Austin Green Britney Spears Brittany Murphy Brittany Snow Brooke Burke Brooke Hogan Brooke Sheehan Caleigh Peters Cameron Diaz Caprice Carmen Electra Carrie Underwood Catherine Zeta-Jones Celine Dion Cerina Vincent Chanelle Charlie Uchea Charlize Theron Charlotte Church Chauntal Cheryl Tweedy Chloe Sevigny Christina Aguilera Christina Applegate Christina Ricci Christine Lakin Cindy Crawford Cindy Margolis Claire Danes Coco Coleen McLoughlin Cory Kennedy Courtney Cox Courtney Love Cris Angel Daisy Fuentes Daniel Radcliffe Daniela Hantuchova Danielle Lloyd Dannii Minogue Daveigh Chase David Beckham David Hasselhoff Debbie Harry Deelish Demi Moore Diane Kruger Dita Von Tease DJ AM Drew Barrymore Elisabetta Canalis Elisha Cuthbert Elizabeth Berkeley Elizabeth Hasselback Elizabeth Hurley Elle Macpherson Emily Clark Emily Scott Emma Bunton Emma Watson Estella Warren Eva Herzigova Eva Longoria Eva Mendes Fantasia Barrino Fergie Fran Drescher Gemma Atkinson Gemma Ward Geri Halliwell Gia Allemand Gillian Anderson Gisele Bundchen Goldie Hawn Gretchen Mol Gwen Stefani Harry Morton Hayden Panettiere Haylie Duff Heather Graham Heather Locklear Heather Mills Heidi Klum Heidi Montag Hilary Duff Hilary Swank Ice T Ivanka Trump Jade Goody Jade Jagger Jaime Lynn Sigler Jaime Pressly Janice Dickinson Jannel Syzyska Jenna Jameson Jennifer Aniston Jennifer Ellison Jennifer Esposito Jennifer Garner Jennifer Lopez Jennifer Love Hewitt Jennifer Tilly Jenny Malone Jenny McCarthy Jesse Jane Jessica Alba Jessica Biel Jessica Jaymes Jessica Simpson Joanna Krupa Jodie Sweetin Joely Richardson Jordan Jorja Fox Joss Stone Julia Louis Dreyfus Julianne Moore Juliette Lewis Justin Timberlake Kanye West Karen Mulder Karolina Kurkova Kate Beckinsale Kate Bosworth Kate Hudson Kate Moss Katherine Heigl Katherine Kelly Lang Katherine McPhee Kathy Lloyd Katie Downes Katie Holmes Kayley Cuoco Keira Knightley Kellie Pickler Kelly Clarkson Kelly Osborne Kelly Ripa Kelly Rowland Kendra Wilkinson Kim Kardashian Kimberly Stewart Kirsten Dunst Kristen Bell Kristen Cavallari Kristen Davis Kristine Lefebvre Kylie Minogue Laura Prepon Laura Ramsey Lauren Conrad Lauren Holly Leah Remini Leelee Sobiesky Lily Allen Lindsay Lohan Lisa Marie Lisa Rinna Liz Hurley Lorie Loughlin Louise Redknapp Lucy Pinder Madonna Maggie Gyllenhaal Mandy Moore Maria Grazia Cucinotta Maria Kirilenko Maria Menounos Maria Sharapova Mariah Carey Marisa Miller Marisa Tomei Martina Hingis Mary Cary Megan Fox Megan Good Melanie Brown Mena Suvari Michelle Marsh Michelle Pfeiffer Michelle Rodriguez Michelle Trachtenberg Michelle Williams Mila Kunis Milla Jovovich Minnie Driver Mischa Barton Monica Cruz Morgan Fairchild Nadine Cole Nancy O'Dell Natale Reid Natalie Portman Natasha Hamilton Natasha Lyonne Nell McAndrew Nick Lachey Nicky Hilton Nicole Kidman Nicole Richie Nicole Scherzinger Nicolette Sheridan Nikki Griffin Noelia Noemi Lenoir Olsen Twins Ornella Muti Pamela Anderson Paris Hilton Penelope Cruz Petra Nemcova Phoebe Price Pink Portia DiRossi Rachel Bilson Rachel Hunter Rachel Leigh Cook Rachel Nichols Rachel Ray Rebecca Gayheart Reese Witherspoon Renee Zellweger Rihanna Rosanna Arquette Rosario Dawson Rose McGowan Rosie Perez Salma Hayek Samaire Armstrong Samantha Fox Samantha Ronson Sara Harding Sarah Michelle Gellar Sarah Silverman Scarlett Johansson Serena Williams Shakira Sharon Stone Shauna Sand Sienna Miller Sonya Kraus Sophia Bush Sophie Anderton sophie cahill Sophie Howard Sophie Monk Stacy Keibler Stavros Summer Altice Susan Sarandon Tara Conner Tara Reid Taryn Manning Taylor Momsen Tera Patrick Teresa Palmer Teri Hatcher Tila Tequila Tyra Banks Uma Thurman Unsorted Vanessa Hudgens Vanessa Minnillo Victoria Beckham Victoria Silvstedt Vida Guerra Join The Newsletter Asshole stepfatherpresents: The Dark Tower – Official Trailer When You’re Impatient And Karma Gets You Man Makes A Paper Notorious BIG Slinky Statue Man Unboxes A Brand New 8K RED Weapon Camera And Rages When You Have No Idea How An Escalator Works VideosThatSuck Giant Mouse Trap That Smashes Everything A Girl And Her Octopus How To Make An Avocado Cake With A Surprise Chocolate Pit Inside Homer Simpson’s Patented Space Age Moon Waffles Helsreach Part 1 : Prologue A Warhammer 40k Story EvilBeetGossip Brad Pitt opens up about his drinking problem Kendall Spends QT With Kermit Burt Bacharach’s beachfront townhouse for sale Tom Clancy’s Mega Penthouse for sale $25,000 taco goes for just $7,000 at auction   Links Celebrity Porn Porn Fails! Viral Videos Video Porno Most Popular stepGIRLS stepLINKS stepNEWS DrunkenSweatshop stepFORUM Videos Instagram Facebook Contact Disclaimer Privacy Policy Contact DMCA ©2017 DrunkenStepfather
Sections Deseret NewsEntertainment Entertainment Chris Hicks: Bob Hope Christmas specials presented on DVD for the first time By Chris HicksFor the Deseret News Published: May 3, 2017 10:15 a.m. Updated: May 1, 2017 2:19 p.m. + Leave a comment 1 of 3 View 3 Items TNT/Warner The third season of the apocalyptic thriller cable series "The Last Ship" is now on Blu-ray and DVD. Six Bob Hope Christmas specials entertaining U.S. troops overseas are on DVD for the first time. “Bob Hope Salutes the Troops” (Time Life, 1963-91, three discs, six episodes, bonus special with clips of Hope’s many USO shows, eight-page booklet). The six Bob Hope Christmas specials collected here were recorded in war zones and other remote areas where the U.S. military was stationed. Hope and his singing, dancing, joke-telling guest stars entertain eager American troops with material that, in some cases, probably feels stale and silly and chauvinistic. But there’s also some wonderfully amusing stuff here, along with a sense of what life was like in another time and place, when military service was not just a privilege but a requirement. Guests include Utah’s own Marie Osmond, Ann-Margret, Lana Turner, Jill St. John, Jerry Colonna, Lola Falana, Redd Foxx, astronaut Alan Shepard and football players Rosey Grier and Roman Gabriel. (This is exclusively at Wal-Mart for the first few weeks.) “The 4400: The Complete Series” (CBS/Paramount, 2004-07, 14 discs, 42 episodes, deleted scenes, audio commentaries, director’s cut of the final episode, featurettes, bloopers). A comet is headed for Earth and the world braces itself for massive destruction, but then it seems to change course and suddenly drops 4,400 missing people — whose disappearances date back to the 1940s — in the foothills of Mount Rainier in Washington State. Naturally, the government is suspicious and wants answers. So do the 4,400. This USA cable channel sci-fi series stars Mahershala Ali (this year’s best supporting actor Oscar winner, for “Moonlight”), Peter Coyote and Billy Campbell. “The Last Ship: The Complete Third Season” (TNT/Warner, 2016, two discs, 13 episodes, featurettes). In the aftermath of a global pandemic that has decimated humanity, the crew of the U.S.S. Nathan James, which, because of its location, was unaffected, has developed and been distributing a cure. This season there’s trouble in Southeast Asia as the crew tries to find and free some missing fellow crew members. (The fourth season will air later this year on TNT.) “Agatha Christie’s The Witness for the Prosecution” (Acorn, 2016, featurettes). Despite Christie’s name in the title, this cynical two-hour TV movie of her famous twist-filled courtroom thriller adds a lot of unnecessary soap opera filler, has no remotely likable characters and takes a surprisingly dour and humorless approach (complete with R-rated language and sex). It is based on the original 1925 short story instead of Christie’s preferred version, the play she rewrote in 1953 with an extra kick at the end. And it can’t hold a candle to Billy Wilder’s riveting 1957 film, which is based on the play and liberally laced with witty dialogue. “Animal Kingdom: The Complete First Season” (Warner, 2026, two-disc Blu-ray, three-disc DVD, 10 episodes, deleted scenes, featurettes). When his mother dies, a 17-year-old boy (Finn Cole) moves into the upscale Southern California beachside home of his grandmother (Ellen Barkin), little realizing that she and her sons are hardened criminals. Naturally, the boy is quickly recruited for a robbery. (The second season begins May 30 on TNT.) “Nature: Yosemite” (PBS, 2017). Kevin Kline narrates this “Nature” episode with scientists and explorers discussing the precious water resources that have shaped the “stone wilderness” of the title, which includes the world’s largest living trees, as well as wildlife, and how it all is being affected by climate change. “Frontline: Battle for Iraq” (PBS, 2017). This is a one-hour, two-part report from PBS’s “Frontline” documentary series. Part one is “Battle for Iraq,” which takes viewers into Mosul where ISIS employs suicide bombings and other terror tactics. Part two is “Hunting ISIS,” as the First Battalion tries to clear the terrorists from the city, a task that is anything but clear cut. “Wild Weather” (PBS, 2015). This hourlong documentary reveals how little we actually understand about how weather works, and how that may change with the work of maverick experts and renowned specialists worldwide who have been performing experiments to learn the science behind sandstorms, water force, wind movement, etc. “Craft in America: Nature” (PBS, 2017). Various forms of art that embrace the beauty and inspiration of the American landscape are highlighted in this hourlong episode, with sculptor Patrick Dougherty in North Carolina, wood carver Michelle Holzapfel in Vermont, fiber artist Mary Merkel-Hess in Iowa, Native American glass artist Preston Singletary in San Francisco, and paper sculptor Catherine Alice Michaelis in Washington state. “Peanuts: Go Team Go!” (Warner, 2016, two discs, 19 episodes). Charlie Brown, Snoopy and the gang put their hapless efforts toward playing baseball, football, tennis and even ice skating for two hours of sports-themed episodes from the “Peanuts” cartoon TV series on Boomerang and Cartoon Network. Comment on this story “Rugrats: Season 1” (Nickelodeon/Paramount, 1991-92, two discs, 25 episodes). “Rugrats: Season 2” (Nickelodeon/Paramount, 1992-93, four discs, 51 episodes). The clever and funny 1990s animated series “Rugrats” was about a group of toddlers — chiefly Tommy, Chuckie, twins Phil and Lil, and Tommy’s mean cousin Angelica — that tried to make sense of the world around them by letting their imaginations run wild. These first two seasons are considered by fans of the show to be the best. Add a comment Like that? Read this. Sponsored by Red Butte Garden From Park City to St. George: Which plants grow best in your zone Family 10 hours ago Utah Opera's brings noir twist to Mozart's 'Don Giovanni' Family 10 hours ago Two ways Star Wars fans can celebrate May 4 The PopuList 1 EU leaders unite ahead of Brexit divorce talks with UK 2 As number of adoptions drops, many US agencies face strains 3 Federal government relaxes nutrition standards for school lunches 4 Jimmy Kimmel tearfully recounts newborn son's heart surgery 5 What '13 Reasons Why' gets wrong about suicide View all for Entertainment most Commented 22 'She doesn't deserve this': Family laments mother's arrest, pending deportation 14 Inside the newsroom: The 'homeless problem' is really about something else 12 Federal government relaxes nutrition standards for school lunches 11 Jimmy Kimmel tearfully recounts newborn son's heart surgery 10 As number of adoptions drops, many US agencies face strains 5 Utah mother of Venezuelan prisoner feeling hopeful 5 Wedding proposal at Fenway goes horribly 'awry,' crowd chants 'she said no!' 4 For boy with brain tumor, some races don't have a finish line Thursday, May, 4, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Juniper Research: P2P Money Transfers to Drive Digital Payment Growth as Market Approaches $3.9 Trillion in 2017 BASINGSTOKE, England, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new study by Juniper Research has found the value of digital payments will approach $3.9 trillion this year, representing an increase of more than 14% on last year's total. While the bulk of transaction value (55%) will be accounted for by online retail purchases for physical goods, P2P (Person to Person) money transfers will see the largest year-on-year net increase in value ($200 million). The new research - Digital Payment Strategies: Online, Mobile & Contactless 2017-2021 - argued that the US would see particularly strong growth, with the bank-backed Zelle Network expected to build on its successful debut in 2016 as additional banks come on board. The research also emphasised that the demonetisation policies employed by India's government had encouraged a surge in mobile wallet adoption and, with it, sharp increases in both P2P and mobile retail transactions. Wal-Mart Strengthening Online Play  Meanwhile, the research anticipated that the US would see further strong growth in eRetail. Online US sales in 2016 were around 4% ahead of previous Juniper forecasts, thanks in large part to an increased emphasis by traditional bricks-and-mortar retailers in developing a converged online/offline approach. It cited the example of Wal-Mart, which currently realises less than 5% of sales through online channels, seeking to boost its market share through the development of an 'innovation hub' to drive retail opportunities. Bots to Transform Consumer Experience  Furthermore, the research argued that the rise of bots and other natural language interfaces was likely to transform the consumer-facing front end, offering an improved shopper experience. However, according to research author Dr Windsor Holden, the performance of the bot in customer service channels was critical. "Poorly trained bots will issue unhelpful responses, potentially resulting in customer churn away from a given brand or retailer", he said. The complimentary whitepaper, 'Maximising the Digital Payments Opportunity 2017', is available to download from the Juniper website, together with further details of the full research and the attendant Interactive Forecast Excel (IFxl). Juniper Research is acknowledged as the leading analyst house in the digital commerce and fintech sector, delivering pioneering research into payments, banking and financial services for more than a decade. For further details please contact Sam Smith, Press Relations, T: +44(0)1256-830002, E: sam.smith@juniperresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Electronic Commerce, Retail, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious European Event Marketing Company, RNB Thursday’s Delight, Partners with Global Digital Marketing Agency Executive Digital Next PostNext SHAREHOLDER ALERT – Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Notifies Investors of Class Action Against Amyris, Inc. (AMRS) and Lead Plaintiff Deadline: June 19, 2017 Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: What omnibus means for DoD•Myth-busting FedRAMP•Trump calls for 'good shutdown' Headlines Get Email Alerts U.S. News Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » 7 bounty hunters shot… 7 bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder By The Associated Press May 3, 2017 7:55 pm 2 min read Share NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — Seven bounty hunters who descended on the wrong car outside a Wal-Mart have been indicted on first-degree murder charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another, Tennessee police announced Wednesday. The charges come after a chaotic scene in Clarksville on April 23, where police said the bounty hunters shot at the four people in the sedan and chased them for seven miles. Not one of the men in the sedan was wanted on outstanding charges. In fact, the Clarksville bounty hunters were looking for someone else, and there is no indication that any of the victims fired at the defendants or were even armed, police spokesman Jim Knoll said in an email. Sign up for the online chat with Air Force Deputy CIO Bill Marion II on May 9, at 10 a.m. (EDT). Advertisement Bail bondsmen are empowered to hire or act as bounty hunters to bring in people who violate the terms of jail bonds, but they can’t use deadly force unless it’s self-defense. Killed was 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three from Clarksville. His family called him an innocent man who died in an act of terrorizing violence. Johnson’s uncle, Toni Jenkins, told The Associated Press that his nephew and the three men in the car with him had no idea why people would suddenly block their car in the Wal-Mart parking lot. Fearing an attack by gang members, they tried to flee. The bounty hunters, Jenkins said, started shooting in the parking lot and continued to fire on them during the chase, even ramming the Nissan along the way. Clarksville police would not confirm or deny these details, but authorities have said they are troubled by how the bounty hunters put people at risk. The Montgomery County grand jury charged all seven men with first-degree felony murder, three counts of attempted second-degree murder, three counts of especially aggravated kidnapping, attempted especially aggravated kidnapping, four counts of aggravated assault, employing a firearm in commission of a dangerous felony and felony reckless endangerment, police said. ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says Some of the men charged were bonding agents and others were strictly bounty hunters, Knoll said. The men charged include: William L. Byles, 31; Kenneth Chiasson, 38; Antwon D. Keesee, 32; Jonathan Schnepp, 31; Roger D. West, 31; Prentice L. Williams, 34 and Joshua Young, 27. They do not yet have court dates or attorneys listed, the Montgomery County Circuit Court Clerk’s office said. All the men are from Clarksville, a city about 50 miles (80 kilometers) northwest of Nashville near the Kentucky state line. Related Topics All News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » 7 bounty hunters shot… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1951: Congressional hearings scrutinize MacArthur Fed Photo of the Day Natl. Guard responds to flooding in Missouri Top Stories Pentagon ends civilian hiring freeze, but tells managers to carefully scrutinize all positions Top Story House passes budget omnibus Budget Thousands of new hires coming to NAVSEA with omnibus Exclusive IRS, Education Dept. delayed reporting major data breach, lawmakers claim Cybersecurity Shulkin to release ‘State of VA’ report amid reorganization efforts Veterans Affairs THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 03, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8321 -0.0065 2.24% L 2020 25.4039 -0.0188 3.69% L 2030 28.2782 -0.0345 5.24% L 2040 30.4350 -0.0449 6.00% L 2050 17.4452 -0.0299 6.69% G Fund 15.3090 0.0010 0.78% F Fund 17.7463 -0.0048 1.75% C Fund 33.1449 -0.0355 7.16% S Fund 43.1276 -0.2738 5.78% I Fund 27.2688 -0.0361 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Supply Chain > Customer Relationships > How to Keep Your Supply Chain from Killing You, Part 2 How to Keep Your Supply Chain from Killing You, Part 2 May 3, 2017 Ned Hill, Professor of Public Administration and City & Regional Planning, The Ohio State University’s John Glenn College of Public Affairs EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 It’s crucial to track the purchases of your customers, and to understand their purchasing strategies, or your business may be devoured by the Anaconda. There are two polar-opposite supply chain models. One, the business relationship model, makes for stronger supply chains. Advertisement The one-handed economist grew up in the shoe business, where the family’s motto was: “You can sell two left shoes if they are cheap enough.” We had two factory outlet stores and five Little Red Shoe House stores in Connecticut. The company sold private-label shoes, or make-ups, and distressed footwear — closeouts and factory-damaged goods. My sister and I learned the business from factories scattered throughout New England and down into Pennsylvania. As we worked wholesale trade shows and visited factories, Sears and its huge number of stores loomed large over the industry. Small manufacturers would hope for a test run from Sears. We often heard: “All I need is a case in each store,” and, of course, they offered Sears their best prices. Then Sears’ Anaconda Buying Strategy would take hold. If the product sold, the buy would go up and Sears would squeeze nickels and dimes from the manufacturer, all the time increasing its share of the manufacturer’s production. Next, we would hear: “I sell Sears tight, it carries my overhead, and I make my money on the others.” Our Little Red Shoe House was among “the others.” Finally, either the manufacturer collapsed, or the manufacturer — knowing only how Sears bought — would have lost track of the market and emerging trends. The Sears Anaconda would squeeze and squeeze and squeeze some more, until the company died. Fast forward a few decades. On March 21 of this year, Sears Holdings issued its annual report and got some attention of its own.  After a head-scratching takeover by Kmart, years of store closings and downsizings, lack of investment, and the sale of its iconic Craftsman brand to Stanley Black & Decker, management let investors know that “substantial doubt exists related to the Company's ability to continue as a going concern." So now Sears is on the way out, having missed the rise of Walmart and much, much more.  But the Anaconda lives on in the buying strategies of other dominant companies, which is why it’s so important to track the purchases of your customers, and to understand their purchasing strategies. As I see it, there are two polar-opposite supply chain models, with significant variation between the poles. Related How to Keep Your Supply Chain From Killing You, Part 1 When Your Biggest Customers Want More, Maybe Say ‘No’ First is the auction model of the supply chain relationship.  In this model, the OEM specifies the part or subassembly required in great detail and then puts the part out to auction, awarding a supply contract to the lowest-cost bidder. In a sense, an auction supply chain relationship is “plug and play”— that is, any supplier that meets quality and delivery targets can bid, plugging its part into the supply chain if it wins the auction. The model at the other pole is the business relationship model. Under the relationship model, a supplier is pre-qualified by having an existing relationship with the OEM. The supplier bids for the work, but the number of bidders is limited. Both OEM and supplier place economic value on the business relationship, often share a similar business culture, and usually exchange detailed information. The return that both parties receive from these relationships is risk mitigation. What are the risks that are mitigated, and where are the cost savings for the OEM?  They show up throughout the lifecycle of the part or subassembly, as well as in the production process itself: The first benefits are transaction cost savings. The OEM has a pre-qualified supplier with knowledge about quality requirements, delivery expectations, and the OEM’s production process. In the best-case scenario, the supplier anticipates the idiosyncrasies of working with the OEM, and each OEM delivery site. In a relationship model, suppliers and the OEM frequently work in partnership to engineer parts and subassemblies. The cost savings from this relationship may involve lower supplier costs, but more typically accrue from improved lifecycle performance of the part or subassembly<sup>3</sup>, and can include: Improved performance of the subassembly, Introduction of new product features, Cost savings in engineering, Improvements in assembly processes, and Reductions in warranty costs. The supplier benefits, too, in three ways: The long-term working relationship reduces the risk involved in bidding, because the supplier trusts the accuracy of sales forecasts provided by the OEM. The value placed on the business relationship ensures that the OEM will not “price them [the supplier] out of business.” Finally, the supplier knows that investments made in engineering and product development will result in a more stable operating environment. There is, however, symbiotic danger in the relationship model for both OEM and supplier. The first is that the relationship can slip into what economists term “efficiency pricing.” This occurs when the supplier is paid an amount slightly above market rates, to ensure that the supplier does not leave the OEM’s fold. It’s like paying an insurance premium to ensure the value of the relationship. The danger for the OEM is that it can become overly dependent on the business of a single supplier, increasing its supply-chain risk by not being able to dual-source, or by ending up with a final product that is over-priced. The corresponding danger for the supplier is twofold: First, the supplier’s fortunes rise and fall with its dominant customer. Second, its customer can become a monopsonist (a single purchaser of a supplier component), with the power to determine the price of that component — and to start using the Anaconda strategy. Popular Now 5 Ways to Use Big Data Effectively in Your Manufacturing Organization Four Reverse Logistics Problems: Solved Top 10 States for Manufacturing Jobs The survey responses and interviews in our research for Driving Ohio’s Prosperity found no evidence of efficiency pricing in the automotive parts industry at the dawn of the Great Recession. There was simply too much capacity before the recession hit, and the resulting competition generated margins that were tight up and down the value chain. What, then, is the benefit of a business relationship for Tier 1, 2 or 3 suppliers? Interviewees indicated that they benefited from honesty built into the relationships, and that they were willing to accept lower margins for immediate work in return for a more successful long-term business horizon. They saw their relationship with the OEM as reducing their long-term business risk. However, the relationship model is only sustainable if the OEM has a very good idea of what the market price of the component should be — or if there’s a credible threat from an alternative supplier. One last point in favor of the relationship model: Several Tier 2 and 3 companies mentioned that “business ethics” were a major problem in the automotive supply chain. These complaints and comments were closely related to how satisfied suppliers were with their business relationships with OEMs.  An executive with a company that supplied Detroit-headquartered OEMs found the auction model particularly risky because of frequent — and possibly intentional— misrepresentations of the size of potential production runs. These flawed estimates caused the supplier to miscalculate its average fixed costs, endangering its financial health. As an example, he cited a quote for 100,000 parts — but with the parts to be released in increments as need arose. “In the end,” he said, “the requests only came in for 60,000. It destroy[ed] the original cost quote.” The relationship supply chain management model removes this source of risk—as long as your OEM doesn’t shed its friendly skin and turn into an Anaconda. As A One-Handed Economist, Ned Hill provides straight talk on business and markets to industry leaders looking for a new perspective. Dr. Hill is professor of Public Administration and City & Regional Planning at The Ohio State University's John Glenn College of Public Affairs and a member of the College of Engineering’s Ohio Manufacturing Institute. He came to OSU after serving as dean of the Maxine Goodman Levin College of Urban Affairs and Professor and Distinguished Scholar of Economic Development at Cleveland State University. He has also been editor of Economic Development Quarterly and chair of the National Advisory Board of the Manufacturing Extension Partnership. A One-Handed Economist featuring Ned Hill is one of a series of blogs provided to IndustryWeek by The MPI Group.   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 Paul Ericksen on May 3, 2017 Again, a great article. I would suggest you consider expanding the poles of your business relationship model. What you are trying to do, I think, is define a spectrum of possible business relationships and seem to have pretty well nailed the Auction end. I think the other end --- your Business Relationship pole --- is too broad. In my book a basic Business Relationship represents the center of the business relationship spectrum with while a collaborative Business Relationship represents the opposite end to the Auction. I actually have it in my "article queue" to write my perspective of how I see this "spectrum" and hope that you read and provide feedback on it when it comes out later this summer. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles How to Keep Your Supply Chain From Killing You, Part 1 2 How Much Do Your Engineering Change Orders Cost You? Going Global -- What Should You Expect From Your ERP System? How to Keep Slave Labor out of Your Global Supply Chain How to Get More from your Supply Chain Supply Chain Category Sponsored by Arcbest Logistics doesn’t have to be complicated. Welcome to Simplistics™. Welcome to ArcBest℠. With decades of industry expertise, we can handle even the most complex challenges seamlessly and simply. www.arcb.com/simplistics THE LATEST Tesla Assures Model 3 on Time as Musk's Cash Burn Continues Bosch Sells Subsidiary to China's ZMJ Auto Supplier Magna Taps Nest Co-Founder to Make Inroads in Tech How to Keep Your Supply Chain from Killing You, Part 2 Big Summer Shutdowns Loom for US Auto Plants as Sales Sputter Technology Guru Bill Joy Is Betting on a Bulletproof Battery More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Apr 28, 2017 News Brewing Better Supplier Relationships at Keurig 3 The coffee maker’s director of procurement talks about making volunteerism mean more than a hill of beans....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek A Reason to Do Lean and Six Sigma Executives Will Embrace Parker Presents the Internet of Things for the Ordinary Guy Big Summer Shutdowns Loom for US Auto Plants as Sales Sputter The New Logistics Competition for the Last Mile Tool and Dying: Auto Leaders, From Ford to FCA, Brainstorm on Saving the Shops that Sustain Them IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series The Importance of Advanced Planning and Scheduling The Pulse of Performance Management 2017: The Next Generation of Solutions for Budgeting, Forecasting, Consolidation, Reporting, and Analytics Digital Efficiency -- Unlocking the Low-Carbon Economy What is Collaborative Manufacturing? Driving Speed and Quality in Your Enterprise View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support The Future of Information – the Disruptive Enterprise How Digital Transformation Drives Supply Chain Restructuring Imperative Optimize Your B2B Integration with the Right Partner Enriched Data Accelerates the Realization of Smart Manufacturing More   Advertisement More from MH&L Global Supply Chain Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Juniper Research: P2P Money Transfers to Drive Digital Payment Growth as Market Approaches $3.9 Trillion in 2017 News provided by Juniper Research 03 May, 2017, 16:17 BST Share this article BASINGSTOKE, England, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- A new study by Juniper Research has found the value of digital payments will approach $3.9 trillion this year, representing an increase of more than 14% on last year's total. While the bulk of transaction value (55%) will be accounted for by online retail purchases for physical goods, P2P (Person to Person) money transfers will see the largest year-on-year net increase in value ($200 million). The new research - Digital Payment Strategies: Online, Mobile & Contactless 2017-2021 - argued that the US would see particularly strong growth, with the bank-backed Zelle Network expected to build on its successful debut in 2016 as additional banks come on board. The research also emphasised that the demonetisation policies employed by India's government had encouraged a surge in mobile wallet adoption and, with it, sharp increases in both P2P and mobile retail transactions. Wal-Mart Strengthening Online Play  Meanwhile, the research anticipated that the US would see further strong growth in eRetail. Online US sales in 2016 were around 4% ahead of previous Juniper forecasts, thanks in large part to an increased emphasis by traditional bricks-and-mortar retailers in developing a converged online/offline approach. It cited the example of Wal-Mart, which currently realises less than 5% of sales through online channels, seeking to boost its market share through the development of an 'innovation hub' to drive retail opportunities. Bots to Transform Consumer Experience  Furthermore, the research argued that the rise of bots and other natural language interfaces was likely to transform the consumer-facing front end, offering an improved shopper experience. However, according to research author Dr Windsor Holden, the performance of the bot in customer service channels was critical. "Poorly trained bots will issue unhelpful responses, potentially resulting in customer churn away from a given brand or retailer", he said. The complimentary whitepaper, 'Maximising the Digital Payments Opportunity 2017', is available to download from the Juniper website, together with further details of the full research and the attendant Interactive Forecast Excel (IFxl). Juniper Research is acknowledged as the leading analyst house in the digital commerce and fintech sector, delivering pioneering research into payments, banking and financial services for more than a decade. For further details please contact Sam Smith, Press Relations, T: +44(0)1256-830002, E: sam.smith@juniperresearch.com SOURCE Juniper Research 18 Apr, 2017, 10:52 BST Preview: Juniper Research: World of Warcraft and Other MMO/MOBA Games to Approach 25% of the $100bn Digital Games Market in 2017 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 18 Apr, 2017, 10:52 BSTJuniper Research: World of Warcraft and Other MMO/MOBA Games to... 28 Mar, 2017, 09:45 BSTG&D, Gemalto and Synaptics Identified as Disruptors in a New... Explore More news releases in similar topics Retail Electronic Commerce Banking & Financial Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Juniper Research: P2P Money Transfers to Drive Digital Payment Growth as Market Approaches $3.9 Trillion in 2017 News provided by Juniper Research 03 May, 2017, 16:17 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Land O’Lakes, Inc. reports results for first quarter 2017 ARDEN HILLS, Minn., May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Land O’Lakes, Inc. today reported quarterly net sales of $3.7 billion and net earnings of $110 million in the first quarter ending March 31, 2017, compared with 2016 first quarter net sales of $3.6 billion and net earnings of $104 million. The strong first quarter earnings come on the heels of a record year in 2016 when the company reported $320 million in net earnings on $13.2 billion in sales. „Overall first quarter performance for 2017 continues the trend of year-over-year growth for our organization despite increased complexity and headwinds across the marketplace,” said Land O’Lakes, Inc. President and CEO Chris Policinski. „Our growing focus spans our farm-to-fork view of the marketplace as we continue to invest in value-added innovation in all four of our business units: Land O’Lakes Dairy Foods, Purina Feed, WinField United Crop Inputs and Land O’Lakes SUSTAIN.” During the first quarter, Land O’Lakes announced the acquisition of Vermont Creamery to accelerate growth in its important Dairy Foods business with trusted brands and innovative products. The company also announced last month its increasing commitment to achieve meaningful goals in and to shape the future of environmental sustainability across the agricultural value chain. The announcement was made in partnership with other suppliers of Walmart. First-quarter earnings benefited from strong performance in Dairy Foods, Animal Feed and Crop Inputs. Earnings in Dairy Foods, which includes the company’s LAND O LAKES brand, were driven by strong volumes in Foodservice and improved margins in retail-branded products. Increased earnings in Crop Inputs, which includes WinField United, resulted from higher margins driven by vendor rebates. Earnings across the Animal Feed portfolio remained strong due to a continued product mix shift to valued added products. More information about the company’s first quarter performance can be found at www.landolakesinc.com/investors. About Land O’Lakes, Inc.   Land O’Lakes, Inc., one of America’s premier agribusiness and food companies, is a member-owned cooperative with industry-leading operations that span the spectrum from agricultural production to consumer foods. With 2016 annual sales of $13 billion, Land O’Lakes is one of the nation’s largest cooperatives, ranking 215 on the Fortune 500. Building on a legacy of more than 95 years of operation, Land O’Lakes today operates some of the most respected brands in agribusiness and food production including LAND O LAKES® Dairy Foods, Purina Animal Nutrition and WinField® United and Land O’Lakes SUSTAINTM. The company does business in all 50 states and more than 60 countries. Land O’Lakes, Inc. corporate headquarters are located in Arden Hills, Minn. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/land-olakes-inc-reports-results-for-first-quarter-2017-300450572.html SOURCE Land O’Lakes, Inc. Related Links http://www.landolakesinc.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsEarnings Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dr. Peter Littlewood Joins Skyworks Strategic Board of Advisors Next PostNext Axter Agroscience Will Distribute Inocucor’s Biological Crop Inputs in Canada Search Recent Posts Forecast Report -2022 on Global Standard Pallet Industry 2017 – Orbis Research 2017 Global Pneumatic Tire Market Industry Trend and Forecast to 2022 Insights shared in Detailed Report Notification of Shareholding Transaction by Millicom CEO Global Demister Market 2017 Competition, Status and Forecast, Market Size by Players, Regions, Type, Application United States Solvent Recycling Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews St. Leonard Man Arrested for Possession With Intent to Distribute Drugs May 2, 2017 Anthony A. Perez, 23 of St. Leonard On Wednesday, April 26, 2017, at approximately 9:20 pm, Trooper First Class Barlow and Trooper First Class Lewis from the Maryland State Police Prince Frederick Barrack responded to a broadcast in an attempt to locate Anthony A. Perez, 23 of St. Leonard, who reportedly was driving under the influence of Xanax. The vehicle was located in the parking area of Walmart in Prince Frederick. Once Perez returned to the vehicle, several people were observed entering and exiting the vehicle. Perez then left the parking lot and began heading south, then turning north and then returning south again. Perez was stopped just north of Walmart. A K-9 scan was conducted and the positive alert was noted. A search revealed numerous packets of drugs. Perez was arrested for Possession with Intent to Distribute and was incarcerated at the Calvert County Detention Center. Anthony A. Perez, 23 of St. Leonard This entry was posted on May 2, 2017 at 9:41 am and is filed under All News, Calvert News, County, Law Enforcement, Top News, z 600X120 Top Ad Bottom, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 5 Responses to St. Leonard Man Arrested for Possession With Intent to Distribute Drugs Anonymous on May 2, 2017 at 10:21 am So they didn’t stop him in the parking lot & let him return to the streets while he was high? Reply Nostranonymous on May 2, 2017 at 12:24 pm I’m going to go out on a limb and guess they didn’t know he was high when they let him drive away. The traffic stop, and subsequent interaction with him, is what allowed the police to reach the conclusion that he was high. If you can identify people who are drunk or high from across the parking lot, you should offer your services to the police to make the community safer Reply Anonymous on May 2, 2017 at 2:59 pm whoops! Reply Getback on May 3, 2017 at 9:04 am My comment was not posted? I am not feelin the love. Sensorship! Reply Getback on May 3, 2017 at 9:05 am (or censorship) Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Archives May 2017 (50) April 2017 (272) March 2017 (314) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (323) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (559) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Home News Deals People Research Property Types Property Types Market Rate Luxury Affordable Student Housing Military Housing Senior Housing Condo Marcus & Millichap Leads Sale of Dupont Apartments Market Rate Marcus & Millichap Leads Sale of Dupont Apartments NC Community Changes Hands for $21M Market Rate NC Community Changes Hands for $21M Bascom Group Buys South Bay Community Market Rate 03 May 2017 14:40 Melo Group Tops Off Miami Condos Luxury 03 May 2017 14:40 Museum BLVD’s Final Look Slideshow 03 May 2017 11:49 Arrimus Announces Student Housing Acquisition, New Hire Slideshow 03 May 2017 09:49 Orange County Community Trades for $17M Market Rate 03 May 2017 09:16 Business Specialties Business Specialties Finance & Investment Development Architecture & Design Operations Marketing The Long and Short of It Operations The Long and Short of It Robbins Electra Snaps Up Charlotte Community Finance & Investment Robbins Electra Snaps Up Charlotte Community Greystone Oversees Financing for NY Apartments Finance & Investment 03 May 2017 14:09 Arlington Community Changes Hands Finance & Investment 03 May 2017 13:43 Dallas Job Stats Point to Continued Growth Finance & Investment 02 May 2017 23:35 The Era of Flexible Lenders Finance & Investment 02 May 2017 23:15 Awards Polls Multimedia Multimedia Videos Podcasts Slideshows PAC Lands 242-Unit Louisville Community Slideshow Witkoff’s 150 Charles Street Awarded LEED Gold Slideshow JVM Starts Renovations on Kansas City Communities Slideshow Bascom Group Buys South Bay Community by Ariela Moraru May 03, 2017 Los Angeles West Market Rate More Finance & Investment News Deals May032017 The company plans to revitalize the 64-unit infill community in Torrance, Calif. This is the firm's 37th multifamily property in Los Angeles County. Harvard Villa, Torrance, Calif. Bascom Group LLC has acquired Harvard Villa Apartments, a 64-unit infill community located in the South Bay Los Angeles city of Torrance, Calif. BThe group’s James D’Argenio and Chang Liu sourced and managed the $14 million acquisition. Erich Pryor and Thomas Sherlock with Talonvest Capital secured a $11.5 million loan from TCF National Bank. Hooman Emanuel of Emanuel Real Estate Group represented the seller. The new owner plans to bring upgrades to the 1985 property. Located at 20341 Harvard Blvd., less than 5 miles from the Pacific Ocean and near interstates 405, 110, 710, 105 and Pacific Coast Highway, Harvard Villa features one-bedroom and two-bedroom units. The asset is close to retail amenities including a local Walmart. According to Yardi Matrix, the two-story property had a 95 percent occupancy rate as of March 2017. Private owner Helen Ross purchased the asset at the end of 2005 for $6 million. Top employers within a 30-minute commute include Honda North America, Boeing Satellite Systems, Raytheon, AT&T Entertainment Group, Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, Xerox, Mattel and the Port of Los Angeles. Toyota’s former 110-acre corporate campus, located a block from the property, is currently being marketed for sale, with the list of prospective buyers including Amazon, Tesla and Space X. “Harvard Villa was a rare off-market acquisition opportunity with tremendous operational and physical upside. The seller was a long-term, private owner. Bringing in professional third-party management will boost resident services immediately. We are excited about the area’s potential for job creation and revitalization when Toyota’s campus is sold, redeveloped and occupied with a new user,” said Bascom’s Senior Principal D’Argenio in prepared remarks. Harvard Villa marks the company’s 37th multifamily property closed in Los Angeles County and its 167th multifamily property closed in California. Recently, Bascom Group has acquired a $94 million community located in the heart of Orange County. The company has acquired $1.3 billion in multifamily properties throughout the United States in the past year. Image courtesy of Bascom Group Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Talonvest Capital Inc. The Bascom Group Related Posts Capital One Provides Freddie Mac Loans for 8 Properties 02 May 2017 12:21 Berkadia Closes $35M SoCal Apartment Sale 06 April 2017 14:32 TMG Sells CA Value-Add Community for $12M 27 March 2017 10:47 Cresta Expands Portfolio with Beverly Hills Buy 22 March 2017 08:00 On the Market: 5 Interesting Listings for the Week of 2/20 24 February 2017 18:56 Top Stories Melo Group Tops Off Miami Condos… 03 May 2017 14:40 Greystone Oversees Refi, Acquisition Financing for NY Apartme… 03 May 2017 14:09 Arlington Community Changes Hands… 03 May 2017 13:43 Museum BLVD’s Final Look… 03 May 2017 11:49 Arrimus Announces Student Housing Acquisition, New Hire… 03 May 2017 09:49 More Top Stories About Us Contact Advertising Editorial Guidelines Industry Links Archive Tags Subscribe to MHN News by City Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Baton Rouge Boston Charleston Charlotte Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Columbia Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit Durham Hampton Roads Honolulu Houston Indianapolis Jacksonville Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New Orleans New York Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Portland Providence Raleigh Richmond Salt Lake City San Antonio San Diego San Francisco Seattle St. Louis Tampa Tucson Tulsa Washington DC Connect with MHN Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest Yardi Companies and Affiliates Point2 Point2 Homes PropertyShark YES Energy Management MCEnergy Yardi Matrix Yardi Marketplace Commercial Property Executive Optimus RENTCafé Digital Editions Magazine Archive © 2017 - Multi-Housing News Online
clock menu more-arrow The Impossible Question of Public School Uniforms One-fifth of American students wear them. But do they level the playing field or just further marginalize poor kids? by Stephie Grob Plante May 3, 2017, 10:30am EDT Photography by Kristen Norman Daquian Denton wears a uniform to attend his K-8 school in Chicago. tweet share pin Kenneth doesn’t think much about his school uniform. He is 11 years old, attends fifth grade at a public school on Chicago’s South Side, and wears thick brown glasses that are, his mom says, unbreakable. He also wears navy pants and a white polo, something he’s required to do five days a week. So does Kenneth’s 7-year-old brother, Steven, though Steven’s pants are streaked with dirt from the day’s activities, and at some point in the afternoon he loses the polo to reveal a crisp white T-shirt beneath. “Steven!” laughs their mom, Hugette Scott. “That was fast.” It’s after school hours, and the boys are home after a long day — a more relaxed look is inevitable. “I would like to wear just casual clothes to school,” says Kenneth, though he adds that wearing a uniform doesn’t bother him like it seems to bother some of his classmates. “They just hate the thought of uniforms. They don't like wearing them, so they come in hoodies and things like that to school.” Why? “They just want to dress differently and not in the same thing every day.” Does wearing the same thing every day get boring for you? “Yes.” He nods, and again says, “Yes.” Eighty percent of schools in Chicago — including 80 percent of Chicago Public Schools, known as CPS — employ a mandatory uniform policy. Many different schools fall under the CPS umbrella: neighborhood schools, magnet schools, vocational schools, military schools, preschools, charter schools, and selective enrollment schools, amounting to 669 CPS schools in total. The district’s policy manual stipulates that uniforms can be adopted in any of them. Most kids attending neighborhood public schools must dress like Kenneth and Steven do: in solid navy pants and unembellished polos. There’s variance in style between, say, the private parochial schools’ outfits (plaids, jumpers, skirts or slacks, pullover sweaters) and those of charter school students (usually khaki dress pants, sometimes school emblems stitched onto polos), but most kids attending neighborhood public schools must dress like Kenneth and Steven do: in solid navy pants and unembellished polos. There’s long been debate surrounding how to dress our kids. Over the past 20 years, there have been lawsuits brought by the ACLU fighting school uniform policies, endorsements of uniforms from past presidents, and academic studies falling on both sides of the argument. The trend toward uniforms, meanwhile, has increased ever steadily; by the end of the 2013-2014 school year, one-fifth of US public schools had adopted uniform policies. Hugette’s boys attended Catholic school, and wore Catholic school uniforms, before transferring to CPS two years ago. Hugette grew up in Chicago. She too went to Catholic school and wore uniforms as a kid, but no one she knew in public school back then had to wear a uniform. By the time her own kids were ready for school, she was shocked by how much had changed. “I thought there would maybe be a dress code, I can understand that,” says Hugette. “But uniforms? I’m not really for them in the public schools.” “I challenge all our schools to teach character education, to teach good values and good citizenship,” Bill Clinton said during his State of the Union address in 1996, a few months before he won reelection. “And if it means that teenagers will stop killing each other over designer jackets, then our public schools should be able to require their students to wear uniforms.” Before the mid-’90s, school uniforms in America were primarily worn by parochial school students and private school students — which is another way to say rich kids. Those private schools were, and are, tony institutions with history and sizable tuitions, where appearances are everything. We conjure images of Dead Poets Society and their V-neck sweaters and School Ties and their ties. Whether intentionally or not, private school uniforms denote socioeconomic status, just as standard public school uniforms — i.e., plain polos and pants — do. More students qualify for free or reduced-price lunch (the gauge for poverty among school-aged kids) in uniform schools than those in non-uniform schools, which means that uniformed public schoolers tend to be poorer than their non-uniformed counterparts. In Chicago, 81 percent of schools with uniform policies hold student populations that are over 80 percent low income, and 80 percent hold student populations that are over 80 percent black or Hispanic. The origins of the public school uniform can be traced back to 16th-century England. As sociologist David L. Brunsma details in his 2004 book The School Uniform Movement and What It Tells Us About American Education, uniforms worn by children at the time were “designed to emphasize the lower status of the children who wore them — the charity children.” Later, the British education system would use school uniforms to quash individuality among the working class. “The unstated message was: ‘You are a mass, you are the same, you will take your rightful place among the working mass in the industrial machine.’” Subscribe to the Racked Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. It would take another 150 years or so before widespread use of uniforms in American public schools would be on the table, but the backstory there is not to be overlooked either. Brunsma goes on to lay out a concise timeline of the American school uniform policy in public education, from idea to implementation. First came A Nation at Risk, a 1983 report published by President Reagan’s special commission on education that introduced the concept of “educational crisis” to the American public. As Brunsma references, “this report, in its most famous line (which would be cited hundreds of times in the ensuing press coverage as well as from the bully pulpit of the presidency) stated that, ‘the educational foundations of our society are presently being eroded by a rising tide of mediocrity that threatens our very future as a nation and a people.’” According to the federal government, education needed to be fixed — through more rigorous school testing, through more dedicated school funding, and through more attention paid to mitigating school violence and bolstering discipline. Enter: the introduction of strict dress codes. Cherry Hill Elementary in Baltimore became the first public school to adopt a school uniform policy, in 1987, and in doing so kicked off the city’s “School Uniform Project.” (The city’s public schools, which are more than 80 percent black and nearly 65 percent low income, are now almost exclusively uniform schools.) Other schools across the US followed. But it wasn’t until California’s Long Beach Unified School District mandated a uniform policy in all of the district’s K-8 schools in 1994 — in a region where over half of students were Hispanic or black — that the country took note, largely because President Clinton made their site-specific policy a national, stump-worthy story. President Clinton greets uniformed students from Jackie Robinson Academy, a public school in Long Beach, California, in February 1996. Photo: Cynthia Johnson/The Life Images Collection/Getty Images The month after Clinton’s 1996 State of the Union address, the Department of Education issued its Manual on School Uniforms to, as Brunsma puts it, “the nation’s 16,000 school districts advising them how they could legally enforce a school uniform policy.” Clinton continued to weave the narrative surrounding school uniforms into speeches on the campaign trail, largely crediting Hillary Clinton with the idea that requiring kids to dress identically would reduce violent incidents. Long Beach, he noted, had seen overall school crime decrease by 36 percent after the policy took effect. The youth violence Clinton spoke about was a coded reference to gang culture — which in the Clinton era meant perceived association with so-called “urban” criminal activity, including not just violence, but the selling and using of drugs, too. “Gang membership intensifies delinquent behavior,” reads a 1998 bulletin from the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention. It’s an oversimplification to argue that black and Latino communities were characterized as America’s “toughest neighborhoods” because the most visible ’90s gangs were either primarily black (like Chicago’s Vice Lords) or Latino (like Chicago’s Latin Kings); it’s far more critical to acknowledge that increased economic inequality and rampant racial profiling amid the escalating War on Drugs meant that communities that were targeted by law enforcement and policy makers were black, Latino, and poor. High-profile national stories about kids killing one another over Air Jordans further contributed to the simplistic narrative that brand insignias and team logos were merely tools for gang recruitment. According to the federal government, education needed to be fixed. Gang structures have changed substantially since. Gangs now, particularly in Chicago, are largely unaffiliated factions far less organized than in years past, the changes in their dynamics creating, according to the Chicago Tribune, “an anything-goes atmosphere on the streets.” Gang violence accounted for almost half of all homicides in Chicago between 2009 and 2012, and recent data put gang membership at about 850,000 nationally, close to the number estimated in 1996 despite dips in the tally in the years between. For many schools, though, gang affiliation isn’t an impetus for the establishment of school uniform policies. While the Clintons’ rationale in the ’90s hinged on threats of crime for wanted items, the reality today is that most schools adopt uniform policies to prevent bullying over clothing that’s perceived as “less than.” Crumbling roofs. Busted intercom systems. Overcrowded classrooms. Each month, the Chicago School Board hears an airing of grievances in its beige, windowless meeting room from aldermen, parents, and students throughout the school district. At March’s meeting, a mom addresses the board in Spanish, and a translator follows: “You promise a lot, but nothing’s been done.” It’s not just the abundance of uniforms in public school that makes Chicago the quintessential city to consider uniforms’ use and value — the school system’s failings also lend context to uniforms’ criticisms. Chicago Public Schools, as you may have heard by way of Chance the Rapper’s recent $1 million donation and “call to action,” are in crisis. The state of Illinois has gone more than two years without a budget, and in December Gov. Bruce Rauner vetoed a $215 million funding bill, a decision that precipitated the board of education’s decision to freeze $46 million in school spending. During Chance’s March press conference at Wescott Elementary School, which came after a frustrating conversation with Rauner, he addressed the governor directly: “Governor Rauner, do your job!” Among the students enrolled in CPS, 37.7 percent are black and 46.5 percent are Hispanic. So when the school board sued the state of Illinois in February, it didn’t just accuse the governor of negligence — it alleged what CPS CEO Forrest Claypool called “overt racial discrimination.” Though uniforms are meant to be an inexpensive alternative, following uniform protocol comes with significant costs. “The governor says he’s trying to fix a broken system and he may very well be,” said Claypool at the March school board meeting, after citing the grim plausibility of eliminated schooldays, class materials, and after-school programs, all threats of the state’s legislation (or lack thereof). “But there’s another broken system that he refuses to fix, and that he has made much worse: a separate and unequal system of funding education that treats CPS children, 90 percent [people] of color, as second-class citizens, relegated, in the elegant words of the lawsuit filed against him, to the back of the school-funding bus.” In Chicago, one in three children lives in poverty; 81 percent of public school students qualify for free or reduced lunch. While what’s happening when it comes to education and economic disparity in Chicago is, in many ways, specific to Chicago, it’s also indicative of the state of urban centers all over the country. Over half of students in the US qualify as low-income, and nearly half qualify for free or reduced lunch nationwide. Uniforms present an affordable clothing option, particularly for low-income families. Chains from Walmart and Target to The Children’s Place and Land’s End all offer standard uniforms at varying price points. In 2008, Target became the official school uniform provider for public elementary schools in Chicago, selling uniforms at a discount on a coupon system and providing free uniforms for several thousand homeless children within CPS. And then there are the local businesses. Schools Are Us has been selling school uniforms to Chicago kids for 22 years. It’s a small space, out on West 111th street in Mount Greenwood — almost as far as you can go on the Far Southwest Side without crossing over into the suburbs. “It’s a great location,” says the woman behind the counter. “Everyone knows we’re here.” Schools Are Us has one of the best reputations in the city, selling uniforms meant to last, measuring kids on-site, and offering alterations. There’s a line out of the door for the entire month of August, aka “the busy season.” Shoppers must take a number. In March, though, the shop is empty at 3 p.m. Shelves are lined with stacks of folded khakis and navy pants in plastic, ranging from $20 to $27 on the higher end and $16 to $20 on the lower end. White and baby blue polos are kept in plastic too, priced at $14.50 across the board. There’s also an array of Catholic school uniforms — jumpers, skirts, red ties — and even the tiniest Catholic school jumpers for American Girl dolls. Arione Giaves, 17, poses in her Rowe Clark Math and Science Academy uniform. Shakiya Horne, 16, wears a uniform for Chicago’s North Lawndale College Prep. Though uniforms are meant to be an inexpensive alternative, following uniform protocol comes with significant costs, largely because schools too often discipline students for being out of uniform without taking into account why they might be. The issue of laundry comes up often; many families do not have laundry machines in their buildings. Many parents work two jobs. Many have more than one child. It adds up. “Imagine if I had to go three blocks to the laundromat,” says Toni Irving, executive director of nonprofit Get IN Chicago. “And have the coins and so forth and tow it in the middle of everything else that you need to get accomplished in a given day or week. And to think that that can be a funnel for suspension, obviously, is problematic.” Sandra Sosa, a restorative justice manager at Alternatives Youth, one of Get IN’s grantee programs, has seen this situation play out firsthand countless times. “Coming to school without their uniform was not deliberate to ruin the day of the principal,” she says. “But more like, ‘Hey, maybe my parents haven't done the laundry, I don't have money, I can't do the laundry myself.’ And so why hold them responsible for something that's really outside of what they can do?” There’s a myriad more reasons why students might be out of uniform: Maybe they grew out of something and their parents can’t afford to buy the next size up. Maybe they lost an item and are afraid to tell their parents. If students say they “forgot” their uniform, chances are there’s more to it than that. Not all schools discipline students for uniform-related infractions. CPS teachers Ali Levin, Lora Shimkus, and Julia DaSilva all have extra uniform pieces on hand to keep their kids out of trouble. Levin has a set of ties that she lets students borrow for the day. Shimkus has a drawer full of extra clothes that she’ll take home and wash, or sometimes give to kids who need them. DaSilva says that her kids’ sweaters are cheaply made and rip easily; she’ll grab extras she finds in the faculty lounge to replace their tattered and torn ones. “Uniform policy, I’m behind it 100 percent,” says Adam Alonso, executive director of BUILD (Broader Urban Involvement & Leadership Development), a nonprofit serving at-risk youth in Chicago’s West and South Sides. BUILD anchors in schools and communities with high unemployment, high prevalence of violence, and low educational attainment; these are communities, says Alonso, that are in distress. BUILD will sometimes buy uniforms for families struggling to keep up. CPS student Tyshaun Jones, center, plays basketball at the BUILD after-school program on Chicago’s West Side. A member of BUILD’s staff points to a brick building visible outside the conference room window that marks a known corner for drug deals. A stretch of dry lawn separates it from Block 51, BUILD’s after-school location in Chicago’s Austin neighborhood. With its lavender walls and student-created art exhibits, it’s a safe haven. There’s pressure for kids to fit in no matter where they live, but that pressure is heightened in poorer communities where the income gap between those communities and the surrounding areas can be more striking. “I like having a level playing field,” says Alonso. “Everyone is in their khakis and their school uniform shirt. Keep it simple.” Teachers, by and large, agree. “They're not focusing on those kinds of surface things,” says Shimkus, an eighth grade teacher on the Southwest Side. This is her 25th year teaching in Chicago Public Schools. She knows from experience how important style is for kids and teens, and how much appearance factors into self-esteem. Eliminating clothing from the equation is, she says, “just one less thing.” Levin, a fourth grade teacher in a charter school on the West Side, adds that dressing as if they’re going to work — dress shoes, ties, and all — helps her kids focus on learning. “Our kids look like little professionals,” she says. “They're really taking education as a serious thing, and they're fit for the job.” Levin hasn’t seen any bullying over uniforms in her three years teaching. “If anything, kids are sharing each other's ties, trying to keep them from getting in trouble for not having their uniforms.” “I like having a level playing field. Everyone is in their khakis and their school uniform shirt. Keep it simple.” One less thing for kids to pick on, the pro stance goes, and one less thing for parents to worry about. Though mom Hugette has mixed feelings about uniforms in public school, she recognizes that the policy is easier for parents. “You buy a bunch of white shirts and navy pants, it simplifies the morning dressing process. I do like that part about it. They basically know what they're going to wear, and Steven can dress himself.” But he can’t necessarily dress like himself. Shanesia Davis’s 7-year-old daughter voices frustration, her mom says, at not being allowed to gussy up her plain CPS outfit with different colors or accessories, like her recently purchased sparkly glitter shoes. “She likes to wear dresses. She likes purple. Well, the uniforms are navy and white. You can’t wear bows or anything where you can express your individuality, and that’s frustrating to her because sometimes she wants to be herself.” BUILD’s Alonso hears plenty of complaints from kids at Block 51 about uniforms: “Mostly that they hate uniforms, that they wish they could dress the way they want to and show off their style. And the biggest audience is obviously walking into school where you’ve got hundreds of kids, so of course you want people to see who you are and your individuality.” Childhood and adolescence are key periods of identify formation and development. It’s no wonder, then, that many kids feel stifled by the limited wardrobe and the inability to experiment with style at school. Shanesia, meanwhile, voices frustration about rules that she feels are not grounded in reality. “When they get to the point of, not only do you have to wear uniforms, but we’re going to tell you when you can wear certain shoes — to me, that’s crossing the line.” Kids may wear snow or rain boots if they walk to her daughter’s Beverly neighborhood school, but are forbidden from doing so if they’re dropped off. “I said absolutely not. We live in Chicago. My child wears the uniforms to a T. You are not about to dictate to me what kind of boots and shoes my child can wear to school in inclement weather.” Some schools’ uniform policies extend to the shoes and accessories kids can wear. CPS itself has zero say over whether or not a school chooses to enact a uniform policy, and perhaps more startlingly, neither do the schools themselves. This is left to local school councils, or LSCs. Each school in Chicago has one. While members of the city’s school board are not elected, but instead appointed by the mayor — the subject of a common gripe in the city — parent and community representatives are elected to LSCs, which also consist of the principal, two teachers, and, for high schools, one student. Out-of-uniform days, when kids can wear whatever they want, are “a huge reward at our school,” says Levin. She and her fellow teachers distribute tokens to students demonstrating school values; if students get 12 tokens by the school-selected out-of-uniform day, they’re able to dress as they please. “I give them out pretty generously. Unless a kid is really actively trying to not get them, I would say for the most part, the majority of students do get them.” Fifth grader Kenneth’s school operates on a similar motivation-theory policy. “You basically just have to follow directions and behave to earn a pass,” he says with a kind of shrug. Kenneth’s worn school uniforms for his entire educational career; the rules and rewards are second nature to him. At Shimkus’s school, out-of-uniform days are a fundraiser operated by the school’s LSC, with students paying one dollar for the privilege every other Friday. Do uniforms actually work? Do these rules make a difference? Reports over the past two decades have found that school uniforms yield no proven academic benefit, that it’s difficult to separate causation when it comes to disciplinary improvements since uniform policies usually overlap with other reform efforts, and that there's been no dip in perception of gangs on campus among students. Besides, dictating kids’ dress doesn’t even begin to tackle the socioeconomic root of the issue. To overlook the income disparity component, say experts, is to both sidestep the primary cause of widespread violence and overemphasize such behavior. Precious Griffin laughs while listening to music with Rickia Rhodes, right, at BUILD. “I never like talking about education unless we're going to talk about all the other things that affect it,” says Kelly Hurst, executive director of Being Black at School, a nonprofit seeking to remedy inequity in education for black students. She lists those other things: high unemployment rates, low-paying jobs, neighborhoods lacking grocery stores (and thereby creating food deserts), neighborhoods lacking banks (thereby leaving fee-laden currency exchanges as the only withdrawal and deposit options), poor quality of health, poor economic development in communities. There’s another thing that too many children aren’t getting from the grownups in charge, and it’s not something you can ascribe a statistic to; it’s a mindset, an outlook that adults with authority bring to their interactions with kids. “We need to change the way we look at students, at young people,” says Alternatives’ Sosa. “Period.” Sosa shares the belief that uniform policies feed into the further marginalization of youth in poor neighborhoods. “If uniforms are also the way administrators and teachers say, ‘It’s so that we don't have any gang representation in schools,’ you're still assuming and making a stereotype that all youth are in gangs, or that that is something to be expected.” It should go without saying that kids will find other reasons besides clothing to antagonize one another. While school uniforms remove one bullying prompt, teachers and parents agree that uniforms will never be a panacea, and it’s no doubt unfair to assume as much. “We need to change the way we look at students, at young people. Period.” “It cuts that form of bullying down, as far as their appearance and what they wear and what they can afford,” says eighth grade teacher Shimkus. “But there's still that social element. The clothing isn't the focus, but there are other things that they still pick on each other about.” Fights are pretty commonplace in Kenneth’s fifth grade class. “They fight almost every other day at school. The kids don’t like each other. They don’t get along,” he says. Sometimes the fights are physical. Sometimes the fights are verbal. Sometimes they involve profanity. “Sometimes it gets so out of hand that they have to have security come into the room.” Kenneth ignores it when that happens; it’s too frequent of an occurrence to pay it any mind. Kenneth’s school uses an off-duty police officer as a security guard. Other schools utilize an even stronger police presence. Alternatives Youth, which brings youth development programs and behavioral health services to Chicago’s public schools in underserved communities, works directly with police officers stationed in schools with the aim of improving those interactions. “Many schools function like a separate police station,” says Alternatives’ Kirsten Rokke, director of resource development. “They have the ability to book and process students while they’re at school without even leaving the building.” School Resource Officers, or SROs, have existed in schools nationwide since the 1950s, but their numbers have increased. Don’t bother checking with the National Association of School Resource Officers for the current stat — “Nobody knows how many SROs there are,” reads the site’s FAQ, though it shares a 2015 Department of Education report stating that 30 percent of schools participating in the survey had at least one SRO. Baltimore School District, on the other hand, has its own police department, the Baltimore School Police. Hurst spent 15 years in Springfield, Illinois’s public school system, first as a teacher and then as an administrator, in six different schools. During that time, she became increasingly aware of the disproportionate disciplining of black and Latino students over white students. Penalizing sagging pants, for instance, disproportionately affects black males. Hurst also observed how white students were removed from classrooms for visible behavior, like hitting another student, while black and Latino students were often sent to the principal’s office for invisible transgressions. Having an attitude. Acting insubordinately. Supposed “misconduct” that’s entirely subjective. “I tried bringing those issues up,” says Hurst. “And then I realized I was working in a racist system.” She raises the point that when Brown v. Board of Education integrated white schools, black schools were shuttered. In the 11 years after the landmark ruling, 38,000 black teachers and administrators lost their jobs. Today, 82 percent of teachers in the US are white. Dwajuan Dent, 15, wears a hoodie under his Michele Clark College Prep polo. Latee Smith, 16, in his Marshall High School uniform. American public schools are now facing rapid resegregation due to the ever-expanding wage gap alongside inequitable government policy and funding, with three-fourths of black and Latino students attending school in areas of concentrated poverty. The mental images some uniforms evoke are also not to be discounted. Hugette’s sons, for instance, wore khaki pants and navy blue shirts at the previous CPS school they attended. “I just didn’t like the combination,” she says. “I felt like the khakis were reminiscent of juvenile hall or something, or work pants.” Shanesia is even more direct. “Speaking for the young boys and the men: They go through this system, they come out, they get passed through because no one wants to deal with them, they hang out on the street, they become initiated into gangs and then they go from the school institution to the prison institution — and what are they wearing? Uniforms.” She lists a handful of the curricula missing from many kids’ educational experiences: arts programs that teach kids how to express themselves, home economics classes that teach kids how to save money and pay taxes, mentorship, basic literary skills. “I can’t tell you how many people I grew up with graduated high school and don’t know how to read,” she says. So when you tack a uniform policy onto an institution that might discipline you inequitably and fail to prepare you for adulthood, it’s not a far stretch to look at school as an unfeeling apparatus that mandates your clothing — and prison as the same. This is not a question of intention on the part of uniforms, or schools. It’s a matter of, in some cases, unintended effect. “I think there are some latent pieces of racism that go along with it,” says Hurst of uniform policies. “We [subconsciously] expect this militaristic, everyone-falls-in-line sort of modality that will carry over into the prison system. Which again, we in the education system are responsible for. We are responsible for disciplining kids disproportionately, or having police in the building that start to arrest children, and then they start to get points in the juvenile justice system, and then... I don't even have to draw the rest of the line. There it goes. There's our prison pipeline right there.” All uniforms are not created equal. There’s another uniform style, albeit one that’s somewhat novel in the sphere of affordable education. Think of it as the prep or boarding school approach, but one that carries a unique meaning for the community it serves. It’s the jacket and tie — in public school. Urban Prep Academies is a charter school network, primarily funded by CPS, operating on three campuses in three underserved Chicago neighborhoods with concentrated violence and concentrated poverty: Englewood, Bronzeville, and the Near West Side. The school reports an 85 percent poverty rate. And its student population consists solely of young black men. “Education is the key to economic empowerment and advancement for any population.” “As a black man, I had seen throughout my entire life this lack of innovation ideas around what society should be doing in order to positively impact this population,” says Urban Prep’s founder and CEO Tim King. “It seemed that many of the things that were happening in our city and our country really were geared as a tax on black males, not solutions to try to help black males, or at the very least treat black males with respect, dignity, equity, and fairness.” The first location opened in 2006, the second in 2009, and the third in 2010, “laser focused,” as King puts it, on serving young black men. “Education is the key to economic empowerment and advancement for any population,” he adds. “So I thought, okay, we'll create this program that's going to be focused on this population around education, it's going to improve the education outcomes, get more black men into college, get more black men with college degrees in tough communities. That's going to have a positive, long-term impact on those communities, on our city and our country.” Every graduating class at Urban Prep has seen a 100 percent college acceptance rate, though that is just one battle won; many students face further challenges once they enter higher education. On April 27, all 230 graduating seniors donned baseball caps to announce their chosen colleges at Urban Prep’s annual senior ceremony, Signing Day, held in Daley Plaza. Urban Prep puts a lot of stock into ceremony, particularly when it comes to dress. The uniform consists of khaki slacks, white shirt, black or brown shoes, black or brown belt, black blazers bearing the Urban Prep crest, and a red uniform tie — the blazers and ties are issued to students by the school. Freshmen are presented with their blazers in a special ceremony called Convocation that, despite its name, kicks off the start of their educational careers at Urban Prep. Students of the week are gifted gold ties throughout the school year for demonstrating outstanding work in and out of class. And when seniors are accepted to college, they get to replace their red ties with red and gold striped ties during an assembly called On to the Next. “I mean, you'd think we were giving them a check for a million dollars,” laughs King. “They want these red and gold ties, they aspire to getting these red and gold ties, they put pressure on their classmates, ‘Man why don't you have your red and gold tie? You know Urban Prep get into college!’ That's a real positive kind of peer pressure that happens.” Urban Prep students in their uniforms — including seniors’ signature striped ties — and college baseball caps on Signing Day last year. Photo: Urban Prep King was just as intentional with Urban Prep’s uniforms as he was with its population and communities served. He believed that his students’ self-esteem would be enhanced by dressing up, and that dressing up would encourage them to approach school as seriously as if it were their jobs — pretty standard reasons for uniforms, especially when it comes to prep schools. But there was something more. “Our students, being young black men, are going to be treated a certain way simply based on the way they look,” he says. “I knew from personal experience that if we change what they're wearing, that that would have a positive impact on the way people treated them. “There's an African proverb: If you want the dance to change, you have to change the music. I wanted the dance to change for these young black men, so I knew I had to change the music, and that meant creating an environment which was unlike anything that they had experienced before. And part of that environment was creating a school where you had to wear a jacket and a tie every day.” Those ceremonies, celebrating blazers and ties and more ties, seem to imbue the garments with a sort of magic power. Families cheer and cry and snap photos with iPads and phones at Convocation — before a single exam is taken or essay written. Students covet the gold ties, and collect them as if they were trophies. Urban Prep’s slogan is “We Believe,” and the magic might just be that these young men, perhaps for the first time, believe in themselves. “The blazer is like Superman's cape or something.” Dashawn Cribbs graduated from Urban Prep Englewood Campus last year; he’s now a freshman at Georgetown University. “The blazer changed me, and it changed me for the better,” he says, adding that his time at Urban Prep, and his time inside the Urban Prep blazer, instilled in him a confidence and work ethic he didn’t know before high school. “The blazer is like Superman's cape or something.” “It really is transformational,” says King. “It really changes the manner in which the world views them and the way they view themselves. And that is really rooted, quite simply, in some fabric. Some material.” But it is just fabric. It is just material. Can a uniform really carry that much weight? This past winter break, two Urban Prep West Campus students were shot and killed a week apart in East Garfield Park. Yuri Hardy, a 19-year-old senior, was shot while walking with teammates after a dance competition; Malik McNeese, a 16-year-old sophomore, was killed in a drive-by. Malik’s mother requested that he be buried in his Urban Prep uniform. A uniform can inspire pride — in your community, and in yourself. Only then can that transformational power King spoke of be achieved. “I had an identity,” says Cribbs of graduating from Urban Prep. “Before, I didn't really have an identity. It helped me become who I am. It made me be able to step into a room and say, ‘Hey, my name is Dashawn Cribbs. I am an Urban Prep alum.’” He speaks about his high school experience and everything about it that made his adolescence unique: that classmates refer to one another in and out of school as “brothers,” that students identify themselves in class by their last names (in Dashawn’s case, he went by “Mr. Cribbs”), that amid four moves in high school between his dad’s and his mom’s he was able to remain at the Englewood campus all four years. High school is, for many, the time when we “find” ourselves. For Dashawn, the clearest visual representation of his identity formation is that uniform. “It is very much an expression of who an Urban Prep man is,” says King. “One of the criticisms of uniforms is that it somehow keeps young people from being able to be creative, and being able to express themselves. But somehow the Urban Prep uniform is actually self expression.” A uniform doesn’t need to be a jacket and tie to accomplish that, though. A school uniform can be battle armor. It can also be an invisibility cloak, protecting against bullying. Or it can become a flashing target. Chase Ervin wears navy pants and a royal-blue polo bearing his school’s emblem as part of his uniform. The 14-year-old eighth grader lives on the West Side and attends BUILD’s after-school program. Recently, he placed in BUILD’s public-speaking contest and won $250 in scholarship money. On this particular day he’s changed out of his uniform into a neon-green T-shirt and jeans. He says when he’s out of his uniform, “It makes me feel more free. Because now I know that I ain’t got somebody watching over my shoulder.” But that doesn’t mean he loathes his uniform. He’s proud of it. “If somebody else sees me on the street, they know I go to this school rather than just thinking I'm an outsider, or that I don't go to school at all,” says Chase. “People always go about what you're wearing, or how you act.” He likes that the royal blue of his shirt distinguishes him as an eighth grader, no longer a little kid and less than a year away from high school. He likes that the emblem tells the world that he attends a STEM school. And he likes that when his class behaves well on a field trip, strangers think positively about his school. “We can actually show that our school is worth more than what people think because of the neighborhood we’re in,” says Chase. Does he feel like he has something to prove? Chase nods. “We can be more and we can exceed more than people’s expectations.” Is that important? “Especially, yes. Because I don’t want people always thinking, ‘Oh, he’s an African-American child, he’s growing up in this place, he’s not going to make it far in life.’” A school uniform can be battle armor. It can also be an invisibility cloak, protecting against bullying. Or it can become a flashing target — one more thing to discipline, one more way to deepen inequality. Intentionality and specificity are important. What’s the uniform’s purpose? What’s the uniform’s goal? It can motivate the student who wears it to bring their best self to school and forge an identity that will take that student beyond graduation — but only when that student feels supported, and knows the uniform has their back. Dashawn says that a common phrase heard in the halls of Urban Prep’s three campuses is “Respect the crest on your chest.” In that way, the blazer is a part of them, and a part of him. Stephie Grob Plante is a writer in Austin, Texas. Editor: Julia Rubin Copy editor: Emma Alpern Tech Amazon Wants to Dress You Longform The Grays of Our Lives Longform The Myth and Magic of California Style View all stories in Longform Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead How to Pitch All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Home About us The Beats Civil Rights Education Environment/Energy Health Criminal Justice Politics In-Depth Littwin Keefe Mailing list DONATE The Home Front: Your ‘organic’ milk might not be so organic. WaPo comes to Colorado to show you why. Your morning roundup of stories from the front pages of newspapers across Colorado Corey Hutchins May 03, 2017 Just In No Comments Most newspapers in Colorado carried stories today about the results of an investigation into a fatal home explosion in Firestone, which was caused by an uncapped, abandoned gas line. Read our full coverage on that here. As for what else made the Wednesday fronts across the state: “The High Plains dairy complex reflects the new scale of the U.S. organic industry: it is big. Stretching across miles of pastures and feedlots north of Greeley, Colorado, the complex is home to more than 15,000 cows, making it more than a hundred times the size of a typical organic herd,” reports The Washington Post, re-printed in The Denver Post. “It is the main facility of Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that produces enough milk to supply the house brands of Walmart, Costco, and other major retailers. “We take great pride in our commitment to organic, and in our ability to meet the rigorous criteria of the USDA organic regulations,” Aurora advertises. But a closer look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the USDA uses to ensure that ‘organic’ food is really organic.” “A felony drug and weapon possession case was dismissed in court last week at the request of the 10th Judicial District Attorney’s Office after it was discovered that a Pueblo police officer reportedly reenacted body camera footage of a search of the defendant’s car after the initial search of the vehicle had already been conducted,” reports The Pueblo Chieftain. “The case involved [a 36-year-old man] who was facing charges of possession with intent to manufacture or distribute a controlled substance, possession of a controlled substance, possession of a weapon by a previous offender and special offender; all felony charges.” Text messages revealed what the officer had done. “Greeley will pay $225,000 to the man injured in October 2015 when a retired Greeley police officer struck him with his unmarked police car,” reports The Greeley Tribune. “Jerry Hill suffered numerous injuries, including to both shoulders, knees and his head, when he was hit Oct. 20, 2015, in the crosswalk at 9th Avenue and 10th Street. Steve Duus, who has since retired form the Greeley Police Department, eventually pleaded guilty to driving too fast for conditions and paid $181.50 in fines. The $225,000 settlement marks at least the third Greeley has paid out this year, totaling at least $725,000 for a variety of claims.” “A new annual report from the Garfield County coroner’s office shows that the number of accidental deaths in the county nearly doubled from 2015 to 2016,” reports The Glenwood Springs Post-Independent. “However, it’s difficult to call this or any other figures in the report a trend yet, said Robert Glassmire, Garfield County coroner, because the office wasn’t compiling these numbers prior to 2015, before his term in the office. But Glassmire hopes that tracking statistics about his office’s investigations will produce some valuable information in the future for public health, hospitals and budgetary projections. Garfield County saw an estimated 329 total deaths last year, and the coroner’s office investigated about 38 percent of those, or 126 deaths. All together, 229 deaths were reported to the office. The office performed 61 autopsies, which accounts for about 18 percent of all deaths.” “Longmont City Council members did not direct the city staff Tuesday night to study and review a proposal to protect undocumented immigrants by designating a Longmont to be a sanctuary city,” reports The Longmont Times-Call. “Instead, council members voted unanimously to approve a suggestion from Mayor Dennis Coombs that the city staff prepare a public presentation “on what our practices and policies are,” insofar as police and city employees’ dealings with undocumented immigrants. “And let us digest that information,” Coombs said. “U.S. Sen. Cory Gardner has introduced a bill that would authorize the move of the Bureau of Land Management’s headquarters to the West, as Gardner reiterated his view that Grand Junction would be the ideal location for the office,” reports The Grand Junction Daily Sentinel. “The Colorado Republican’s measure would require the Interior secretary to develop a strategy to move the headquarters from Washington, D.C., to a Western state “in a manner that will save the maximum amount of taxpayer money practicable.” The bill spells out that by Western state, it means Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Idaho, Montana, Nevada, New Mexico, Oregon, Utah, Washington or Wyoming. U.S. Rep. Scott Tipton, R-Colo., introduced a companion measure in the House.” “Becca Bleil has a fundamental beef with Colorado State University. A university that prides itself on being green should not slaughter animals on campus, no matter how noble the purpose, she said,” reports The Coloradoan in Fort Collins. “Bleil, a member of the animal rights club on campus, began a petition through change.org to protest a small animal harvesting facility included in the $20 million JBS Global Food Innovation Center planned to open on CSU’s Fort Collins campus in 2018.” “Extended business hours might help explain why Steamboat Springs’ three marijuana stores had record sales in March,” reports The Steamboat Pilot & Today. “Stores began extending their hours Feb. 17, which means March was the first full month they were allowed to be open 8 a.m. to 10 p.m. “We were really surprised by the number of people we got in here after 7 p.m.,” Golden Leaf manager Paige O’Brien said. “Loveland City Council members on Tuesday voted to spend as much as $500,000 of their special projects fund as a matching grant to the Food Bank for Larimer County,” reports The Loveland Reporter-Herald. “The City Council approved the request on April 18 for as much as $500,000 and almost $34,000 in fee waivers for the nonprofit’s purchase of a new warehouse facility — the former building of High Country Beverage. Council members approved the request on second reading 6-2 (Councilmen Dave Clark and Steve Olson voted against for the second time).” “Opting against an outright ban on ground-floor banks along Pearl Street downtown, the Boulder City Council instead decided to adopt a softer measure with a wider geographic scope,” reports The Boulder Daily Camera. “By an 8-1 vote on Tuesday night, with Bob Yates representing the lone voice of dissent, the council passed on second reading an ordinance that requires any banks seeking to locate downtown to undergo a special use review. This plan will apply not just to Pearl Street between Ninth and 18th streets — the stretch affected by the temporary bank ban approved in February — but rather to three different downtown zoning districts that include portions of Canyon Boulevard, Walnut Street and Spruce Street.” “Durango business owners upset with panhandlers ‘who are impacting the safety, charm and allure of our community’ have come up with some creative – and potentially unconstitutional – ideas for dealing with the problem,” reports The Durango Herald. “According to a survey circulated last week by the Business Improvement District, ideas to combat panhandling include more police in downtown Durango, informing panhandlers of community resources available to assist them, recruiting volunteers to work in opposition to panhandlers and bringing back no-loitering laws.” “Jenny Cristelli said she didn’t know about the silver toy gun that was pointed at her daughter’s head until she came home from school,” reports The Cañon City Daily Record. “This incident might have played a role in the Cañon City School Board’s decision not to renew Harrison K-8 School Principal John Pavlicek’s contract, according to district emails obtained by the Daily Record through a Colorado Open Records Act request. In recent weeks, a flood of parents and educators have come forward in support of Pavlicek, who said he was pressured into submitting a letter of resignation. At an April 24 school board meeting — where the board decided not to renew Pavlicek’s contract — a crowd of supporters shouted chants of “recall” at board members and yelled questions.” The Gazette continues its series about legalized marijuana with an installment about how Pueblo is becoming the Napa Valley of weed.   Colorado front pages Colorado news colorado newspapers The Home Front Like this story? Steal it! Feel free to republish it in part or in full, just please give credit to The Colorado Independent and add a link to the original. Got a tip? Story pitch? Send us an e-mail. Follow The Colorado Independent on Twitter. Like this article? Share it! Twitter Facebook Google Reddit Tumblr Email More StumbleUpon LinkedIn Pinterest Pocket Print About the Author Corey Hutchins is a journalist in Colorado, and Columbia Journalism Review's Rocky Mountain correspondent for the United States Project. Related Posts The Home Front: Anonymous racist letter sent to Colorado family: You’re ‘in Trump’s country now’ The Home Front: Of course someone in Colorado sells free-range bison pot jerky The Home Front: A Colorado jail guard assaulted an inmate. Now he’s going to jail for it. The Home Front: Investigators confirm probe into gas well near house explosion Leave a Response Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Name* Email* Website Notify me of new posts by email. "Small Media, Big News" - Founded, 2006. Born again, 2013. Search THE HOME FRONT Today's front pages from across Colorado WIRETAP Must-reads from around the web DONATE What people are reading FRACTURED: Showdown in Boulder County Cause of Colorado home explosion: Uncapped, abandoned line, ‘fugitive gas’ Unaffiliated? You can vote in Colorado’s 2018 party primaries. But should the party you choose be public information? Fact-checking Trump’s Antiquities Act order EVENT: People’s Climate March this Saturday KGNU Community Radio Hear headlines from The Indy every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 2:55 pm KEEP IN TOUCH Just In Environmentalists differ on bill to speed closing of coal plants Hickenlooper on Firestone: “We’re going to reevaluate our entire inspection process” Businessman outsider— and Romney nephew— joins Colorado’s GOP governor’s race Anti-rolling coal bill on its way to governor The Home Front: Your ‘organic’ milk might not be so organic. WaPo comes to Colorado to show you why. Cause of Colorado home explosion: Uncapped, abandoned line, ‘fugitive gas’ FRACTURED: Roughneck politics The wine industry’s battle with climate change The Home Front: Anonymous racist letter sent to Colorado family: You’re ‘in Trump’s country now’ Lawmakers pull provider fee bill back from the brink, negotiations continue Unaffiliated? You can vote in Colorado’s 2018 party primaries. But should the party you choose be public information? ‘Moderate’ Colorado Democrat Noel Ginsburg is running for governor. Here’s what that means. FRACTURED: Showdown in Boulder County Provider fee deal falling apart, rural schools say “leave us out.” Wiretap: Trump guarantees pre-existing conditions will be covered, but he can’t say how The Home Front: Of course someone in Colorado sells free-range bison pot jerky Four of Colorado’s top climate scientists on grief, activism and hope. Littwin: After 100 days, it’s not all Trump’s fault (just mostly) The Home Front: A Colorado jail guard assaulted an inmate. Now he’s going to jail for it. A bill to close a dark-money loophole dies in Colorado scroll Read More EVENTS EVENT: People’s Climate March this Saturday Environmental groups and social-, racial- and economic justice groups will be marching for climate action this Saturday in Denver and 11 other cities in Colorado. […] Read More Indy reporter Marianne Goodland talks statehouse politics on KMGH TWITTER Tweets by @COindependent THE BLOGS Businessman outsider— and Romney nephew— joins Colorado’s GOP governor’s race As a sprawling field of Republicans lays the groundwork— and begins to file official paperwork— for a potential run for governor in 2018, a man […] Read More FACEBOOK Our Mission To serve the needs of readers and communities throughout Colorado according to this simple, meaningful idea: The only bias we have is for good journalism. We take the role of journalism as a public trust seriously. The goal is to make impact, to inspire action by moving readers on important issues with stories that provide missing context, unearth buried facts and amplify unheard voices. Categories Civil Rights Criminal Justice Education Environment/Energy Health Politics Information About us DONATE Contact Us Privacy Policy Board of Directors Home About us The Beats In-Depth Littwin Keefe Mailing list DONATE Photo Credit: Denver Public Library; Western History Collection; L C. McClure; MCC-1824; Site Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Active participation of Pakistani Army in killings and mutilation: Government To crack down on loan defaulters, Govt clears new ordinance Govt admits Aadhaar data leak, critics cite ‘civil liberties’ An Islamic State Diary: ‘Pakistan like Iraq, history will repeat...’ An elopement, a murder, shadow of Hindu Vahini rattles UP village Home Technology Tech News Orbital Insight raises $50 Million to track economies from space Orbital Insight raises $50 Million to track economies from space Orbital Insight Inc., the startup betting on using big-data analysis of satellite imagery to give investors a more accurate view of the global economy. By: Bloomberg | Published:May 3, 2017 7:45 pm Falling satellite launch costs are helping make geospatial imagery a bigger and better source for economists and investors to track everything. (Orbital Insight website Source: Screenshot) Orbital Insight Inc., the startup betting on using big-data analysis of satellite imagery to give investors a more accurate and timely view of the global economy, raised $50 million from US and Japanese investors to bring its total funding to $78.7 million. The Series C funding was led by Sequoia Capital, one of Silicon Valley’s top venture capital firms, and additional investors included Geodesic Capital and Japan’s Itochu Corp., Orbital said in a statement Tuesday. The four-year-old company’s valuation wasn’t disclosed. The fresh capital will be used to expand its partnerships, increase its analytics products, and build bigger international sales operations in Europe and Asia, Orbital said. The Mountain View, California-based company founded by former NASA scientist and Google engineer James Crawford also will step up recruiting in engineering, data science and design. Falling satellite launch costs are helping make geospatial imagery a bigger and better source for economists and investors tracking everything from China’s manufacturing to the number of cars parked outside Wal-Mart stores. Venture capital investment in space companies jumped to a record nearly $1.4 billion last year, bringing the total since 2000 to $13.3 billion, Goldman Sachs Group Inc. said in a report last month. ‘Spy-Movie Stuff’ “I’d met with a lot of satellite and rocket launch companies prior to our investment in Orbital. One of the things I didn’t see was the big data, machine learning piece,” said Sequoia partner Bill Coughran, who formerly worked with Crawford at Google. “There’s a big change taking place. That old spy-movie stuff where you have people hovering over an image will go away, with computers doing a lot of the work.” Envision Ventures, Intellectus Partners, and Balyasny Asset Management also participated in the Series C investment, Orbital said. Orbital has received past funding from Bloomberg Beta, a venture-capital unit of Bloomberg LP. The company has also teamed up with World Bank researchers to help better identify areas of extreme poverty. (Orbital Insight Website, Source: Screenshot) Orbital buys satellite and drone imagery from commercial providers including Airbus SE, DigitalGlobe Inc. and Planet Labs Inc., then uses advanced image processing and machine learning algorithms to track trends visible in cars, farms, and buildings. Customers include financial firms, US government agencies and non-profit organizations. Geodesic invested in Orbital after working with it to assess the Japanese market, according to Nate Mitchell, a partner at the Foster City, California, firm, which has a Tokyo subsidiary. Japanese banks, insurers, retailers, manufacturers, and tech companies are looking to space imagery for better understanding of daily business and broader market forces, Mitchell said. Oil Tanks Last year, Orbital calculated from photos showing the depth of shadows cast by floating lids of giant oil tanks in China that the world’s largest energy consumer may have stored more crude than official government estimates. The company has also teamed up with World Bank researchers to help better identify areas of extreme poverty. Analysts see the space business beginning a broader transformation, led by companies like Elon Musk’s Space Exploration Technologies Corp. and Amazon.com Inc. founder Jeff Bezos’s Blue Origin LLC. Commercial space will be a multi-trillion dollar industry within two decades, Goldman Sachs analysts led by Noah Poponak in New York said in an April 4 research report. “The second Space Age has begun, and the forces of innovation and disruption are overtaking formerly stagnant industries,” they wrote. “We are witnessing an inflection point in the significance of the space economy, where it becomes central in providing Internet access and basic services to more than half the world’s population, compounding growth.” For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Orbital Insight Inc No Comments. Best of Express Bilkis Bano gangrape case: Bombay HC upholds life term for 11, rejects CBI plea for death penalty EntertainmentBaahubali 2 box office collection day 6: Film beats Dangal lifetime collection, grosses over Rs 700 crore worldwide EntertainmentActor and comedian Sunil Grover brings back the 'comedy family', but not on The Kapil Sharma Show EntertainmentFawad Khan's intimate photoshoot with wife Sadaf will make you forget all that he has done onscreen so far EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna celebrates 'trophy husband' Akshay Kumar as he says 'I deserve this award' Must Read SportsIPL 2017, KKR v RPS: Giant Killer SportsIndo-Pak sporting ties freeze over SportsChampions Trophy pullout threat gains momentum TechnologyGoogle Docs phishing scam is spreading fast: Here's what you need to know TechnologyOppo F3 with dual front camera setup to launch in India today: All we know so far TechnologyGoogle Pixel, Pixel XL get Rs 13,000 cashback offer: Report LifestyleAre Baahubali saris the next big thing? Women flaunt jumbo prints of movie posters May 04: Latest News Lybia: Rocket kills three in eastern city of Benghazi, causes panic UFC creates fourth weight class for women, adding 125-pounders No cause for alarm about Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip after royal staff called to meeting: source Humans must leave Earth in 100 years to survive: Stephen Hawking Australian mother who killed eight children avoids charges                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Real Estate Market Sees Increase in Sales Volume NEW YORK, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — National Association of Realtors (NAR) in a recent report indicated that existing-home sales took off in March to their highest pace in over 10 years. Severe supply shortages resulted in typical homes coming off the market significantly faster than in February and a year ago. Only the West saw a decline in sales activity in March. As for commercial real estate, NAR’s most recent quarterly report indicates that commercial real estate in small cap markets continued on a divergent path with sales volume accelerating during the fourth quarter of 2016. Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTC: HIHI), ACRE Realty Investors Inc. (NYSE: AIII), Walter Investment Management Corp. (NYSE: WAC), Grow Condos Inc. (OTC: GRWC), Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE: HOV). Lawrence Yun, NAR Chief Economist, says existing sales roared back in March and were led by hefty gains in the Northeast and Midwest. „The early returns so far this spring buying season look very promising as a rising number of households dipped their toes into the market and were successfully able to close on a home last month,” he said. „Although finding available properties to buy continues to be a strenuous task for many buyers, there was enough of a monthly increase in listings in March for sales to muster a strong gain. Sales will go up as long as inventory does.” Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTC: HIHI) is a development stage company operating in the land development sector of the market. Yesterday the company said that it is in negotiations with the largest realtor in the Northwest Arkansas Metro (NWA) to identify and negotiate the acquisition of income producing properties in booming NWA. NWA is the third fastest growing metro in the U.S. fueled by the global corporate giants headquartered there including Walmart, Tyson Foods, J.B. Hunt Transportation, and the cultural presence of the University of Arkansas and Crystal Bridges Art Center. Gene Thompson, CEO of Holiday Island Holdings says, „We are pleased to make this announcement as the NWA offers sustainable high growth and returns in one of the most affluent metros in the U.S. This development expands our opportunity to add high yield commercial income producing properties to the Company, and develop residential property revenues with the sale of Holiday Island properties as second homes as the NWA Metro is 30 miles from Holiday Island.” The Company’s main goals for 2017 are to finalize a multi-million dollar fund raise and become a significant player in local commercial and residential markets at Holiday Island, Arkansas. ACRE Realty Investors Inc. (NYSE: AIII) is a commercial real estate investment and operating company focused on commercial real estate investments. The company currently owns one remaining legacy property, a tract of land totaling 38 acres, which is held for sale as of December 31, 2016. The sale of the property is expected to close during the second quarter of 2017, subject to an extension option and certain closing conditions. Walter Investment Management Corp. (NYSE: WAC) is a diversified mortgage banking firm focused primarily on the servicing and origination of residential loans, including reverse loans. On January 4, 2017, the company announced that it has executed a Stock Purchase Agreement („SPA”) pursuant to which Walter has agreed to sell 100% of the stock of its indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary, GTI Holdings Corp. („GTIH”), which is the holding company of Walter’s primary licensed insurance agency, Green Tree Insurance Agency, Inc., to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Assurant, Inc. („Assurant”), for a purchase price of $125.0 million in cash, subject to adjustment as specified in the SPA.  Grow Condos Inc. (OTCQB: GRWC) is a real estate purchaser, developer and manager of specific use industrial properties providing ‚condo’ style turn-key grow facilities to support the cannabis industry. The company owns, leases, sells and manages multi-tenant properties. Recently, the company provided update to investors on the recent acquisition closing of Lake Selmac Resort & RV Park, and the development of its evolving strategy in Lake Selma, Oregon. After completing the acquisition, the company believes that the Smoke on the Water business presents a unique separate business model and being entirely ripe for a ‚roll-up’ acquisition play within the RV and Campground industry. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE: HOV) is one of the nation’s largest homebuilders with operations in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington, D.C. and West Virginia. The company is one of the nation’s largest builders of active lifestyle communities. On March 8th the leading national homebuilder, reported results for its fiscal first quarter ended January 31, 2017. „Given the liquidity constraints we faced last year, we are pleased with our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. From October 15, 2015 through May 15, 2016, we paid off $320 million of maturing debt, which limited our ability to invest in land during fiscal 2016. As we began fiscal 2017, we were in a much improved liquidity position with a beginning cash balance of $340 million. We used $31 million to retire $39 million face value of debt maturing in 2017 and 2019. Furthermore, we spent $190 million on land and land development in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, which was more than we had spent in any quarter last year. As a result, after reporting decreases in owned lots last year, during the first quarter the number of owned lots increased sequentially,” stated Ara K. Hovnanian, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please Sign Up now at http://www.FinancialBuzz.com to receive alerts on trending Financial News from all these companies. „The Latest Buzz in Financial News” Subscribe Now! Watch us report from NYSE https://www.youtube.com/FinancialBuzzMedia Follow us on Twitter for real time Financial News Updates: https://twitter.com/financialbuzz Follow and talk to us on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/financialbuzz Facebook Like Us to receive live feeds: https://www.facebook.com/Financialbuzz/ About FinancialBuzz.com  FinancialBuzz.com, a leading financial news informational web portal designed to provide the latest trends in Market News, Investing News, Personal Finance, Politics, Entertainment, in-depth broadcasts on Stock News, Market Analysis and Company Interviews. A pioneer in the financially driven digital space, video production and integration of social media, FinancialBuzz.com creates 100% unique original content. FinancialBuzz.com also provides financial news PR dissemination, branding, marketing and advertising for third parties for corporate news and original content through our unique media platform that includes Newswire Delivery, Digital Advertising, Social Media Relations, Video Production, Broadcasting, and Financial Publications. Please Note: FinancialBuzz.com is not a financial advisory or advisor, investment advisor or broker-dealer and do not undertake any activities that would require such registration. The information provided on http://www.FinancialBuzz.com (the „Site”) is either original financial news or paid advertisements provided [exclusively] by our affiliates (sponsored content), FinancialBuzz.com, a financial news media and marketing firm enters into media buys or service agreements with the companies which are the subject to the articles posted on the Site or other editorials for advertising such companies. Financialbuzz.com has not been compensated directly by any of the companies mentioned here in this editorial. We are not an independent news media provider and therefore do not represent or warrant that the information posted on the Site is accurate, unbiased or complete. FinancialBuzz.com receives fees for producing and presenting high quality and sophisticated content on FinancialBuzz.com along with other financial news PR media services. FinancialBuzz.com does not offer any personal opinions or bias commentary as we purely incorporate public market information along with financial and corporate news. FinancialBuzz.com only aggregates or regurgitates financial or corporate news through our unique financial newswire and media platform. For this release, FinancialBuzz.com has been compensated three thousand dollars for financial news dissemination and pr services by a third party non affiliate for holiday island holdings, inc. Our fees may be either a flat cash sum or negotiated number of securities of the companies featured on this editorial or site, or a combination thereof. The securities are commonly paid in segments, of which a portion is received upon engagement and the balance is paid on or near the conclusion of the engagement. FinancialBuzz.com will always disclose any compensation in securities or cash payments for financial news PR advertising. FinancialBuzz.com does not undertake to update any of the information on the editorial or Site or continue to post information about any companies the information contained herein is not intended to be used as the basis for investment decisions and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation. The information contained herein is not an offer or solicitation to buy, hold or sell any security. FinancialBuzz.com, members and affiliates are not responsible for any gains or losses that result from the opinions expressed on this editorial or Site, company profiles, quotations or in other materials or presentations that it publishes electronically or in print. Investors accept full responsibility for any and all of their investment decisions based on their own independent research and evaluation of their own investment goals, risk tolerance, and financial condition. FinancialBuzz.com. By accessing this editorial and website and any pages thereof, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time. None of the content issued by FinancialBuzz.com constitutes a recommendation for any investor to purchase, hold or sell any particular security, pursue a particular investment strategy or that any security is suitable for any investor. This publication is provided by FinancialBuzz.com. Each investor is solely responsible for determining whether a particular security or investment strategy is suitable based on their objectives, other securities holdings, financial situation needs, and tax status. You agree to consult with your investment advisor, tax and legal consultant before making any investment decisions. We make no representations as to the completeness, accuracy or timeless of the material provided. All materials are subject to change without notice. Information is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed. For our full disclaimer, disclosure and Terms of Use, please visit: http://www.financialbuzz.com For further information: Media Contact: info@financialbuzz.com +1-877-601-1879 URL: http://www.FinancialBuzz.com SOURCE FinancialBuzz.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automated Storage and Retrieval Systems Market Size to Grow to 8.04% CAGR to 2021 Next PostNext Dr. Harry Rathore Appointed Callery Corporation’s CEO Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Real Estate Market Sees Increase in Sales Volume FinancialBuzz.com News Commentary NEW YORK, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- National Association of Realtors (NAR) in a recent report indicated that existing-home sales took off in March to their highest pace in over 10 years. Severe supply shortages resulted in typical homes coming off the market significantly faster than in February and a year ago. Only the West saw a decline in sales activity in March. As for commercial real estate, NAR's most recent quarterly report indicates that commercial real estate in small cap markets continued on a divergent path with sales volume accelerating during the fourth quarter of 2016. Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTC: HIHI), ACRE Realty Investors Inc. (NYSE: AIII), Walter Investment Management Corp. (NYSE: WAC), Grow Condos Inc. (OTC: GRWC), Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE: HOV). Lawrence Yun, NAR Chief Economist, says existing sales roared back in March and were led by hefty gains in the Northeast and Midwest. "The early returns so far this spring buying season look very promising as a rising number of households dipped their toes into the market and were successfully able to close on a home last month," he said. "Although finding available properties to buy continues to be a strenuous task for many buyers, there was enough of a monthly increase in listings in March for sales to muster a strong gain. Sales will go up as long as inventory does." Holiday Island Holdings, Inc. (OTC: HIHI) is a development stage company operating in the land development sector of the market. Yesterday the company said that it is in negotiations with the largest realtor in the Northwest Arkansas Metro (NWA) to identify and negotiate the acquisition of income producing properties in booming NWA. NWA is the third fastest growing metro in the U.S. fueled by the global corporate giants headquartered there including Walmart, Tyson Foods, J.B. Hunt Transportation, and the cultural presence of the University of Arkansas and Crystal Bridges Art Center. Gene Thompson, CEO of Holiday Island Holdings says, "We are pleased to make this announcement as the NWA offers sustainable high growth and returns in one of the most affluent metros in the U.S. This development expands our opportunity to add high yield commercial income producing properties to the Company, and develop residential property revenues with the sale of Holiday Island properties as second homes as the NWA Metro is 30 miles from Holiday Island." The Company's main goals for 2017 are to finalize a multi-million dollar fund raise and become a significant player in local commercial and residential markets at Holiday Island, Arkansas. ACRE Realty Investors Inc. (NYSE: AIII) is a commercial real estate investment and operating company focused on commercial real estate investments. The company currently owns one remaining legacy property, a tract of land totaling 38 acres, which is held for sale as of December 31, 2016. The sale of the property is expected to close during the second quarter of 2017, subject to an extension option and certain closing conditions. Walter Investment Management Corp. (NYSE: WAC) is a diversified mortgage banking firm focused primarily on the servicing and origination of residential loans, including reverse loans. On January 4, 2017, the company announced that it has executed a Stock Purchase Agreement ("SPA") pursuant to which Walter has agreed to sell 100% of the stock of its indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary, GTI Holdings Corp. ("GTIH"), which is the holding company of Walter's primary licensed insurance agency, Green Tree Insurance Agency, Inc., to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Assurant, Inc. ("Assurant"), for a purchase price of $125.0 million in cash, subject to adjustment as specified in the SPA.  Grow Condos Inc. (OTCQB: GRWC) is a real estate purchaser, developer and manager of specific use industrial properties providing 'condo' style turn-key grow facilities to support the cannabis industry. The company owns, leases, sells and manages multi-tenant properties. Recently, the company provided update to investors on the recent acquisition closing of Lake Selmac Resort & RV Park, and the development of its evolving strategy in Lake Selma, Oregon. After completing the acquisition, the company believes that the Smoke on the Water business presents a unique separate business model and being entirely ripe for a 'roll-up' acquisition play within the RV and Campground industry. Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc. (NYSE: HOV) is one of the nation's largest homebuilders with operations in Arizona, California, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Maryland, New Jersey, Ohio, Pennsylvania, South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Washington, D.C. and West Virginia. The company is one of the nation's largest builders of active lifestyle communities. On March 8th the leading national homebuilder, reported results for its fiscal first quarter ended January 31, 2017. "Given the liquidity constraints we faced last year, we are pleased with our results for the first quarter of fiscal 2017. From October 15, 2015 through May 15, 2016, we paid off $320 million of maturing debt, which limited our ability to invest in land during fiscal 2016. As we began fiscal 2017, we were in a much improved liquidity position with a beginning cash balance of $340 million. We used $31 million to retire $39 million face value of debt maturing in 2017 and 2019. Furthermore, we spent $190 million on land and land development in the first quarter of fiscal 2017, which was more than we had spent in any quarter last year. As a result, after reporting decreases in owned lots last year, during the first quarter the number of owned lots increased sequentially," stated Ara K. Hovnanian, Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer. Please Sign Up now at http://www.FinancialBuzz.com to receive alerts on trending Financial News from all these companies. "The Latest Buzz in Financial News" Subscribe Now! Watch us report from NYSE https://www.youtube.com/FinancialBuzzMedia Follow us on Twitter for real time Financial News Updates: https://twitter.com/financialbuzz Follow and talk to us on Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/financialbuzz Facebook Like Us to receive live feeds: https://www.facebook.com/Financialbuzz/ About FinancialBuzz.com  FinancialBuzz.com, a leading financial news informational web portal designed to provide the latest trends in Market News, Investing News, Personal Finance, Politics, Entertainment, in-depth broadcasts on Stock News, Market Analysis and Company Interviews. A pioneer in the financially driven digital space, video production and integration of social media, FinancialBuzz.com creates 100% unique original content. FinancialBuzz.com also provides financial news PR dissemination, branding, marketing and advertising for third parties for corporate news and original content through our unique media platform that includes Newswire Delivery, Digital Advertising, Social Media Relations, Video Production, Broadcasting, and Financial Publications. Please Note: FinancialBuzz.com is not a financial advisory or advisor, investment advisor or broker-dealer and do not undertake any activities that would require such registration. The information provided on http://www.FinancialBuzz.com (the "Site") is either original financial news or paid advertisements provided [exclusively] by our affiliates (sponsored content), FinancialBuzz.com, a financial news media and marketing firm enters into media buys or service agreements with the companies which are the subject to the articles posted on the Site or other editorials for advertising such companies. Financialbuzz.com has not been compensated directly by any of the companies mentioned here in this editorial. We are not an independent news media provider and therefore do not represent or warrant that the information posted on the Site is accurate, unbiased or complete. FinancialBuzz.com receives fees for producing and presenting high quality and sophisticated content on FinancialBuzz.com along with other financial news PR media services. FinancialBuzz.com does not offer any personal opinions or bias commentary as we purely incorporate public market information along with financial and corporate news. FinancialBuzz.com only aggregates or regurgitates financial or corporate news through our unique financial newswire and media platform. For this release, FinancialBuzz.com has been compensated three thousand dollars for financial news dissemination and pr services by a third party non affiliate for holiday island holdings, inc. Our fees may be either a flat cash sum or negotiated number of securities of the companies featured on this editorial or site, or a combination thereof. The securities are commonly paid in segments, of which a portion is received upon engagement and the balance is paid on or near the conclusion of the engagement. FinancialBuzz.com will always disclose any compensation in securities or cash payments for financial news PR advertising. FinancialBuzz.com does not undertake to update any of the information on the editorial or Site or continue to post information about any companies the information contained herein is not intended to be used as the basis for investment decisions and should not be considered as investment advice or a recommendation. The information contained herein is not an offer or solicitation to buy, hold or sell any security. FinancialBuzz.com, members and affiliates are not responsible for any gains or losses that result from the opinions expressed on this editorial or Site, company profiles, quotations or in other materials or presentations that it publishes electronically or in print. Investors accept full responsibility for any and all of their investment decisions based on their own independent research and evaluation of their own investment goals, risk tolerance, and financial condition. FinancialBuzz.com. By accessing this editorial and website and any pages thereof, you agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, as may be amended from time to time. None of the content issued by FinancialBuzz.com constitutes a recommendation for any investor to purchase, hold or sell any particular security, pursue a particular investment strategy or that any security is suitable for any investor. This publication is provided by FinancialBuzz.com. Each investor is solely responsible for determining whether a particular security or investment strategy is suitable based on their objectives, other securities holdings, financial situation needs, and tax status. You agree to consult with your investment advisor, tax and legal consultant before making any investment decisions. We make no representations as to the completeness, accuracy or timeless of the material provided. All materials are subject to change without notice. Information is obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but its accuracy and completeness are not guaranteed. For our full disclaimer, disclosure and Terms of Use, please visit: http://www.financialbuzz.com For further information: Media Contact: info@financialbuzz.com +1-877-601-1879 URL: http://www.FinancialBuzz.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Commercial Real Estate, Construction/Building, Investments Opinions, Real Estate, Residential Real Estate Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Four Finalists Selected in MidSouth Construction’s Free Roof Give-Away Next PostNext In Celebration of Moms, BRIO Offers Seasonal, Chef-Inspired Features on May 13 & 14, Mother’s Day Weekend Search Recent Posts Securus Associate Honored as Bronze Award Winner in 2017 American Business Awards U.S. Army Veteran Launches VOSB and HUBZone Certified Agency, Serrano Media Group AG Mortgage Investment Trust, Inc. Reports First Quarter 2017 Results MULTIMEDIA UPDATE – Baby Trend Achieves Finalist Status in the JPMA Innovation Awards for Respiro Mattress KoreConX Co-Founder & CEO Oscar Jofre to Keynote at Lima Fintech 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Hot Topics: Christopher Lawyer Boulder skier found dead 'Not allowed in building' Cause of Firestone explosion CU Boulder South plans News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Lafayette approves commercial project near Nine Mile Corner Lafayette Promenade to join rash of projects along traffic-burdened intersection By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   05/02/2017 09:54:08 PM MDT Updated:   05/02/2017 09:59:18 PM MDT Lafayette's City Council on Tuesday night ushered forward plans for a commercial project that had been scheduled to break ground last summer, advancing it to join a cluster of development near the traffic-burdened U.S. 287 and Arapahoe Road intersection. Lafayette Promenade will join the city's SILO Subdivision housing development and Erie's Nine Mile Corner project — the development at the center of Lafayette's 22-acre condemnation lawsuit last year — across the street. Council also approved site plans for one the development's first tenants, Tractor Supply. The retailer — which sells pet supplies, animal feed, power tools and lawn and garden products — will fill one of the medium-box sites planned for the property north of Walmart. It is being developed by Alabama-based Hix Snedeker Companies. The Tractor Supply proposal is scheduled to be 21,930 square feet and will be focused on the sale of farm/ranch equipment and maintenance, animal feed and lawn and garden equipment, according to previous reports. The plan also includes merchandise within a fenced outdoor display area on the south side of the building, a trailer display area on the north side of the building and an outdoor display area near the building entrance similar to what is found at the nearby Walmart, Lafayette officials said Tuesday. Advertisement "The bottom line is that people shop with their pocketbooks and have more to say with what succeeds or fails than anything we can think up in our offices," Lafayette City Manager Gary Klaphake said in response to fellow council members' concerns over the choice of tenant. Lafayette officials announced they would appeal a Boulder County judge's decision to dismiss the lawsuit in February, finding "no public purpose" in the suit, which would have preempted Erie's plans to bring a Lowe's and a competing King Soopers on the two towns' neighboring borders. Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Makeshift emergency homeless shelter possible at East Boulder Community Center Colorado paying $280 a week for 'sexually violent predator' to live at Boulder homeless shelter Boulder's Arapahoe Campus staff members file workers' compensation claims over air quality   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Girls soccer: Depleted Dawson falls flat against The Academy Mustangs fall for second time this season LAFAYETTE - Perhaps it is better that it hit down the home stretch of the regular season, rather than during the playoffs, but the recurring illness that has weakened the Dawson School girls soccer team over the past several weeks is bordering on ridiculous. Full Story Baseball: Colorado Academy upends Peak to Peak Boys lacrosse: Fairview hangs on to beat rival Boulder Girls soccer: Teams jockeying for position in the final week of the season Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Windy with rain likely. High 51F. Winds N at 25 to 35 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near an inch.. Tonight Windy with periods of rain. Low 46F. Winds N at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Rainfall near a half an inch. Winds could occasionally gust over 40 mph. Updated: May 4, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Metro Close 1 of 53 Crews watched floodwaters creep onto the shoulder of Interstate 55 near Meramec Bottom Road on Wednesday morning, May 3, 2017. They expect to close all lanes between Butler Hill Road and Highway 141. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes of the Post-Dispatch. Buy Now David Carson Traffic flows freely on Interstate 55 as floodwater from the Meramec River creeps up on the road surface on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Official announced today that they will be forced to close the the highway early Wednesday because rising floodwater is expected spill into the highway. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson A boat carrying sandbags moves down South Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Traffic flows freely on Interstate 55 as floodwater from the Meramec River creeps up on the road surface on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Official announced today that they will be forced to close the the highway early Wednesday because rising floodwater is expected spill into the highway. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Volunteers fill sandbags on North Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River creeps up South Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River swamps homes in Pacific on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwaters from a rising Meramec River are held back by the levee surrounding Valley Park on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Barb Neels, 78, looks out her front door at the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riveside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015, when the waters filled her basement. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Barb Neels, 78, looks over her sandbags at the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riveside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015, when the waters filled her basement. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A Welcome to Fenton sign has the rising waters of the Meramec River almost touching in old town Fenton on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. All of the businesses along Old Gravois near the river are underwater. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Terry McKenna (left) gets help from friends Joe Maurath and Larry Heinemann to place more sandbags around the basement of his home on Park Meadow Drive to stop the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. A creek in the back of McKenna's home is backing up from the Meramec. Maurath is an alderman in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes John Tosti (left) owner of Tosti's Transmission can only watch with his friend Joe Maurath as the rising waters of the Meramec River creep up the sides of his business on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in old town Fenton. Tosti said he has owned the business for the past 31 years and had recently finished remodeling inside from the last flood in 2015. Maurath is an alderman in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Mike Raeber checks the level of the rising waters from the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as it approached his sandbags. Raeber lives on Park Meadow Drive. A creek that runs behind his house was backing up from the Meramec. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes The quickly rising waters of the Meramec River were hitting the bottom of the bridge on Old Gravois on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in old town Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A sandbag wall was not enough to keep the rising waters of the Meramec River away from the Animal Hospital on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. The hospital had recently been remodeled after it was damaged in the flood of 2015. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River swamps homes in Pacific on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Interstate 44 is covered by floodwater in both directions at the intersection of Highway 141 in St. Louis County on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River surrounds a home off of Riverside Farm Drive near Eureka, Mo. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Floodwaters from the Meramec River cover Interstate 44 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. This view is looking westbound from the intersection of I-44 and Highway 141. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters higher at the intersection of I-44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The flooding stopped the highway construction in the background that will add new lanes to the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push floodwaters higher around businesses, such as this scrap metal business at the intersection of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Highway workers stand next to the flooded lanes of Highway 141 at Interstate 44 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, as the Meramec River continues to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The unfinished flyover lanes are surrounded by flood waters from the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The new lanes are supposed to ease congestion at the intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141, but will do nothing to prevent the intersection from flooding. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A family of geese swims on what normally is the Riverside Golf Course on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as the waters from the nearby Meramec River continue to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A highway sign is surrounded by debris on the exit ramp of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, as the waters of the Meramec River continue to cascade down the exit ramp into the flooded intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A view of the flooded intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, from the top floor of the Drury Inn in Valley Park. The flooded Meramec River has shut down all traffic at the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters close to the bottom of the bridge deck of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A man walks his baby past the flooded waters on Smizer Mill Road on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in unincorporated St. Louis county. The flooded Meramec River has pushed covered the roads near Meramec Station Road along I-44. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Water boils out of the storm drains at the intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park from the rising Meramec River. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Larkin-Williams Road is flooded next to Fenton Park and the Riverside Golf Course on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as the nearby waters of the Meramec River continue to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters higher at the intersection of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The flooding stopped the highway construction in the background that will add new lanes to the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Barb Neels, 78, looks at the rising water of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riverside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015. Behind her is her son, Darryl Davidson. Many neighbor volunteers helped sandbag around Neels home. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Homeowner Tom Bell, 71, (center) takes a break from sandbagging and flood preparation with his friends Jerry Geolat (left) and Stan Erlinger on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Bell lives on Riverside drive, across from the flooded Riverside Golf Course. Bell is hoping that he is better prepared than he was in 2015 when the Meramec River did a great deal of damage to his home. Bell was told that the 2015 flood was a 500 year flood. He never thought he would have to go through this again. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A woman looks out at the high water surrounding Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, from the top floor of the Drury Inn. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Homeowner Tom Bell, 71, (left) and his friend Stan Erlinger take a break from sandbagging and flood preparation on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Bell lives on Riverside Drive, across from the flooded Riverside Golf Course. Bell is hoping that he is better prepared than he was in 2015 when the Meramec River did a great deal of damage to his home. Bell was told that the 2015 flood was a 500 year flood. He never thought he would have to go through this again. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Golf carts from the Riverside Golf course are parked on high ground as geese swim on one of the fairways on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. The golf course is next to the Meramec River. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Cristina M. Fletes A view of Interstate 44, looking west from Geyer Road, at about 8 a.m. on Tuesday, May, 2017. Westbound I-44 traffic is being re-routed west of Interstate 270 due to fooding. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses and homes near Pacific Station Plaza on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Tobie Deslo pretends to be a damsel in distress so her boyfriend, Jamie Null, would carry her to higher ground in Pacific on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Deslo lives on South Columbus Street. Deslo's home and her neighbor's were completely surrounded by water Tuesday. "Well, they said my house did not take in any water in 2015," Deslo said. "We keep walking back and forth to check." Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along East Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses and homes near Pacific Station Plaza on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now "I spent last year doing this, too," said Pacific resident Jason Faszold, who sandbagged around the Pacific Library on West St. Louis Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Faszold's parents own the historic building which was the original home of Wolf Hardware. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Dallas Cullen, 14, takes a much needed break to visit with friends and family after sandbagging most of Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along E. Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along E. Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Family and friends helped Ken Schlepper (beard) sandbag the outside of his soon be open restaurant along E. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. The businesses are concerned that if flash flooding occurs later in the week, the backwash might flood the street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Trucks carrying sandbags and volunteers drive down W. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Trucks carrying sandbags and volunteers drive down W. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "We just wanted to take a break from sandbagging to see the water," said John Holmes (left) who drove his buddies Zach Rennich and Michael Robinson around on his make-shift train on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, near the flooded Pacific Station Plaza in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "We just wanted to take a break from sandbagging to see the water," said John Holmes (left) who drove his buddies Zach Rennich and Michael Robinson around on his make-shift train on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, near the flooded Pacific Station Plaza in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Family and friends helped Ken Schlepper (beard) sandbag the outside of his soon be open restaurant along E. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. The businesses are concerned that if flash flooding occurs later in the week, the backwash might flood the street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Nicole Baue and her wife, Amber Baue, residents of Pacific, awaken in the American Red Cross shelter at the Tri County Community Senior Center in Pacific on Wednesday, May 3, 2017. "We hadn't slept in two days," said Nicole Baue. "Our bodies just gave in," said Amber Baue. Though the couple lives in a second-floor apartment, they expect it to be water-damaged when they return. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com topical With 'no good alternate routes,' road closures cutting off Jefferson County From staff reports 17 hrs ago (…) Crews watched floodwaters creep onto the shoulder of Interstate 55 near Meramec Bottom Road on Wednesday morning, May 3, 2017. They expect to close all lanes between Butler Hill Road and Highway 141. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes of the Post-Dispatch. Buy Now David Carson Traffic flows freely on Interstate 55 as floodwater from the Meramec River creeps up on the road surface on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Official announced today that they will be forced to close the the highway early Wednesday because rising floodwater is expected spill into the highway. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson A boat carrying sandbags moves down South Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Traffic flows freely on Interstate 55 as floodwater from the Meramec River creeps up on the road surface on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Official announced today that they will be forced to close the the highway early Wednesday because rising floodwater is expected spill into the highway. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Volunteers fill sandbags on North Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River creeps up South Central Avenue in Eureka on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. As the floodwater from the Meramec River approached a record crest the sandbags protecting business appeared to be holding back the water. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River swamps homes in Pacific on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwaters from a rising Meramec River are held back by the levee surrounding Valley Park on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Barb Neels, 78, looks out her front door at the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riveside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015, when the waters filled her basement. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Barb Neels, 78, looks over her sandbags at the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riveside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015, when the waters filled her basement. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A Welcome to Fenton sign has the rising waters of the Meramec River almost touching in old town Fenton on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. All of the businesses along Old Gravois near the river are underwater. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Terry McKenna (left) gets help from friends Joe Maurath and Larry Heinemann to place more sandbags around the basement of his home on Park Meadow Drive to stop the rising waters of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. A creek in the back of McKenna's home is backing up from the Meramec. Maurath is an alderman in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes John Tosti (left) owner of Tosti's Transmission can only watch with his friend Joe Maurath as the rising waters of the Meramec River creep up the sides of his business on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in old town Fenton. Tosti said he has owned the business for the past 31 years and had recently finished remodeling inside from the last flood in 2015. Maurath is an alderman in Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Mike Raeber checks the level of the rising waters from the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as it approached his sandbags. Raeber lives on Park Meadow Drive. A creek that runs behind his house was backing up from the Meramec. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes The quickly rising waters of the Meramec River were hitting the bottom of the bridge on Old Gravois on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in old town Fenton. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A sandbag wall was not enough to keep the rising waters of the Meramec River away from the Animal Hospital on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. The hospital had recently been remodeled after it was damaged in the flood of 2015. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River swamps homes in Pacific on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Interstate 44 is covered by floodwater in both directions at the intersection of Highway 141 in St. Louis County on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Buy Now David Carson Floodwater from the Meramec River surrounds a home off of Riverside Farm Drive near Eureka, Mo. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Photo by David Carson, dcarson@post-dispatch.com Floodwaters from the Meramec River cover Interstate 44 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. This view is looking westbound from the intersection of I-44 and Highway 141. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters higher at the intersection of I-44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The flooding stopped the highway construction in the background that will add new lanes to the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push floodwaters higher around businesses, such as this scrap metal business at the intersection of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Highway workers stand next to the flooded lanes of Highway 141 at Interstate 44 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, as the Meramec River continues to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The unfinished flyover lanes are surrounded by flood waters from the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The new lanes are supposed to ease congestion at the intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141, but will do nothing to prevent the intersection from flooding. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A family of geese swims on what normally is the Riverside Golf Course on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as the waters from the nearby Meramec River continue to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A highway sign is surrounded by debris on the exit ramp of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, as the waters of the Meramec River continue to cascade down the exit ramp into the flooded intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A view of the flooded intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, from the top floor of the Drury Inn in Valley Park. The flooded Meramec River has shut down all traffic at the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters close to the bottom of the bridge deck of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes A man walks his baby past the flooded waters on Smizer Mill Road on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in unincorporated St. Louis county. The flooded Meramec River has pushed covered the roads near Meramec Station Road along I-44. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Water boils out of the storm drains at the intersection of Interstate 44 and Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park from the rising Meramec River. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Larkin-Williams Road is flooded next to Fenton Park and the Riverside Golf Course on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton, as the nearby waters of the Meramec River continue to rise. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com The Meramec River continues to rise and push flood waters higher at the intersection of Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park. The flooding stopped the highway construction in the background that will add new lanes to the intersection. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Barb Neels, 78, looks at the rising water of the Meramec River on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Neels has lived on Riverside Drive next to the Riverside Drive golf course for the past 55 years and has never seen flooding like this, except for the flood in 2015. Behind her is her son, Darryl Davidson. Many neighbor volunteers helped sandbag around Neels home. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com J.B. Forbes Homeowner Tom Bell, 71, (center) takes a break from sandbagging and flood preparation with his friends Jerry Geolat (left) and Stan Erlinger on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Bell lives on Riverside drive, across from the flooded Riverside Golf Course. Bell is hoping that he is better prepared than he was in 2015 when the Meramec River did a great deal of damage to his home. Bell was told that the 2015 flood was a 500 year flood. He never thought he would have to go through this again. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com A woman looks out at the high water surrounding Interstate 44 at Highway 141 on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Valley Park, from the top floor of the Drury Inn. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Homeowner Tom Bell, 71, (left) and his friend Stan Erlinger take a break from sandbagging and flood preparation on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. Bell lives on Riverside Drive, across from the flooded Riverside Golf Course. Bell is hoping that he is better prepared than he was in 2015 when the Meramec River did a great deal of damage to his home. Bell was told that the 2015 flood was a 500 year flood. He never thought he would have to go through this again. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Golf carts from the Riverside Golf course are parked on high ground as geese swim on one of the fairways on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Fenton. The golf course is next to the Meramec River. Photo by J.B. Forbes, jforbes@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses and homes near Pacific Station Plaza on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Tobie Deslo pretends to be a damsel in distress so her boyfriend, Jamie Null, would carry her to higher ground in Pacific on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Deslo lives on South Columbus Street. Deslo's home and her neighbor's were completely surrounded by water Tuesday. "Well, they said my house did not take in any water in 2015," Deslo said. "We keep walking back and forth to check." Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along East Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses and homes near Pacific Station Plaza on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now "I spent last year doing this, too," said Pacific resident Jason Faszold, who sandbagged around the Pacific Library on West St. Louis Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Faszold's parents own the historic building which was the original home of Wolf Hardware. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Dallas Cullen, 14, takes a much needed break to visit with friends and family after sandbagging most of Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along E. Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Rising waters from the Meramec River flooded businesses along E. Osage Street on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Family and friends helped Ken Schlepper (beard) sandbag the outside of his soon be open restaurant along E. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. The businesses are concerned that if flash flooding occurs later in the week, the backwash might flood the street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Trucks carrying sandbags and volunteers drive down W. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Trucks carrying sandbags and volunteers drive down W. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "We just wanted to take a break from sandbagging to see the water," said John Holmes (left) who drove his buddies Zach Rennich and Michael Robinson around on his make-shift train on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, near the flooded Pacific Station Plaza in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan "We just wanted to take a break from sandbagging to see the water," said John Holmes (left) who drove his buddies Zach Rennich and Michael Robinson around on his make-shift train on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, near the flooded Pacific Station Plaza in Pacific. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Laurie Skrivan Family and friends helped Ken Schlepper (beard) sandbag the outside of his soon be open restaurant along E. St. Louis St. on Tuesday, May 2, 2017, in Pacific. Hundreds of volunteers spent the day sandbagging businesses along St. Louis Street. The businesses are concerned that if flash flooding occurs later in the week, the backwash might flood the street. Pacific may see the Meramec crest about a foot short of the record level of 33.4 feet, set in 2015. Photo by Laurie Skrivan, lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Buy Now Nicole Baue and her wife, Amber Baue, residents of Pacific, awaken in the American Red Cross shelter at the Tri County Community Senior Center in Pacific on Wednesday, May 3, 2017. "We hadn't slept in two days," said Nicole Baue. "Our bodies just gave in," said Amber Baue. Though the couple lives in a second-floor apartment, they expect it to be water-damaged when they return. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com ARNOLD • The old adage “you can’t get there from here” may soon become the mantra of a large section of the St. Louis metro area, as flooding cuts off key routes between St. Louis and Jefferson counties. The expected closure of Interstate 55 Wednesday, and the possible closure of Lemay Ferry and Telegraph roads at some point, would sever untold numbers of employees from their jobs and lead school districts such as Lindbergh and Mehlville to close school Wednesday due to a crisis of staffing. Greg Horn, district engineer for the Missouri Department of Transportation, laid out the choice that faced residents on both sides of the Meramec River on Tuesday. “You all are going to have to decide what side of the river you want to be on before you go to bed tonight, because you’re not going to be able to go back and forth,” Horn said. The flooding has already crippled key traffic arteries, chief among them I-44 at Highway 141, which is expected to be underwater for days. Other closures, starting from the west, include Highway F south of Pacific and Highway 109 in Eureka at the river. But in those cases, alternative routes — albeit time-consuming ones — have remained available. That’s not the case as the arteries between Jefferson and St. Louis counties are closed, which also include Highway 30 (Gravois Road). “Alternate routes? There are really no good alternate routes,” Horn said. “Cape Girardeau is probably the closest way, so that’s a long way.” “This is a huge event, probably the biggest we’ve ever had,” Horn added. Residents in Arnold prepared for their pending isolation Tuesday afternoon, with grocery store parking lots bustling. Betty Hill, an Imperial resident, said she was coming to the Arnold Walmart to stock up on items, preparing to be stuck at home for a few days. Hill is retired, but she’s worried about her son having access to his machinist job across the river. He might have to miss work, she said. “In 2015 we were stuck on the highway for five hours,” Hill recalls of the flooding 16 months ago that briefly closed I-55. This time, Hill said, she and her family are not messing around. Students at National Academy of Beauty Arts started leaving about noon Tuesday, instructor Kelly Jennemann said. The beauty school is closing on Wednesday and possibly Thursday. Jennemann said it wasn’t worth the risk because most of the students come from the other side of the river. A manager at the Arnold Hotshots location said the flooding actually helped their business. In 2015, area businesses put their employees up in hotels, such as the Drury Inn in the same parking lot, and those people needed somewhere to eat. He said the bar and grill was putting its own waitresses up in hotels so they didn’t have to worry about getting stuck among road closures. Canceling classes The two largest school systems in south St. Louis County — Lindbergh and Mehlville — said opening schools Wednesday would simply be impossible, because of a lack of teachers, bus drivers and food service workers who live in Jefferson County. “With the closure of 55 and there being no way around the Meramec, we don’t have any other option,” said Beth Johnston, spokeswoman for Lindbergh Schools. Mehlville issued a similar statement: “While most of our families are not impacted, many of our employees live in Jefferson County and will be unable to get to school tomorrow. More than 20 percent of our employees reside in Jefferson County. Specifically, 22 bus routes would not have drivers. Our ability to transport kids to school, have meaningful instruction, serve meals and safely supervise students would be significantly compromised.” Some districts, such as Northwest, have also decided to close because they worry that students or parents may be unable to reach school or return home from school because of road closures. Northwest Superintendent Paul Ziegler also said having clean water for students was a concern. Northwest schools are currently relying on shipments of thousands of water bottles because flooding has complicated water utilities. The Rockwood School District — which had previously closed only select schools — announced it was canceling all classes Wednesday, partly because of staffing struggles. Valley Park and Fox are among the school systems that have previously closed. ‘We can’t really do much’ Hospitals near flooded areas — St. Anthony’s Medical Center, SSM St. Clare Hospital and Des Peres Hospital — are making accommodations for staff to stay overnight if they fear not being able to drive to or from their homes. For employees unable to make it to work, managers have made sure their shifts are covered, officials say. The hospitals are fully stocked with food, linens and medical supplies. “We know the drill,” said communications coordinator Joe Poelker with St. Anthony’s, speaking from experience with similar flooding in December 2015. The Bowles Avenue exit from Interstate 44 — the main route to St. Clare Hospital — remains open and is expected to remain open despite being in the closure area west of Interstate 270, hospital representative Stephanie Zoller said. Charles Wilken, the director of marketing at Fabick Cat in Fenton, said the company had already moved equipment to higher ground in anticipation of the rising floodwater. The company, which sells and services Caterpillar equipment, sits just west of the Meramec River but was mostly unscathed by the 2015 floods. “We’re going to stay open as long as we can,” Wilken said. Two miles west on Interstate 44, sales and marketing firm Maritz told its employees to work from home Tuesday and Wednesday unless they absolutely needed to come in for business. Maritz’s Fenton headquarters was still accessible, spokeswoman Jennifer Larsen said, but many if not most of the company’s employees didn’t work from the office Tuesday. Almost 1,800 people work at Maritz’s Fenton headquarters. At 84 Lumber in Arnold, managers are playing it by ear. The Arnold location has taken in a truck and materials from the Valley Park location, which co-manager Jarrett Halley said was flooded. But with the roads around them closed, making deliveries impossible, Halley said he was not really sure what the rest of the week would look like. “This absolutely affects our business,” he said. “If we can’t do deliveries, we can’t really do much.” He said enough employees lived close by that the shop would stay open. Slow going +52  Buy Now A view of Interstate 44, looking west from Geyer Road, at about 8 a.m. on Tuesday, May, 2017. Westbound I-44 traffic is being re-routed west of Interstate 270 due to fooding. Photo by Cristina M. Fletes, cfletes@post-dispatch.com Cristina M. Fletes Officials say that for the most part drivers were adapting to the detours Tuesday. Many drivers used Manchester Road (Highway 100) as an alternative to Interstate 44. Mark Diedrich, the St. Louis County emergency management agency director, said the morning’s commute was not as bad as feared. “I don’t think it was great, but I think people expected it and prepared for it,” Diedrich said. Officials had warned that it would be extremely slow going on Manchester, which even under normal times has a high traffic flow and can get tied up. MoDOT officials said the worst jams on Highway 100 occurred in a two-lane segment between Gray Summit and Highway T in the St. Albans area. East of there where the road has more lanes, Horn said, “it wasn’t good but wasn’t horrible.” MoDOT officials urged motorists on Manchester to avoid making left turns as much as possible. In an effort to keep traffic moving, they said, the duration of left turn signals on Manchester and streets crossing had been reduced. Authorities said it appeared drivers listened. Some area schools were closed, also helping keep some traffic of the road. The closures will probably last the week and quite possibly into the weekend. Even after water recedes, Horn said, roads and bridges have to be checked for damage and repaired if need be. For example, I-44 flooded near Lebanon, Mo., on Sunday. The water has largely receded, but there was significant damage to the pavement, and it may be the weekend before the interstate reopens. Utility woes The rising Meramec is disrupting operations for some water and sewer facilities, but other plants expect to have enough flood protection to avoid interruptions in service. Missouri American Water is planning to shut down one of its south St. Louis County treatment facilities on Wednesday morning, prompting utility officials to ask customers to limit water usage. “Our capacity is going to go down by about 10 percent, so we’re going to need people to conserve water,” said Missouri American spokesman Brian Russell. Metropolitan St. Louis Sewer District wastewater treatment facilities in Valley Park and Fenton are both threatened by floodwater, as well. But MSD representatives say protective barriers around each are expected to withstand the projected river crests. “We’re as prepared as we can be right now,” said MSD executive director and CEO Brian Hoelscher, adding that both Fenton and Grand Glaize in Valley Park were “under control.” The two treatment plants were overwhelmed by floodwater in late 2015. The Fenton plant was out of service until April, releasing raw sewage into the Meramec River for months. This time, Hoelscher said, forecasts gave the sewer district more time to build defenses around the treatment plants. “We learned from last time and we had a lot more warning,” he said. But the longer the crest lasts, the more risk there is that temporary sandbag and concrete barriers protecting them might fail, he cautioned. MSD has made some changes, Hoelscher said. For instance, electrical controls in Fenton have been raised so they are less likely to be damaged by flooding. Manholes and pipes where rainwater was seeping into the sewer system and backing up into the plant — a major contributor to its flooding in 2015 — have been repaired. MSD has applied for funds from the Federal Emergency Management Agency to help raise the Fenton plant’s levee by a few feet. It was already designed for so-called “500-year” flood protection. The utility has also received about 600 calls of water backups and has responded to roughly half of them, according to spokesman Sean Hadley. Amtrak service halted The flooding prompted Amtrak to suspend rail service across Missouri. Kristi Jamison, with MoDOT, said ticketed passengers for trips between St. Louis and Kansas City would be transported by bus. She said passengers should expect delays because buses would have to detour around flooded roads. Jamison said it was possible the tracks would reopen by Saturday but that would depend on whether more rain fell this week. Post-Dispatch reporters Bryce Gray, Ashley Jost, Kristen Taketa, Jacob Barker, Michele Munz and Mark Schlinkmann contributed to this report. Southbound I-55 closed and northbound to follow, but Telegraph and Lemay Ferry likely to stay open Keeping those two crossings open keeps Jefferson County from being completely cut off. More rain, school closures on tap for Thursday, as region ponders how high the Meramec will go Interstate 44 at Highway 141, expected to be closed through the week West Alton urges residents to leave as Missouri River rises The river is predicted to crest Thursday at 36.3, the exact height that the levee system is designed for, officials said. Six Flags St. Louis flooded? Nope, that's fake news Photo being shared is from a different state in 2009. Metro Live updates: More rain expected as rivers crest 16 hrs ago (…) A look at the latest news on flooding in the St. Louis area. Health officials issue precautions if exposed to flood water Flood waters and standing water pose several public health threats including infectious diseases, chemical hazards and injuries, health officials warn. Online Meramec River towns battle rising water May 2, 2017 (…) Regional Flooding in the area May 2, 2017 (…) More than 6 inches of rain fell in St. Louis City and parts of southern Missouri over the weekend. In the aftermath, three people have died an… Tags Flooding 2017 Jefferson County Arnold Lindbergh Schools Rockwood Schools Mehlville Schools Commerce Employee Company Highway Transports View (…) comments Most popular Baseball fan grazed by stray bullet during Cardinals game at Busch Stadium I-55 to close tonight at the Meramec, cutting off southern part of region, MoDOT says Overbuilt levees upstream reignite skepticism about ones near St. Louis New Meramec River forecasts show record or near-record crests coming in Eureka, Valley Park With 'no good alternate routes,' road closures cutting off Jefferson County Follow us Latest in section Gauen: Government gridlock hides in the difference between democracy and republic Toy gun that prompted SLU scare was class assignment Flooding wracks communities along the Meramec as more rain looms Thursday Mudslide closes road in Caseyville Baseball fan grazed by stray bullet during Cardinals game at Busch Stadium Quick links Aisha Sultan Bill McClellan Current Affairs Garage and estate sales Government pay Joe's St. Louis Kevin Horrigan Lottery Obituaries Pat Gauen Press releases Tony Messenger Traffic map Enter each week to win curb-appealing prizes! Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 18 5 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The Best Antivirus Software of 2017 Looking for anti-virus protection for your Windows machine? These are the best. Post to Facebook The Best Antivirus Software of 2017 Looking for anti-virus protection for your Windows machine? These are the best.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2qaU5dH {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 3 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Reviews Deals Electronics Home & Outdoors The Best Antivirus Software of 2017 Brendan Nystedt , Reviewed.com Published 12:36 p.m. ET April 27, 2017 | Updated 1:06 p.m. ET April 28, 2017 1.1k Shares The Best Antivirus Software of 2017  (Photo: Reviewed.com) — Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives. If you're looking for the best antivirus subscription for your Windows-based PC, we recommend Bitdefender Antivirus Plus. It's easy to use, affordable, didn't bog our system down, and it has been consistently rated among the most effective antivirus solutions by malware experts. Of the 20+ paid and free services we researched, it offered the best all-around protection for the money. That's important, because these days you have to watch out for more than just run-of-the-mill viruses. While common sense is still the best antidote to the most common online threats, things like ransomware, identity theft, phony tech support scams, and social engineering can cost you thousands of dollars. There's no subscription for common sense (unfortunately), but paid A/V suites often come with extras like password managers, tech support, and identity theft protection. Free utilities like Windows Defender (included with Windows 10) are a good option if you just want to scan for viruses, but for a more complete package, these are the best antivirus solutions right now. Bitdefender Antivirus Plus 2017 Best Overall   Our favorite paid antivirus software is Bitdefender Antivirus Plus. We've seen pricing as low as $19.99 per year for one computer, but a yearly subscription for three PCs costs just $59.99. That gets you enhanced ransomware protection, a secure password manager, and an onscreen keyboard designed to bypass keystroke logging software. When testing the virus functionality of the free version of Bitdefender, we were impressed by its no-nonsense interface and how quickly it scanned a PC for suspect files. Its protection bona fides are backed by AV-Comparatives, who named it as an Outstanding Product, and PC Magazine, who awarded it their Editors' Choice seal of approval. On top of these superlatives, it also was named as a Best Product by AV-Test, who gave it perfect marks in protection, usability, and performance. Where to Buy: $39.99 at Bitdefender Buy now at Amazon $32.65 at Walmart Microsoft Windows Defender Best Value   Why is a product that ostensibly costs $199 our "Best Value"? Because Windows Defender is already included with Windows, and that price is just if you want to upgrade to Windows 10 from an earlier version. Defender is a clean, no-nonsense virus scanner that you don't have to worry about. It runs in the background automatically and updates itself to protect against the latest threats. Microsoft even added improved ransomware protection last year, for both the OS and the Edge browser. Windows Defender  (Photo: Reviewed.com) While Windows Defender isn't the best-tested antivirus around, it's very lightweight, non-obtrusive, and...well...the price is right. Though many of the other suites we tested have free versions, Windows Defender won't bug you to upgrade all the time. Though Windows 7 and 8 still see security updates, Windows 10 is your best bet for a secure system thanks to Defender. Where to Buy: $199.99 at Microsoft Store Buy now at Amazon Avira Antivirus Pro While it looks a bit rough around the edges, Avira Antivirus is easy-to-use and well-designed. Though the free version lacks many features, the paid version gives you a lot more for your money. The real claim to fame? It won AV-Comparatives' coveted best-of-year award for 2016, and was also lauded by AV-Test as a Top Product. That said, it's more expensive than some of its competition, covering only one PC for its $45 yearly fee. The subscription option nets you additional ransomware protection along with features like USB device gatekeeping. We also found that its full scan took longer than others, although it didn't bog down our computer's overall system performance. Where to Buy: $44.99 at Avira Kaspersky Anti-Virus Kaspersky has been a trusted name in security software for years, and its latest anti-virus suite is as good as advertised. In our own testing, we found that it over-delivered, offering up a lot of customizability without feeling overly pushy or bogging our system down. Unfortunately, it's a bit pricey; there's no free version, and the cheapest option offers virus scanning and little else. That said, if you have multiple computers the $59.99 per year introductory option covers three machines, making it one of the better deals we came across in our research. It's a trusted name and it comes highly recommended (AV-Comparatives, PC Magazine, and AV-Test all give it high praise), but for single-system protection it's a bit too much. Where to Buy: $59.99 at Kaspersky $24.00 at Amazon Avast Pro Antivirus Avast's Antivirus protection is very popular, and it has earned good-but-not-great results from PC Mag, AV-Test, and AV-Comparatives. That said, in our subjective examination, Avast was one of the most annoying of the top antivirus suites. While we were setting it up, it tried to install Google Chrome, sneaking it away into a corner of the installer. Worse, Avast loads its own custom SafeZone browser onto your system without asking you first. As if this wasn't annoying enough, Avast is also one of the pricier subscription options around. For $59.99 per year, Avast only covers one Windows PC. Bonus features and popularity aside, there are simply better values to be had. Where to Buy: $49.99 at Avast Buy now at Amazon Norton Antivirus Basic Symantec's Norton software has been around just about as long as anyone can remember. This steadfast software suite often comes pre-loaded on new Windows computers, but it's also available as a standalone subscription. Though there's no free version, the entry-level price protects one system for $19.99 per year. The interface was well-designed and easy to use, but too many problems popped up while using it, leaving a bad taste in our mouths. Norton Antivirus  (Photo: Reviewed.com) In fact, Norton was the only Antivirus software we tested that froze during a full system scan, which forced us to restart the app entirely. Add in some rather obnoxious pop-ups and we're giving it a pass. It is another trusted name, though, and it has been tested and verified by AV-Test in addition to winning PC Mag's Editors' Choice award in its 2017 comparison. Where to Buy: $19.99 at Norton Buy now at Amazon $39.99 at Walmart Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2qaU5dH Most Popular Hate cleaning? Now Amazon’s Alexa can vacuum your home, too 10 things you can buy that will make you less stressed This machine claims to turn fruit into ice cream 19 gorgeous Mother's Day gifts your mom will love Thanks to Alexa, you can now have conversations with your thermostat Replace your gross pillows with Amazon’s top-sellers at a seriously low price
English Deutsch Français Italiano English - India Español Português 日本語 СРПСКИ Hrvatski Български МАКЕДОНСКИ 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी Slovenski Subscribe E-PAPER Products Voices of Read Russia Russian Hockey Players Guide Russian Start-ups 30under30 World Business Politics & Society Education Science & Tech Defense Opinion Arts & Living People Movies Events Literature Music Theater History Russian Kitchen Travel Sport Multimedia Finding "normal" isn't easy May 27, 2011 Lara McCoy Roslof My friends still in Moscow want to know what life is like where it's "normal." When I know, I'll tell them. Facebook Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Print page Related Siberian Snow White becomes an Instagram star Pripyat: the pre-Chernobyl life of a nuclear-industry town Trying to find your way as an expat wife? Here's my story Tags lifestyle, expats “I want to hear all about your new life,” my friend wrote, after I told her I was coming back to Moscow and hoped we could meet for coffee. “You seem to have made the transition back to ‘normalcy’…want to know your secret.” I read her message several times before responding. How can I give anyone advice on how to readjust to the “normal” when I feel I am still searching for it myself? Maybe I’m looking for it in all the wrong places—or maybe it’s just that my definition of “normal” has changed. I have come to believe that, living in Moscow, we overestimated the value of “normalcy.” I remember many trips to Finland—walking the clean streets, not worrying about getting run over, shopping without being tracked by a security guard—and wondering, after I left, if Helsinki really was the greatest city on earth or if it only appeared that way because it was the closest “normal” place to Russia. Likewise, we expat wives idolized life in America—minivans, Wal-mart (or Whole Foods, depending), pediatricians who didn’t keep moving away—because it was something we knew enough to fantasize about, but not enough to make a straight comparison. I was certainly guilty many times of exclaiming: “Life could be easier!”—usually while dragging a 5 liter bottle of water home from the grocery. Is life easier now, back in the United States? In some ways, yes; in some ways, no. Day to day, getting from place to place, running errands? Yes, it’s easier. It took me at least a year to really believe that you could accomplish more than one thing on a day that also involved going to Ikea. The post office works. Reliably. No customs official is going to take home the wooden growth chart you ordered for your kids because the package looked like it held a snowboard. To gain access to a library, it is not necessary to have a letter of reference from an educational institution—and you can take books home! But this ease, this convenience, which is really more superficial than substantive, comes at a price. It is not easier to make friends. Being an expat, you have a ready-made circle of acquaintances. Of course some will be more interesting to you than others, but you already have a very important thing in common, the kind of thing on which to build a friendship. For me, it was not easier to find a job. What made me an attractive candidate in Moscow—my knowledge of Russian history, my skills as an editor…ok, basically, my skills as a native English speaker—were not selling points in the U.S. And it is not easy when everyone around you expects you to be normal like them—to be the kind of person who has never bribed a doctor to avoid a school physical. Or flagged down the car of a complete stranger and used it as a taxi. Or be subjected to a test for leprosy in order to get a work permit. They expect you to be the kind of person who considers a good beach vacation Florida, not the Red Sea. It’s not that I regret coming back. We had reasons for returning to our point of origin, and they were good ones—a better job, family ties, educational opportunities. But the thought that “life would be easier,” shouldn’t have factored into the equation at all. All rights reserved by Rossiyskaya Gazeta. Facebook Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp Print page Multimedia Siberian Snow White becomes an Instagram star Your opinion Which destination in Russia would you choose for your summer holidays? News 6:42 PM May 3, 2017 Putin and Erdogan see eye-to-eye, but not on tomatoes 6:27 PM May 3, 2017 Do Russians still trust television? 5:16 PM May 3, 2017 Airports in Russian major cities to suspend air traffic for Victory Day 2:54 PM May 3, 2017 Russian military advisor killed in Syria, says Defense Ministry 2:49 PM May 3, 2017 Putin: Russia and Turkey restoring full-format relations 2:31 PM May 3, 2017 Police detain 64 football fans after Ural-Lokomotiv match in Sochi 2:25 PM May 3, 2017 Russia develops next-generation bomber’s digital model 11:45 AM May 3, 2017 Putin and Trump discuss prospects for coordination of anti-terror effort 6:25 PM May 2, 2017 Russian minister predicts end of shale era after Trump decree 5:01 PM May 2, 2017 Putin and Merkel discuss necessity of strict observance of Minsk agreements News from idealmedia.com Business Calendar Read more  Culture calendar 4 May — 4 June Second World War Drawings by Architect-veterans from Russia and Britain 2 May — 16 May Victory Day Сelebrations in the UK 1 May — 6 May Russian Literature Week 2017 in New York City 27 April — 24 May Sovremennik/Contemporary exhibition in London's Pushkin House 1 April — 16 May Exhibit: Architecture at the End of the Earth at University of Washington 23 March — 7 May 2017 Russian American History Month in New York Read more  About us Team Partners Advertising Contacts Careers Privacy policy RBTH Network: English Deutsch Français Italiano English - India Español Português 日本語 中文 Српски Hrvatski Български Македонски 한국어 Bahasa Indonesia हिन्दी Slovenski © Russia Beyond The Headlines a global media project sponsored by: Autonomous Nonprofit Organization "TV-Novosti", 2017. All rights reserved.  Back to top + Like us on Facebook
Home Business Buzz Dining Health Obits Weather Sports Regional/Jobs Bartow Gordon Polk Floyd Jobs WRGA Local Links Education Outdoors Crime About Advertising on Hometown Headlines: Websites, emails, social media, radio and text alerts. Contact Us Remembering Mrs. Allie Sue Patterson. Posted on May 3, 2017 by hometownheadlines • 0 Comments Mrs. Allie Sue Patterson, age 81, of Freeman Ferry Road, Rome, GA, died Tuesday morning, May 2, 2017, following an extended illness. Mrs. Patterson was born April 16, 1936, in Bartow County, GA, daughter of the late Herman S. Reeves and Ida Mae Lowery Reeves. Until her retirement Mrs. Patterson was associated with Walmart in their Deli Department. Mrs. Patterson was a member of Lindale Church of God of Prophecy and enjoyed going to Flea Markets. Mrs. Patterson was preceded in death by her Husband, Ralph Lewis Patterson, Sr. in 2009, a daughter, Teresa Diane Terrell in 2007, and by two brothers Billy Reeves and Tunic Reeves. Mrs. Patterson is survived by two sons and a daughter-in-law, David Patterson (Judy) Silver Creek, GA and Ricky Patterson Lindale; two daughters, Linda Sue Patterson, Rome GA and Mary Patterson Calhoun, GA; seven grandsons, two granddaughters, eight great-grandchildren and a number of nieces and nephews also survive. Graveside and interment services will be held Thursday 2:30 PM in Sunset Hills Memorial Gardens with Rev. Doug Stephenson officiating. The family will gather Thursday at Salmon Funeral Home where they will receive friends from 1:00 PM until 2:00 PM. At other hours they may be contacted at their respective residences. Pallbearers will meet at Sunset Hills Memorial Gardens Thursday at 2:15 PM and will be comprised of Mrs. Patterson’s grandsons.   Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Obituaries ← Education: 60% of Saint Mary’s Catholic School’s fourth through seventh grade students qualify for Duke TIP. Darlington’s Cates receives Vincent J. Dooley Award and Scholarship. Chick-fil-A Dwarf House Sports: Rome Braves rally for a 4-3 win over the Suns. Honors for Berry soccer star. Shorter Softball’s first game pushed to Friday by rain. → Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Search Ware Mechanical Forecast Wind Advisory Issued: 3:34 PM EDT on May 03, 2017 Expires: 8:00 PM EDT on May 04, 2017 Currently 75° Partly Cloudy Tomorrow is forecast to be Much Cooler than today. Windy with showers and thunderstorms. Wednesday 05/03 50% High 83° / Low 62° Chance of Rain Showers late. Lows overnight in the low 60s. Thursday 05/04 90% High 72° / Low 49° Thunderstorm Becoming windy with thunderstorms likely. High 72F. Winds SE at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Friday 05/05 50% High 55° / Low 46° Chance of Rain Cloudy with showers. High near 55F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Copyright © 2017 Hometown Headlines View Full Site
Follow @triplepundit 48.0k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Sustainatopia (3p discount code “TP15”) Both a conference and a broad-ranging festival, SUSTAINATOPIA brings together the global ecosystem of social, financial and environmental sustainability & impact. [REGISTER HERE] Us code TP15 for 15% off May 7-10: San Francisco Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit Investigation Raises Questions About USDA Organic Milk Certification by Leon Kaye on Wednesday, May 3rd, 2017 Food & Agriculture Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) An organic dairy farm in Oregon. Organic milk is a huge business. While recent U.S. government statistics show a short-term dip in sales, estimates suggest that annual sales in this sector total more than $40 million annually. Concerns over the nation’s food supply — along with the widely-held belief that cows grazing on grass and organic feed results in a more healthful and nutritious product compared to conventional milk– have together driven consumers to pay a far higher premium for organic dairy products at retail chains from Whole Foods to Target. The organic milk business is especially booming in California, as production figures suggest another large jump in production and sales from the previous year. But a Washington Post investigation published this week warns consumers that they may be paying for a product that does not meet their expectations. The Post, led by reporter Peter Whoriskey, visited the operations of Aurora Organic Dairy, located outside of Greeley, Colorado, last year. Aurora’s milk is sold as a private-label product at chains including Costco and Walmart. Whoriskey and his team, however, allege that customers may not be purchasing the exact product for which they paid. Certified organic dairies are mandated to have their cows graze regularly during the growing season instead of being confined to feedlots or barns. But at a dairy complex that boasts as many as 15,000 cows, the newspaper’s investigative team only saw a few hundred cows grazing, at most. Satellite photos taken last July confirmed the team’s suspicion that only 10 percent of the herd was out grazing at any given point in time. The newspaper then asked dairy technology scientists at Virginia Tech to analyze eight brands of milk that were produced during the grazing season. Researchers tested for milk substances including conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and alpha-linoleic acid (ALA), which tend to appear at higher levels in organic milk than in conventional products. The tests revealed that while organic brands such as Prigel Family Creamery, Snowville Creamery and Horizon Organics scored relatively high, the levels in Aurora’s milks were not much higher than the private-label conventional brands sold at Whole Foods and Safeway. Conversely, linoleic acid — an omega-6 fat — tends to be found at a lower level in milks that are pasture fed; conventional milks often have high levels of this substance. But Aurora’s milk tested higher on that metric than the conventional Whole Foods and Safeway milks. So, what’s going on? The Post concluded that the rising popularity of organic milk has resulted in the rapid expansion of dairy operations, especially in western states. And in the effort to expand and meet consumer demand, some dairies are cutting corners. Small organic dairy farmers — who face more regulations and higher costs — have long complained that these larger operations, like Aurora, are violating organic farming guidelines. Another problem is that the USDA’s rules covering the inspection of organic dairy farms are hardly stringent. Only 1 in 20 inspections are actually unannounced; in fact, farmers can hire their own inspectors from a list of private firms and organizations that are licensed by the USDA, and those visits can be scheduled days or even weeks in advance. In sum, if a dairy company does not like the results of one organization’s inspection, it can simply hire another to find the results the company wants. The USDA says it audits those inspectors’ records every two and half years. But in the case of Aurora, it is obvious that some inspections are falling through the cracks. These problems bedeviling the USDA’s organic inspection process are hardly new. A 2013 internal review of the USDA’s internal processes revealed that inspectors conducting annual reviews did not always take consistent enforcement actions when violations were found. Part of the problem was confusion over the rules and what actions needed to be taken in the event of noncompliance. “This can lead to organic milk operations shopping for agents who are lax in their classification of issues identified in the yearly inspection process or who do not take the appropriate enforcement actions,” the USDA report concluded. Aurora has denied the accusations raised by the Post, and sought to rebut the investigative team’s conclusions one by one. But the paper also mentioned that Aurora has been the subject of suspected rules violations in the past. As far back as 2007, the USDA accused the dairy of “willful violations” of organic guidelines. That case was resolved, and Aurora’s business continued to grow at a healthy pace. Whether or not consumers are really hurt by these findings is anyone’s guess. Assessments of organic versus conventional milk are all over the map, though the consensus is that the fatty acids more prevalent in organic dairy products provide for a more healthful option in the cereal bowl or smoothie. The obvious hurt is in consumers’ pocketbooks, as they may be paying far too much for a product that does not provide the benefits advertised. But those who are really harmed are the small organic dairy farmers who play by the rules, only to see their margins squeezed as larger operations have the ability to scale and force down milk prices. And that discrepancy should be enough to spur the USDA to take its organic inspection guidelines far more seriously, instead of allowing them to be outsourced and become subjected to what can be viewed as a pay-for-play scheme. Image credit: NRCS Oregon Food & Agriculture Recent headlines from the 878 articles in this category: Investigation Raises Questions About USDA Organic Milk Certification Whole Foods In Wall Street’s Crosshairs After Declining Sales Pork Producer Smithfield Eyes the Human Organ Market Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Latest News Dow 20,958 +8.01 +0.04% Nasdaq 6,073 -22.82 -0.37% S&P 500 2,388 -3.04 -0.13% 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 389.87 2:59 A.M. ET Glencore lifts marketing earnings outlook 2:57 A.M. ET RSA Insurance sees operating profit ahead of plans 2:56 A.M. ET BMW sales, earnings rise on one-off gains 2:55 A.M. ET Buckingham Palace calls Queen’s staff for an emergency meeting, setting rumors blazing 2:55 A.M. ET Shell quarterly profit surges 2:52 A.M. ET Carlsberg quarterly revenue rises 5% 2:51 A.M. ET Next warns of full-year sales, profit shortfall 2:51 A.M. ET Morrison's like-for-like quarterly sales grow 2:42 A.M. ET Updated European equities a buy, but Trump policy inaction a risk: Eaton Vance 2:17 A.M. ET AB InBev profit surges amid U.S., Brazil headwinds 2:16 A.M. ET Societe Generale profit down 19%; settles with LIA 2:14 A.M. ET Veolia profit rises 4.8% in first quarter 2:14 A.M. ET China's Caixin Services PMI falls to 11-month low 1:56 A.M. ET Statoil earnings beat expectations 1:56 A.M. ET Adidas profit rises on strong U.S. demand 1:56 A.M. ET Oil prices pull back as latest U.S. supply data triggers fresh concerns 1:44 A.M. ET Australia trade surplus narrows in March 1:43 A.M. ET Societe Generale profit falls 19%, disappoints 1:42 A.M. ET Updated HSBC Holdings net profit falls 19% on year Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Markets Europe & Middle East London Markets Get email alerts Miners, Sainsbury’s push FTSE 100 to a close in the red By Sara Sjolin and Victor Reklaitis Published: May 3, 2017 12:09 p.m. ET Share ITV shares also fall after CEO steps down AFP/Getty Images By SaraSjolin Markets reporter VictorReklaitis Markets writer U.K. stocks closed lower Wednesday, as commodity stocks fell alongside a slide in metals prices and as shares in supermarkets dropped after downbeat market-share data. The FTSE 100 index UKX, -0.21%  lost 0.2% to finish at 7,234.53, erasing part of Tuesday’s 0.6% gain. Retail in focus: J Sainsbury PLC’s stock SBRY, -5.72%  posted the biggest loss among FTSE components, declining 5.7%. The supermarket giant reported a 0.6% fall in full-year like-for-like sales and cut dividends 16%. The top four U.K. supermarkets—Sainsbury’s, Tesco PLC TSCO, -3.42% Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, +0.32%  subsidiary Asda and Wm Morrison Supermarkets PLC MRW, -1.40% —all lost market share to German low-cost retailers Aldi and Lidl in the first three months of the year, even as their sales got a boost from spending omn Easter eggs and hot cross buns, Kantar Worldpanel reported. Tesco’s shares closed 3.4% lower for the FTSE 100’s fourth-biggest drop, while Morrison’s fell 1.4%. Marks & Spencer Group PLC MKS, -1.16%  lost 1.2% after it appointed Jill McDonald, currently chief executive of the car parts and bicycle retailer Halfords Group PLC HFD, -2.61% as new nonfood chief. Halfords shares gave up 2.6%. Heavy metals: Mining shares also dragged on the FTSE 100, as a slide in metals prices helped drive investors out of those stocks. Shares of Antofagasta PLC ANTO, -2.41%  fell 2.4%, BHP Billiton PLC BLT, -2.01% BHP, -3.39% BHP, +0.13%  lost 2%, and Rio Tinto RIO, -2.74% RIO, -3.69% RIO, -1.80%  gave up 2.7%. Other stock movers: ITV PLC ITV, -1.75%  was another big decliner, down 1.8%, after the commercial broadcaster said Chief Executive Adam Crozier is stepping down on June 30 after seven years in the role. On the upside, shares in Sage Group PLC SGE, +3.44%  rose 3.4%. The software company reported a rise in net profit the first half of the fiscal year and raised its dividend. The pound GBPUSD, -0.1554%  slipped back to $1.2911 from $1.2939 late Tuesday in New York. Fed ahead: Later in the day, attention turns to the U.S. where the Federal Reserve will announce its latest interest rate decision at 7 p.m. London time, or 2 p.m. Eastern Time. The central bank is widely expected to keep rates on hold and not make any changes until its June meeting. Investors world-wide closely track the Fed’s policy statements and their implications for the world’s largest economy and other countries. Read: 6 things to watch for in the Fed’s policy statement “While the Fed decision itself may not surprise anyone—with markets pricing in only a 5% chance of a rate hike this evening—the statement could offer important clues on the central banks intentions at upcoming meetings,” said Craig Erlam, senior market analyst at Oanda in a note. “In the absence of a press conference with Chair Janet Yellen, the statement is all we have to go off and if the Fed is aiming to raise rates again in June, it may signal its intention to do so,” he added. More from MarketWatch How Secure Is the Swift Network? Why Trump Gets a 100-Day Review — When Others Don’t What Canadians Think of Trump's Tough Talk on Nafta Related Topics United Kingdom London Stock Exchange London Markets Bank of England Europe European Markets Quote References UKX -15.52 -0.21% SBRY -16.00 -5.72% TSCO -6.25 -3.42% WMT +0.24 +0.32% MRW -3.40 -1.40% MKS -4.30 -1.16% HFD -9.80 -2.61% ANTO -19.50 -2.41% BLT -23.50 -2.01% BHP -1.20 -3.39% RIO -83.50 -2.74% ITV -3.70 -1.75% SGE +23.50 +3.44% GBPUSD -0.0020 -0.1554% Show all references Most Popular Stephen Colbert on his anti-Trump rant: ‘I would do it again’ Why now may be a good time to buy gold and silver This is why American tourists don’t want to travel to Cuba The most unaffordable place to live in America is… Newly Developed Device Creates Water From Dry Air MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found FTSE 100 Index GBP FTSE Indices: UKX 7,234.53 -15.52 (-0.21%) Volume 0 Open 7,250 High 7,250 Low 7,219 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A J Sainsbury PLC U.K.: London: SBRY 263.50p -16.00 (-5.72%) Volume 29.2M Open 273.00p High 277.00p Low 262.40p P/E Ratio 11.17 Div Yield 5.01 Market Cap 6.1B Tesco PLC U.K.: London: TSCO 176.75p -6.25 (-3.42%) Volume 47.6M Open 182.60p High 186.55p Low 176.10p P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 15.0B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $75.76 +0.24 (+0.32%) Volume 4.8M Open $75.40 High $75.88 Low $75.18 P/E Ratio 17.26 Div Yield 2.69 Market Cap 228.9B Wm. Morrison Supermarkets PLC U.K.: London: MRW 239.00p -3.40 (-1.40%) Volume 12.0M Open 241.50p High 243.60p Low 238.90p P/E Ratio 18.43 Div Yield 3.22 Market Cap 5.7B Marks & Spencer Group PLC U.K.: London: MKS 366.50p -4.30 (-1.16%) Volume 6.0M Open 369.10p High 369.85p Low 365.20p P/E Ratio 23.8 Div Yield 3.71 Market Cap 6.0B Halfords Group PLC U.K.: London: HFD 365.00p -9.80 (-2.61%) Volume 911.7K Open 365.00p High 365.30p Low 360.00p P/E Ratio 12.54 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 746.3M Antofagasta PLC U.K.: London: ANTO 789.00p -19.50 (-2.41%) Volume 4.2M Open 803.50p High 803.50p Low 772.50p P/E Ratio 92.93 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 8.0B BHP Billiton PLC U.K.: London: BLT 1,146.00p -23.50 (-2.01%) Volume 51594 Open 1,161p High 1,176p Low 1,176p P/E Ratio 30.46 Div Yield 5.75 Market Cap 24.7B BHP Billiton Ltd. ADR U.S.: NYSE: BHP $34.18 -1.20 (-3.39%) Volume 3.5M Open $34.35 High $34.67 Low $34.14 P/E Ratio 37.01 Div Yield 4.68 Market Cap 57.4B BHP Billiton Ltd. Australia: Sydney: BHP $23.24 +0.03 (+0.13%) Volume 8.6M Open $23.02 High $23.29 Low $22.92 P/E Ratio 37.95 Div Yield 4.58 Market Cap 76.3B Rio Tinto PLC U.K.: London: RIO 2,962.50p -83.50 (-2.74%) Volume 5.6M Open 3,030p High 3,033p Low 2,950p P/E Ratio 15.44 Div Yield 6.79 Market Cap 42.1B Rio Tinto PLC ADR U.S.: NYSE: RIO $38.37 -1.47 (-3.69%) Volume 3.2M Open $38.77 High $38.91 Low $38.26 P/E Ratio 15.89 Div Yield 6.55 Market Cap 54.4B Rio Tinto Ltd. Australia: Sydney: RIO $58.32 -1.07 (-1.80%) Volume 2.5M Open $58.40 High $59.00 Low $57.85 P/E Ratio 17.04 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 25.4B ITV PLC U.K.: London: ITV 207.80p -3.70 (-1.75%) Volume 17.7M Open 209.00p High 211.40p Low 204.70p P/E Ratio 18.72 Div Yield 4.62 Market Cap 8.5B Sage Group PLC U.K.: London: SGE 707.00p +23.50 (+3.44%) Volume 5.7M Open 714.50p High 716.50p Low 685.00p P/E Ratio 36.9 Div Yield 1.48 Market Cap 7.4B British Pound Tullett Prebon: GBPUSD 1.2847 -0.0020 (-0.1554%) Volume 0 Open 1.29 High 1.29 Low 1.28 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman As Phishing Attacks Continue to Scam Shoppers, DomainTools’ PhishEye Data Showcases Most Spoofed Retail Websites SEATTLE, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — DomainTools, the leader in domain name and DNS-based cyber threat intelligence, today released the names of the top U.S.-based retail companies whose brands are frequently abused by criminals creating look-alike domains for phishing. The research surfaced multiple malicious domains each day spoofing Amazon, Apple, Gap, Nike, and Walmart. Hackers have become adept at creating websites and emails that closely resemble the actual brand, tricking consumers into thinking they are on a legitimate website or receiving a message from their preferred retailer. One of the more popular ways to generate phishing domains is to add certain words (called affixes) like „account,” „login,” „online,” or countless others to the domain names of legitimate organizations, in order to make the victims believe they are either visiting the legitimate site or receiving a trusted email. Victims then often submit sensitive information, such as passwords and credit card numbers, to these websites. For example, it has been reported that a phishing email led to the stolen personal and financial data of more than 110 million Target shoppers. „Top brands such as Amazon and Apple are typically targeted because of the amount of traffic going to those sites. In addition, they are highly reputable companies, making it easier for consumers to fall victim. Using PhishEye, we are able to identify the look-alike domains that are spoofing these top brands on the day that they are created,” said Kyle Wilhoit, senior security researcher at DomainTools. „A brand with this information could block the spoofed domain and investigate the perpetrator behind it – potentially saving millions of dollars. The more we profile this malicious behavior, the better we can defend against it.” A snapshot of a PhishEye report shows how many high-risk domains (domains who scored 70 or higher according to DomainTools’ reputation score) were created between March 27-31, 2017 to spoof well-known online retailers. High-risk domains are defined as either already on a commercially-available blacklist or having a strong correlation to known blacklisted domains. Organization Number of high-risk domains Sample high-risk domains Amazon 14 sellercencetral-amazon[.]it amazonhome[.]club noreply-amazon[.]com amazon-gc[.]tk amazon-walmart-ebay[.]info Apple 210 securedapplewebverification[.]ga auth-apple-id[.]com apple-accountservice[.]com apples-verificationsecurepage-required[.]ml iphone-applen[.]com BestBuy 2 bestbuyorsell[.]store bestbuyshops[.]us Nike 10 aunikefactorystore[.]com nikefreerun[.]no cheapnike-airmax[.]us nikeairmax-2016[.]us nikefree[.]us Walmart 5 pharmacyonlinewalmart[.]com aproveite-walmart[.]com saldaowalmartmarco[.]com walmart-shopping-bestdeals[.]info To review the full PhishEye report, and to review tips on how consumers and organizations can protect themselves, visit: http://blog.domaintools.com/2017/05/up-to-your-gills-in-phishing-attacks-this-research-may-help. About DomainTools DomainTools helps security analysts turn threat data into threat intelligence. We take indicators from your network, including domains and IPs, and connect them with nearly every active domain on the Internet. Those connections inform risk assessments, help profile attackers, guide online fraud investigations, and map cyber activity to attacker infrastructure. Fortune 1000 companies, global government agencies, and leading security solution vendors use the DomainTools platform as a critical ingredient in their threat investigation and mitigation work. Learn more about how to connect the dots on malicious activity at http://www.domaintools.com or follow us on Twitter: @domaintools. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/as-phishing-attacks-continue-to-scam-shoppers-domaintools-phisheye-data-showcases-most-spoofed-retail-websites-300450227.html SOURCE DomainTools Related Links http://www.domaintools.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious INRIX Launches Safety Alerts Product Suite to Make Connected Vehicles and Smart Cities Safer Next PostNext EF Education First – Ermöglichen Sie Ihrem Kind, im EF LEGO® Studio auf innovative und spielerische Art Englisch zu lernen Search Recent Posts Mangelndes Engagement für Frequenzreform der EU hemmt die 5G-Entwicklung IMF Reaches Staff-Level Agreement on the Second Review of Sri Lanka’s Extended Fund Facility Two Families Sue Chehalis Midwife for Tragic Outcomes During Childbirth, According to Attorney Sim Osborn Heartbeat Chairman Bill Drummy Honored as “Innovation Catalyst” by MM&M Magazine Heartbeat Chairman Bill Drummy Honored as “Innovation Catalyst” by MM&M Magazine RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Hot Topics: Christopher Lawyer Boulder skier found dead 'Not allowed in building' Cause of Firestone explosion CU Boulder South plans News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Lafayette approves commercial project near Nine Mile Corner Lafayette Promenade to join rash of projects along traffic-burdened intersection By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   05/02/2017 09:54:08 PM MDT Updated:   05/02/2017 09:59:18 PM MDT Lafayette's City Council on Tuesday night ushered forward plans for a commercial project that had been scheduled to break ground last summer, advancing it to join a cluster of development near the traffic-burdened U.S. 287 and Arapahoe Road intersection. Lafayette Promenade will join the city's SILO Subdivision housing development and Erie's Nine Mile Corner project — the development at the center of Lafayette's 22-acre condemnation lawsuit last year — across the street. Council also approved site plans for one the development's first tenants, Tractor Supply. The retailer — which sells pet supplies, animal feed, power tools and lawn and garden products — will fill one of the medium-box sites planned for the property north of Walmart. It is being developed by Alabama-based Hix Snedeker Companies. The Tractor Supply proposal is scheduled to be 21,930 square feet and will be focused on the sale of farm/ranch equipment and maintenance, animal feed and lawn and garden equipment, according to previous reports. The plan also includes merchandise within a fenced outdoor display area on the south side of the building, a trailer display area on the north side of the building and an outdoor display area near the building entrance similar to what is found at the nearby Walmart, Lafayette officials said Tuesday. Advertisement "The bottom line is that people shop with their pocketbooks and have more to say with what succeeds or fails than anything we can think up in our offices," Lafayette City Manager Gary Klaphake said in response to fellow council members' concerns over the choice of tenant. Lafayette officials announced they would appeal a Boulder County judge's decision to dismiss the lawsuit in February, finding "no public purpose" in the suit, which would have preempted Erie's plans to bring a Lowe's and a competing King Soopers on the two towns' neighboring borders. Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Makeshift emergency homeless shelter possible at East Boulder Community Center Colorado paying $280 a week for 'sexually violent predator' to live at Boulder homeless shelter Boulder's Arapahoe Campus staff members file workers' compensation claims over air quality   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Girls soccer: Depleted Dawson falls flat against The Academy Mustangs fall for second time this season LAFAYETTE - Perhaps it is better that it hit down the home stretch of the regular season, rather than during the playoffs, but the recurring illness that has weakened the Dawson School girls soccer team over the past several weeks is bordering on ridiculous. Full Story Baseball: Colorado Academy upends Peak to Peak Boys lacrosse: Fairview hangs on to beat rival Boulder Girls soccer: Teams jockeying for position in the final week of the season Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman As Phishing Attacks Continue to Scam Shoppers, DomainTools’ PhishEye Data Showcases Most Spoofed Retail Websites Research Reveals Many Top US Retail Brands are Targeted by Phishing Emails and False Websites SEATTLE, May 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- DomainTools, the leader in domain name and DNS-based cyber threat intelligence, today released the names of the top U.S.-based retail companies whose brands are frequently abused by criminals creating look-alike domains for phishing. The research surfaced multiple malicious domains each day spoofing Amazon, Apple, Gap, Nike, and Walmart. Hackers have become adept at creating websites and emails that closely resemble the actual brand, tricking consumers into thinking they are on a legitimate website or receiving a message from their preferred retailer. One of the more popular ways to generate phishing domains is to add certain words (called affixes) like "account," "login," "online," or countless others to the domain names of legitimate organizations, in order to make the victims believe they are either visiting the legitimate site or receiving a trusted email. Victims then often submit sensitive information, such as passwords and credit card numbers, to these websites. For example, it has been reported that a phishing email led to the stolen personal and financial data of more than 110 million Target shoppers. "Top brands such as Amazon and Apple are typically targeted because of the amount of traffic going to those sites. In addition, they are highly reputable companies, making it easier for consumers to fall victim. Using PhishEye, we are able to identify the look-alike domains that are spoofing these top brands on the day that they are created," said Kyle Wilhoit, senior security researcher at DomainTools. "A brand with this information could block the spoofed domain and investigate the perpetrator behind it – potentially saving millions of dollars. The more we profile this malicious behavior, the better we can defend against it." A snapshot of a PhishEye report shows how many high-risk domains (domains who scored 70 or higher according to DomainTools' reputation score) were created between March 27-31, 2017 to spoof well-known online retailers. High-risk domains are defined as either already on a commercially-available blacklist or having a strong correlation to known blacklisted domains. Organization Number of high-risk domains Sample high-risk domains Amazon 14 sellercencetral-amazon[.]it amazonhome[.]club noreply-amazon[.]com amazon-gc[.]tk amazon-walmart-ebay[.]info Apple 210 securedapplewebverification[.]ga auth-apple-id[.]com apple-accountservice[.]com apples-verificationsecurepage-required[.]ml iphone-applen[.]com BestBuy 2 bestbuyorsell[.]store bestbuyshops[.]us Nike 10 aunikefactorystore[.]com nikefreerun[.]no cheapnike-airmax[.]us nikeairmax-2016[.]us nikefree[.]us Walmart 5 pharmacyonlinewalmart[.]com aproveite-walmart[.]com saldaowalmartmarco[.]com walmart-shopping-bestdeals[.]info To review the full PhishEye report, and to review tips on how consumers and organizations can protect themselves, visit: http://blog.domaintools.com/2017/05/up-to-your-gills-in-phishing-attacks-this-research-may-help. About DomainTools DomainTools helps security analysts turn threat data into threat intelligence. We take indicators from your network, including domains and IPs, and connect them with nearly every active domain on the Internet. Those connections inform risk assessments, help profile attackers, guide online fraud investigations, and map cyber activity to attacker infrastructure. Fortune 1000 companies, global government agencies, and leading security solution vendors use the DomainTools platform as a critical ingredient in their threat investigation and mitigation work. Learn more about how to connect the dots on malicious activity at http://www.domaintools.com or follow us on Twitter: @domaintools.   SOURCE DomainTools CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer/ Electronics, High Tech Security, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Bucky Ball Market 2017- Arkema, Mitsubishi, Nano-C, Nanocyl and Sigma-Aldrich Next PostNext Global Emulsion Paint Market 2017- Akzo Nobel, Carpoly, BASF, PPG and Dupont Search Recent Posts Heavy Duty Motor Oil Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Global Dioctyl Terephthalate (DOTP) Market Segment: By Key Players Analysis 2021 Global IoT Sensor Sales Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Cloud Identity And Access Management (IAM) Market 2017 Worldwide Split by Application, Regions, Capacity & Price Sunroof Market 2017: Comprehensive Research Including Top Companies, Latest Trends and Challenges Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
CLOSE Local All Local Community Bridal Fair Community Links Events Local Gas Prices Hoosier Harvest Woman of the Year Around Town Go! Guide Local News Local Sports Local Business Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Mike Pence Events Nuptials Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Obituaries Magazines Record Book News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Lifestyle Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Monster Jobs Place an ad Classifieds front page Contact Us Phone and Email list About Us Advertise With Us Submissions Submit an event Submit a News Tip Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit to Around Town Submit “Take Your Best Shot” Photo Submit an Engagement Announcement Submit a Wedding Announcement Submit an Anniversary Announcement Submit to the Neighbors Page Woman of the Year Nomination Subscribe Media Partners Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Manage your account Reset your password The Republic Archives E-Edition Apps Directory Go! Guide Around Town E-Edition Subscribe Weather Events Local Directory Buy Photos Local All Local Community Bridal Fair Community Links Events Local Gas Prices Hoosier Harvest Woman of the Year Around Town Go! Guide Local News Local Sports Local Business Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Mike Pence Events Nuptials Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Obituaries Magazines Record Book News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Lifestyle Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Monster Jobs Place an ad Classifieds front page Contact Us Phone and Email list About Us Advertise With Us Submissions Submit an event Submit a News Tip Submit a Letter to the Editor Submit to Around Town Submit “Take Your Best Shot” Photo Submit an Engagement Announcement Submit a Wedding Announcement Submit an Anniversary Announcement Submit to the Neighbors Page Woman of the Year Nomination Subscribe Media Partners Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Manage your account Reset your password The Republic Archives E-Edition Apps Directory Obituaries Caleb Fish By Staff Reports - 5/3/17 2:14 AM Caleb Fish North Vernon Caleb Matthew Fish, 18, of North Vernon, passed away on Sunday, April 30, 2017, in North Vernon. Born May 5, 1998, in Columbus, Caleb was the son of Adam Fish and Cathy Henderson. Caleb was a 2016 graduate of Jennings County High School and a member of the Indiana National Guard. He was employed with Metaldyne in North Vernon for two months, had previously worked in Lawn and Garden for the Walmart Store in Seymour and had a summer job with Bartholomew County Parks. He was a member of Jonesville Christian Church in Jonesville. He enjoyed playing basketball and spending time with friends. Caleb is survived by his parents, Adam (Tabitha) Fish of Columbus and Cathy (Shawn) Robertson of North Vernon; brothers, Jimmy Robertson and Cason Robertson, both of North Vernon, Ryne Fish and Spencer Fish, both of Columbus; sister, Baleigh Fish of Columbus; grandparents, James and Sharon Robertson of Lakeland, Florida, Rhonda and Rick Brown, Becky Hawksworth and David Henderson, all of Columbus, Rebecca Fish of Seymour and Cheryl (Charlie) Pendleton of North Vernon; great-grandparents, Joy Fish of Columbus and Margaret Clark of Jonesville. He was preceded in death by his sister, Shelby Elizabeth Robertson; grandfather, Tony Fish; great-grandparents, George and Irene Henderson, Calvin and Mary Fields, Charles and Ellen Bowman, Henry Fish and Betty Jean Personette. A funeral service for Caleb will be conducted at 11 a.m. Friday, May 5, 2017, at the Dove-Sharp & Rudicel Funeral Home and Cremation Services in North Vernon with the Rev. Stan Thomas officiating. Family and friends may call from 4 to 8 p.m. Thursday at the funeral home and one hour prior to the service Friday. Burial will be in the Garland Brook Cemetery with military service provided by the Indiana National Guard. Memorials may be made through the funeral home to Enter His Courts. You are welcome to leave the family a message of condolence at www.dovesharprudicel.com. STAY CONNECTED 20,222FansLike 213FollowersFollow 6,637FollowersFollow ABOUT US Nobody covers Columbus, Indiana and the surrounding areas like The Republic. 2980 N. National Road, Suite A, Columbus, IN 47201 Main Switchboard: (812) 372-7811 Toll Free: (800) 876-7811 Contact us: editorial@therepublic.com FOLLOW US © 2017 The Republic unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS News UK World Politics General Election 2017 Science Education Health Brexit Royals Investigations More Telegraph News US shopper claims she found note written by Chinese 'prisoner' in new handbag  A woman claims to have found a letter in a new handbag she bought from an American branch of Walmart Credit: Reuters Neil Connor, Beijing 3 May 2017 • 5:55am A woman claims to have found a mysterious letter in a new handbag she bought from an American branch of Walmart which appears to be written by a desperate Chinese ‘prisoner’. Christel Wallace, from Arizona, opened a tiny zipped compartment of her handbag to find a note written in Chinese characters complaining about working long hours and suffering beatings, she told US media. According to an image of the note published by the kvoa.com website, the writer was detailing conditions at a prison at Yingshan, in China’s southern Guangxi province. It said prisoners worked until midnight after a 14 hour shift. “Whoever is not able to finish will be beaten,” added the note, which has not been authenticated.  “Prisoners at Chinese prisons are living a worse life than horses, cattle, sheep, pigs and dogs.” China abolished much of its prison labour system in 2013.  However, some human rights campaigners claim a “shadow economy” continues to exist, in which prisoners are forced to carry out work. US media has previously reported that notes have been found in products imported from China which are apparently written by labour camp inmates. A Walmart spokesman told the Arizona Daily Star: “One of our requirements for the suppliers who supply products for sale at Walmart is all work should be voluntary as indicated in our Standards for Suppliers.” Additional reporting by Christine Wei Share this article Follow Telegraph News Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Follow Telegraph News Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Instagram Related Topics USA Asia China Show more Galleries Gallery 04 May 2017, 7:03am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 4 May 2017 Gallery 03 May 2017, 6:08pm Gallery: Matt cartoons, May 2017  Premium Gallery 03 May 2017, 1:29pm Gallery: From Churchill to Corbyn: the best British political insults News latest Live 04 May 2017, 7:43am Buckingham Palace summons entire royal household to 'emergency meeting' Gallery 04 May 2017, 7:03am Gallery: Pictures of the Day: 4 May 2017 04 May 2017, 6:49am Comment: Speed bumps, traffic jams and diesel fumes: chasing policy fads is a fool's errand Juliet Samuel Premium 04 May 2017, 6:03am Komodo dragon attacks tourist in Indonesia 04 May 2017, 6:01am Numbers waiting 18 weeks for NHS surgery could double, leak reveals  04 May 2017, 6:00am Comment: Marine Le Pen ignores cardinal rule of TV debates: to keep calm and appear presidential Henry Samuel Premium 04 May 2017, 6:00am Local elections 2017: What the results could mean for the general election 04 May 2017, 6:00am Year 7 girl begs school to ban 'distracting' fidget spinners in heartfelt letter 04 May 2017, 5:59am Not welcome: Japan refuses more than 99 percent of refugee applications 04 May 2017, 4:41am Thai rights lawyer faces up to 150 years in prison for royal insult 04 May 2017, 3:35am Canada recalls gin after alcohol level found to be 77 percent 01:03 04 May 2017, 3:14am New video shows amazing view as Cassini spacecraft makes first dive over Saturn 04 May 2017, 2:49am Donald Trump's arm-twisting means healthcare legislation 'will be passed' 01:23 04 May 2017, 2:10am Donald Trump: I want to prove there can be peace between Israelis and Palestinians 00:58 04 May 2017, 1:02am Spectacular plane crash caught on dashcam in Washington 04 May 2017, 12:50am Donald Trump's return to New York to feature protests and WWII ceremony 04 May 2017, 12:35am Putin and Erdogan to work together on Syrian 'safe zones' as relationship thaws 04 May 2017, 12:30am Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron both go on the attack in final French presidential debate 04 May 2017, 12:03am Spam campaign targets Google users with malicious link 04 May 2017, 12:01am Broadband providers forced to reduce advertised speed claims in major crackdown  03 May 2017, 11:49pm FBI joins probe of bananas in nooses at Washington's American University Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Get em now! Grab yourself BeatsX wireless in-ear headphones for $97 with $30 Apple Music credit By Jared DiPane Tuesday, May 2, 2017 at 9:39 am EDT 2 Comments Our friends at Thrifter are back again, this time with a sweet deal on the BeatsX wireless in-ear headphones! Bluetooth headphones continue to become more popular, especially since several manufacturers have begun removing headphone jacks from phones. This year Apple released a new lineup of Beats headphones, and right now you can pick up a set of the BeatsX wireless in-ear headphones for as little as $97 at Walmart. This is around $50 cheaper than Amazon has the headphones for, and Best Buy is offering the over-ear Beats Studio wireless headphones for just $199.99. Some of the features of the BeatsX headphones include: Connect via Class 1 Bluetooth with your device for wireless listening Up to 8 hours of battery life for when you're on the go With Fast Fuel, a 5-minute charge gives you 2 hours of playback when battery is low Take calls, control your music and activate Siri with RemoteTalk Only the gray pair is available at the lowest price, though some of the other options are discounted by other amounts as well. As an added bonus each set of headphones should come with a $30 code which is good for 3-months of Apple Music. If you're looking for a great set of headphones for an even better price, you won't want to miss out on this deal. See at Walmart For more great deals be sure to check out our friends at Thrifter now! Reader comments Grab yourself BeatsX wireless in-ear headphones for $97 with $30 Apple Music credit 2 Comments View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating animejay Darn!. I just bought these yesterday! 0 1 day ago Reply mvpilot172 I bought a pair @ launch for $150 and have been pleasantly surprised by them. $150 felt a little high but I knew that buying them right away costs you. $99 is a great sweet spot for these types of headphones. 0 1 day ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Contact Us  •   Advertise COLORBEARER OF ATHENS, GEORGIA LOCALLY OWNED SINCE 1987 event calendar CLICK HERE FOR FULL CALENDAR Thu4 Fri5 Sat6 Sun7 Mon8 Tue9 Wed10 Thu11 Home About Us Advertise Archive Contact Us Legal Send a Letter to the Editor News Comment Democracy in Crisis Greensplainer City Dope Cobbloviate Georgia Report In the Loop News Features Letters to the Editor Pub Notes Calendar Submit an Event AthFest Auditions Calendar Picks Classes Comedy DJs Events Film Games Help Out Karaoke & Open Mic Kidstuff Lectures & Lit Live Music Meetings Outdoors Performance Sports Support Groups Theater Word on the Street Art Art Around Town Blogs Culture Briefs Grub Notes Homedrone In the Loop Music Flagpole Premieres Flagpole Athens Music Awards Homedrone Music Features Record Reviews Threats & Promises Movies Double Feature Movie Reviews Flick Skinny Arts & Culture Poetlandia Flag Football Art Around Town Art Notes Arts & Culture Features Kiddie Dope Theater Notes Food & Drink The Locavore Food Features Grub Notes Advice Hey, Bonita Get Advice! Pets Adopt Me Comics A Round Town Gang Agley This Modern World Tofu Baby Guide to Athens Athens Favorites Classifieds Archive May 3, 2017 News City Dope Mayor Denson Proposes New Eastside Circulator, Cutting Night Buses City Dope By Blake Aued @BlakeAued Tweet Photo Credit: Joshua L. Jones/file Mayor Nancy Denson’s proposed budget for fiscal 2018, released Apr. 28, adds a new Athens Transit route serving East Athens, but at the cost of eliminating buses after 7:45 p.m. The new route would be “a flex route” that’s “very similar to The Link,” vans that circulated around suburban and rural neighborhoods and were cut several years ago. The “flex route” would run on a fixed route in the eastern part of the county from Commerce Road to the Eastside Walmart to Winterville—mostly areas that currently aren’t served by buses. But unlike fixed-route buses, riders who live near the route could call ahead and have the van come to their doorstep. It would drop them off at a bus stop where they could catch a fixed-route bus to their destination. Athens Transit Director Butch McDuffie said he also proposed a westside flex route for the Caterpillar/Bogart area, but that wasn’t approved. The eastside route will serve as sort of a pilot project, he said. “We’ll test it out for a year, and see if we can get some folks to ride,” he said. The eastside flex route would cost $245,000. Denson has proposed offsetting most of that cost by stopping bus service at 7:45 p.m. rather than the current 9:45 p.m., saving $165,000. That wasn’t McDuffie’s choice, but department heads are required to submit balanced budgets, so if they want something, they have to be willing to give something else up. Those two hours of service are incredibly inefficient, averaging only about two passengers per bus per hour (25 total per day on six routes), costing about $40 per rider, McDuffie said. But most of those people need the bus to get home from work, he said. “It would be disappointing if we lost services, especially after being named best urban transit system for 2016” by the Community Transportation Association of America, he said. Ultimately, that will be up to ACC commissioners, who have restored Denson’s proposed cuts to late-night bus service before. They’ll start digging into the $124 million budget—and take public comment—at a work session Thursday, May 4. comments Keywords Athens Transit, Nancy Denson, Butch McDuffie, night buses, flex route, East Athens More by Blake Aued A Demolition in Five Points Has Commissioner Diane Bell in Hot Water City Dope By Blake Aued | May 2, 2017 Crosswalk Improvements Come to Prince and Elsewhere City Dope By Blake Aued | April 26, 2017 ADDA Applies for Funding for Downtown Infrastructure City Dope By Blake Aued | April 26, 2017 see more...   flagpole Home About Us Advertise Archive Contact Us Legal Send a Letter to the Editor News Comment Democracy in Crisis Greensplainer City Dope Cobbloviate Georgia Report In the Loop News Features Letters to the Editor Pub Notes Calendar Submit an Event AthFest Auditions Calendar Picks Classes Comedy DJs Events Film Games Help Out Karaoke & Open Mic Kidstuff Lectures & Lit Live Music Meetings Outdoors Performance Sports Support Groups Theater Word on the Street Art Art Around Town Blogs Culture Briefs Grub Notes Homedrone In the Loop Music Flagpole Premieres Flagpole Athens Music Awards Homedrone Music Features Record Reviews Threats & Promises Movies Double Feature Movie Reviews Flick Skinny Arts & Culture Poetlandia Flag Football Art Around Town Art Notes Arts & Culture Features Kiddie Dope Theater Notes Food & Drink The Locavore Food Features Grub Notes Advice Hey, Bonita Get Advice! Pets Adopt Me Comics A Round Town Gang Agley This Modern World Tofu Baby Guide to Athens Athens Favorites Classifieds Archive
Hot Topics: Christopher Lawyer Boulder skier found dead 'Not allowed in building' Cause of Firestone explosion CU Boulder South plans News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Lafayette approves commercial project near Nine Mile Corner Lafayette Promenade to join rash of projects along traffic-burdened intersection By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   05/02/2017 09:54:08 PM MDT Updated:   05/02/2017 09:59:18 PM MDT Lafayette's City Council on Tuesday night ushered forward plans for a commercial project that had been scheduled to break ground last summer, advancing it to join a cluster of development near the traffic-burdened U.S. 287 and Arapahoe Road intersection. Lafayette Promenade will join the city's SILO Subdivision housing development and Erie's Nine Mile Corner project — the development at the center of Lafayette's 22-acre condemnation lawsuit last year — across the street. Council also approved site plans for one the development's first tenants, Tractor Supply. The retailer — which sells pet supplies, animal feed, power tools and lawn and garden products — will fill one of the medium-box sites planned for the property north of Walmart. It is being developed by Alabama-based Hix Snedeker Companies. The Tractor Supply proposal is scheduled to be 21,930 square feet and will be focused on the sale of farm/ranch equipment and maintenance, animal feed and lawn and garden equipment, according to previous reports. The plan also includes merchandise within a fenced outdoor display area on the south side of the building, a trailer display area on the north side of the building and an outdoor display area near the building entrance similar to what is found at the nearby Walmart, Lafayette officials said Tuesday. Advertisement "The bottom line is that people shop with their pocketbooks and have more to say with what succeeds or fails than anything we can think up in our offices," Lafayette City Manager Gary Klaphake said in response to fellow council members' concerns over the choice of tenant. Lafayette officials announced they would appeal a Boulder County judge's decision to dismiss the lawsuit in February, finding "no public purpose" in the suit, which would have preempted Erie's plans to bring a Lowe's and a competing King Soopers on the two towns' neighboring borders. Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Makeshift emergency homeless shelter possible at East Boulder Community Center Colorado paying $280 a week for 'sexually violent predator' to live at Boulder homeless shelter Boulder's Arapahoe Campus staff members file workers' compensation claims over air quality   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Girls soccer: Depleted Dawson falls flat against The Academy Mustangs fall for second time this season LAFAYETTE - Perhaps it is better that it hit down the home stretch of the regular season, rather than during the playoffs, but the recurring illness that has weakened the Dawson School girls soccer team over the past several weeks is bordering on ridiculous. Full Story Baseball: Colorado Academy upends Peak to Peak Boys lacrosse: Fairview hangs on to beat rival Boulder Girls soccer: Teams jockeying for position in the final week of the season Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Hot Topics: Christopher Lawyer Boulder skier found dead 'Not allowed in building' Cause of Firestone explosion CU Boulder South plans News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Lafayette approves commercial project near Nine Mile Corner Lafayette Promenade to join rash of projects along traffic-burdened intersection By Anthony Hahn Staff Writer Posted:   05/02/2017 09:54:08 PM MDT Updated:   05/02/2017 09:59:18 PM MDT Lafayette's City Council on Tuesday night ushered forward plans for a commercial project that had been scheduled to break ground last summer, advancing it to join a cluster of development near the traffic-burdened U.S. 287 and Arapahoe Road intersection. Lafayette Promenade will join the city's SILO Subdivision housing development and Erie's Nine Mile Corner project — the development at the center of Lafayette's 22-acre condemnation lawsuit last year — across the street. Council also approved site plans for one the development's first tenants, Tractor Supply. The retailer — which sells pet supplies, animal feed, power tools and lawn and garden products — will fill one of the medium-box sites planned for the property north of Walmart. It is being developed by Alabama-based Hix Snedeker Companies. The Tractor Supply proposal is scheduled to be 21,930 square feet and will be focused on the sale of farm/ranch equipment and maintenance, animal feed and lawn and garden equipment, according to previous reports. The plan also includes merchandise within a fenced outdoor display area on the south side of the building, a trailer display area on the north side of the building and an outdoor display area near the building entrance similar to what is found at the nearby Walmart, Lafayette officials said Tuesday. Advertisement "The bottom line is that people shop with their pocketbooks and have more to say with what succeeds or fails than anything we can think up in our offices," Lafayette City Manager Gary Klaphake said in response to fellow council members' concerns over the choice of tenant. Lafayette officials announced they would appeal a Boulder County judge's decision to dismiss the lawsuit in February, finding "no public purpose" in the suit, which would have preempted Erie's plans to bring a Lowe's and a competing King Soopers on the two towns' neighboring borders. Anthony Hahn: 303-473-1422, hahna@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/_anthonyhahn Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Makeshift emergency homeless shelter possible at East Boulder Community Center Colorado paying $280 a week for 'sexually violent predator' to live at Boulder homeless shelter Boulder's Arapahoe Campus staff members file workers' compensation claims over air quality   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Girls soccer: Depleted Dawson falls flat against The Academy Mustangs fall for second time this season LAFAYETTE - Perhaps it is better that it hit down the home stretch of the regular season, rather than during the playoffs, but the recurring illness that has weakened the Dawson School girls soccer team over the past several weeks is bordering on ridiculous. Full Story Baseball: Colorado Academy upends Peak to Peak Boys lacrosse: Fairview hangs on to beat rival Boulder Girls soccer: Teams jockeying for position in the final week of the season Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
The Western Producer Search for: Sections Site links SUBSCRIBE TO FREE ENEWS! Classifieds Subscriptions Digital editions Contact All articles News Crops Livestock Markets Weather Farm Living Opinion & Blogs Video WP Twitter Home /  Markets /  Crushing blow? Chinese grow wary of GMO Crushing blow? Chinese grow wary of GMO Posted Apr. 28th, 2017 by Reuters News Agency By Dominique Patton BEIJING, April 28 (Reuters) – A Chinese consumer backlash against genetically modified (GMO) crops is beginning to dent demand for soy oil, the nation’s main cooking oil, and could spell crisis for the multi-billion-dollar crushing industry, which depends on GMO soybeans from the United States and elsewhere. The effects on import demand are not yet an issue, but it could be in the future. The U.S. Departent of Agriculture expects China’s soybean imports from all sources will rise 5.7 percent in 2016-17 to 88 million tonnes. China: Vegetable oil food use, thousand tonnes. Source: USDA Crop year Soy Rapeseed Peanut Palm Sunfl’r Other Total ’16-17 16,000 8,350 3,052 2,900 1,325 1,281 32,908 ’15-16 15,300 8,350 2,887 2,800 1,379 1,272 31,988   The governments of China and other countries say GM foods are as safe as conventional foods, but wealthier urban Chinese consumers are replacing soyoil with oil processed from crops that have not been genetically modified, such as sunflower, peanut or sesame,. A Nielsen survey last year showed about 70 percent of consumers in China limited or avoided at least some foods or ingredients, compared with a global average of 64 percent, with 57 percent naming GMOs as undesirable. “Everyone says soyoil has GMOs,” said Mr Liu, a 70-year-old Beijinger, shopping with his wife in Walmart. “Better not eat too much. Apparently they’re not safe. It’s like those hormones. I’m just as afraid of eating GMOs as hormones.” That sentiment is already hurting retail sales. Supermarket sales of soy oil fell one percent last year to 35.7 billion yuan ($5.19 billion), data from Euromonitor shows, versus growth of between two and six percent for alternatives. “Non-GMO oil is gradually replacing (soy oil),” said Johnny An, supply chain director at food-service firm Aramark, which serves meals in banks, government offices and schools in more than 60 Chinese cities. ADVERTISMENT A few years ago, 10-20 percent of Aramark’s customers asked for oil from non-GMO crops, he said. Now it’s more than half. The mood is causing headaches for crushers, said Paul Burke, Asia director at the U.S. Soybean Export Council, forcing them to find new markets for their soyoil, though it had not yet had a noticeable impact on bean imports, as demand for soymeal used for animal feed, the larger byproduct of soybean crush, is still robust as China expands its livestock industry. PREMIUM PRODUCT The Nielsen survey found that more than four in five Chinese shoppers would be prepared to pay more for GMO-free products, and a 5-litre bottle of GM-free soy oil already sells at a 20 percent premium to oil produced from GMO soybeans, but that isn’t translating into a boon for the nation’s soybean crushers. China is the world’s top soyoil consumer – it will use 16 million tonnes this year – but the crushers rely on the United States and Brazil, which grow GM-soybeans, for 86 percent of China’s 84 million tonnes of soybean imports. In China, which does not permit planting of GMO soybeans, labour costs are high and productivity low on small farms, making non-GMO beans costly to grow. They sell for a third more than non-GMO beans planted elsewhere. Processors such as China Agri Industries, a unit of food and grains trader COFCO and one of the country’s top crushers, told Reuters it needs to improve its sourcing of non-GMO materials, to meet “escalating market demand”. In the meantime, processors are losing money as increased competition with other edible oils and a ballooning glut has pushed soyoil futures in China down 18 percent so far this year to multi-year lows. Some crushers are taking radical steps to find more GMO-free beans. Henan Sunshine Oils and Fats wants to buy as much as 37,000 acres of land in Ukraine to grow and process crops such as non-GMO soybeans, rapeseed and sunflowers, said Yang Renyi, group vice-president and general manager of the international affairs department. ADVERTISMENT Yang’s team made two trips to Ukraine last year to look into the feasibility of producing, storing and processing oilseeds there. “If we managed to get a large area of land to grow oilseeds, we possibly will spend at least 200-300 million yuan (US$29-$43 million) there,” said Yang. Non-GMO oils already account for a fifth of the firm’s sales since it started marketing the new offering late last year, he added. SHAKEN FAITH The shift in attitude against GMOs in China has been fuelled by social media and campaigning by high-profile personalities. The agriculture ministry has sought to assuage consumers’ fears, launching education campaigns and banning advertising that promotes non-GMO products as healthier. But years of food scares have shaken consumers’ faith in Beijing’s ability to guarantee the safety of the nation’s food supply. Cooking oil is a particularly sensitive topic after a scandal over the use of recycled oil known as gutter oil, a few years ago, so shoppers are wary. “Before everyone said soybean oil has GMOs, now the advertising is all about non-GMO soyoil. But we still don’t buy it,” said Maxine Li, a 28-year old bank worker, shopping at the same Walmart. “We think peanut oil is a bit healthier.   ADVERTISMENT Popular articles Farmers overcharged nearly $100 million in CGC… Survey reveals ‘amazing’ soil loss in Great… Police warn about illegal left turns Grain bag slashing angers farmer Genesis plans huge fertilizer supercentre west of… About the author Reuters News Agency — Also by this author USDA pig report likely will have little… EU nations vote against GM crops, but… U.S. corn, soybean harvests bigger than… RobertWager I find the attempts to convince people that China is not going full speed on GE crops a bit funny. Did the critics of GE crop miss the $43 billion dollars they spent on Syngenta? Latest opinion pieces The Canadian farmer’s best friend (for now)… Time for Canadian farmers to work with U.S.… CFIA glyphosate testing shows Canada’s food is… Agriculture should be seen as positive From the Archives: ‘Marketing boards, supply… Newspapers, libraries keep on truckin’ Podcasts Brought to you by: Featured bloggers Ed White Ed White has specialized in markets coverage since 2001 and has achieved the Derivatives Market Specialist (DMS) designation with the Canadian Securities Institute. Markets at a glance Copyright © 2016. All market data is provided by Barchart Market Data Solutions.  Futures: at least 10 minute delayed except as noted. Information is provided 'as is' and solely for informational purposes, not for trading purposes or advice. To see all exchange delays and terms of use, please see disclaimer. Popular articles Time for Canadian farmers to work with U.S.… Drought predicted for Alberta this summer The Canadian farmer’s best friend (for now)… VIDEO: Canada’s agricultural markets update –… Off-highway vehicle riders must wear helmets in… On Twitter Tweets by @westernproducer Subscribe to our e-Newsletters Subscribe to our daily and weekly newsletters, including: Producer Daily, Markets Moment, and Markets Moment: Special Edition. Recent Comments fred on Drought predicted for Alberta this summer Eric Bjerregaard on Excessive glyphosate levels found in 1.3 percent of food samples: CFIA study Aaron Aveiro on Excessive glyphosate levels found in 1.3 percent of food samples: CFIA study richard on Excessive glyphosate levels found in 1.3 percent of food samples: CFIA study Denise on Excessive glyphosate levels found in 1.3 percent of food samples: CFIA study  RSS Feed  Subscribe in a reader Social Media Facebook Twitter   Sections Back All articles News Crops Livestock Markets Weather Farm Living Opinion & Blogs Video WP Twitter Site links Back Subscribe Digital editions Classifieds Advertise Website Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright Statement About Contact ©2017 Western Producer Publications Limited Partnership
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Michael Cammarata – Named Among the Finalists for the EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2017 Award BEVERLY HILLS, CA / ACCESSWIRE / May 2, 2017 / For 31 years now, the annual Ernst & Young’s Entrepreneur of the Year Award has been recognizing the best and brightest leaders shaping today’s ideas into tomorrow’s exceptional companies. Marketing pioneer and startup investor Michael Cammarata has been named one of the finalists for the 2017 award, in recognition for his work with launching Schmidt’s Naturals deodorant into the mainstream marketplace. When Cammarata met Schmidt’s founder Jaime Schmidt in 2014, she was selling the all-natural plant and mineral-based deodorant at local co-ops, farmer’s markets, and retail stores in Portland, Oregon. In only two years, Cammarata expanded the product into a national phenomenon, available now in thousands of retailers such as Target, Urban Outfitters, Kroger, Walmart and Amazon. Michael Cammarata began his entrepreneurial career early, reaching success in his twenties for developing one of the first internet message boards, Ultraboard, as well as a website hosting venture which grew into a full-service Internet advertising and digital support company. More than 15 million websites still use the Ultraboard platform which led the way for other social media platforms like Myspace and Facebook. In 2015, Michael Cammarata launched the venture capital and private equity firm Random Occurrence, where he serves as Chief Global Strategist. The firm is actively investing and strategically partnering with groundbreaking new companies such as Schmidt’s Naturals. Divisions include consumer products, technology, and entertainment. He points to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos as his key inspiration, particularly admiring Bezos’ wide range of interests and the variety of companies his venture capital firm, Bezos Expeditions, invested in, including Airbnb, Uber, Blue Origin, Makerbot Industries and the Washington Post. Bezos himself won the EY Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 1997, three years after founding Amazon, and the same year the company went public. Keenly monitoring the Wall Street market like Bezos, Michael Cammarata was recently quoted in a Forbes article, describing the wide potential for Schmidt’s Naturals and the product’s guiding philosophy to expand beyond just bathroom products. „Ideally, there are not many companies in our space that are publicly traded, and I think there is demand for that,” said Cammarata, „I think the consumers are looking who could come into that and [establish] the standards to the natural products [market].” Michael Cammarata is an innovative entrepreneur and internationally recognized business strategist. A pioneer in marketing to target-specific audiences through online promotions, sweepstakes and affinity-based targeting tactics that have since become a standard strategy for companies of all sizes, he went on to develop a product search and buying system that has since been adopted by some of the world’s largest manufacturers and retailers, including Costco. Cammarata has also invested into the entertainment industry, managing the internationally-popular boy band, Nickelodeon’s Big Time Rush, along with Party Down South. Currently, Cammarata serves as the Chief Global Strategist at Random Occurrence, a venture capital and private equity firm, where he oversees all current holdings, including businesses in consumer products, technology, and entertainment. Random Occurrence – Home: https://www.randomoccurrence.com Michael Cammarata Named Among the Finalists for the EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2017 Award: http://www.bizjournals.com/portland/news/2017/04/26/6-portland-entrepreneurs-vie-for-top-ey-regional.html Michael Cammarata Plans to Establish the Standards to the Natural Products Market: https://www.forbes.com/sites/emmasandler/2017/04/24/the-backstory-on-how-schmidts-naturals-made-deodorant-in-a-jar-fashionable/ Contact Information: ControlPR.com [email protected] 202.759.4575 www.ControlPR.com SOURCE: Michael Cammarata CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CATALYST FUND SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: Kahn Swick & Foti, LLC Reminds Investors of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Lawsuit against Catalyst Hedged Futures Strategy Fund Next PostNext Centerra Gold Announces Election of Directors Search Recent Posts Global Electronic Stability Control (ESC) Market Is Expected To Reach Multimillion Usd By The End Of 2022 Global Electronic Stability Control (ESC) Market Is Expected To Reach Multimillion Usd By The End Of 2022 Global Electronic Stability Control (ESC) Market Is Expected To Reach Multimillion Usd By The End Of 2022 ML Gold Reports Additional Mineralized Zones Containing Visible Gold Identified in Palmetto Gold Project Drilling Summertime Fun Campaign Launched by Big Bounce Fun House Rentals RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Local News Politics Elections SoCal National World News Op/Ed Local Southwest Rivco Temecula Murrieta Menifee Moreno Valley Wildomar Aguanga Corona French Valley Hemet Lake Elsinore Perris Sun City San Jacinto Norco Education Fire Sheriff’s Log SoCal News Imperial County Orange County Los Angeles County Riverside County San Bernardino San Diego County Entertainment Dining Dining Reviews Arts Celebrity News Out and About Music Scene Business Sports Live Traffic More Announcements Faith Health Military Motor Scene Real Estate Obituaries Pets Village News Anza Valley Outlook CLASSIFIEDS Printed Edition (Online) En Español Events About Us Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Contact the editor Letters to the editor Inquire about advertising Inquire about Classifieds Comment about a story Request Event Coverage Submit a Press Release Submit an Obituary Report a technical issue UPDATED: SAN JACINTO: 21-year-old pedestrian killed crossing San Jacinto Ave ID’d By Trevor Montgomery on May 2, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post UPDATE: May 3, 7 p.m. Coroner’s officials have identified the pedestrian who was killed while crossing San Jacinto Avenue, Tuesday morning, May 2. Officials identified the victim as Darrick Peters, 21, of Hemet. According to officials, Peters died after he was struck by an SUV. Peters was pronounced dead at the scene of the traffic accident at 5:31 a.m. Officials are still investigating the deadly accident although in a previous press release, Riverside Sheriff’s Sergeant Pohl explained, “There are no initial indications alcohol or drugs played a role in the collision.” Anyone with information about this collision or who witnessed the deadly accident is encouraged to contact Deputy Cortez or Deputy Cox at the San Jacinto Police Station’s Traffic Division at (951) 537-6411. Callers can refer to incident file number I171220012 and can remain anonymous.   ORIGINAL STORY SAN JACINTO – Officials are investigating after a 21-year-old man was fatally struck while crossing a San Jacinto road Tuesday morning, May 2. The fatal, early-morning, vehicle versus pedestrian collision happened on San Jacinto Avenue near Commonwealth Avenue, just west of Wal-Mart, in San Jacinto. Deputies from the Riverside County Sheriff’s San Jacinto Police Station responded to the accident about 5:18 a.m., after the fatal traffic collision was reported to emergency dispatchers, Riverside Sheriff’s Sergeant Matthew Pohl explained in a written press release hours after the deadly accident. When emergency first responders arrived at the scene of the collision they found a Chevrolet Suburban with moderate front-end damage. Officials also located the victim in the middle of the roadway nearby. The victim had suffered major traumatic injuries when he was struck by the large SUV. Medical personnel immediately attempted life-saving efforts; however, the victim succumbed to his injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident. Officials have not identified the pedestrian, a 21-year-old male resident of Hemet, pending notification of the man’s family. Members of the San Jacinto Police Department’s Traffic Division responded to the scene and conducted an investigation into the cause of the fatal accident. During their investigation, officials determined a white Chevrolet Suburban was traveling southbound on San Jacinto Avenue when the vehicle struck a pedestrian that was crossing the roadway. The intersection where the accident happened has a cross walk; however, it was not immediately known if the victim, who was wearing all dark clothing, was using the cross walk when he was struck. The driver of the vehicle, identified only as a 58-year-old, male resident of San Jacinto, remained at the scene of the accident and was reportedly cooperating with the sheriff’s investigation. “There are no initial indications alcohol or drugs played a role in the collision,” said Pohl. Pohl took the opportunity to remind citizens to follow the rules of the road, cross the street using marked cross walks or intersections and obey signs and signals. “Pedestrians should make eye contact with drivers as they approach and never assume a driver sees you,” said Pohl. “Drivers are encouraged to slow down and look out for pedestrians, especially in hard-to-see conditions such as night or in bad weather.” Anyone with information about this collision or who witnessed the deadly accident is encouraged to contact Deputy Cortez or Deputy Cox at the San Jacinto Police Station’s Traffic Division at (951) 537-6411. Callers can refer to incident file number I171220012 and can remain anonymous. This is a developing story. Additional information will be updated as it becomes available. Share this: Tweet More Share on Tumblr Print Email Related 21, accident, collision, crash, Dead, Deadly, Derrick Peters, died, fatal, killed, pedestrian, San Jacinto, wreck UPDATED: SAN JACINTO: 21-year-old pedestrian killed crossing San Jacinto Ave ID’d added by Trevor Montgomery on May 2, 2017 View all posts by Trevor Montgomery → Trevor Montgomery spent 10 years in the U.S. Army as an Orthopedic Specialist before joining the Riverside County Sheriff Department in 1998. During his time with the sheriff's department, he worked at several different stations, including the Robert Presley Detention Center, the Southwest Station in Temecula and the Lake Elsinore Station along with many other locations. His assignments included Corrections, Patrol, DUI Enforcement, Boat and PWC based Lake Patrol, Problem Oriented Policing Team and he finished his career while working as a Sex Crimes and Child Abuse Investigator. Montgomery was a foster parent to nearly 60 children over 13 years and is now an adoptive parent and has 13 children and 7 grandchildren. Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comments Protected by WP-SpamShield Spam Blocker Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. My Valley Weather Temecula Last Updated on May 3 2017, 10:55 pm PDT Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 64°F Wind: North at 0mph Humidity: 52% Dewpoint: 46.4°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance 951-763-5510 | 1588 S. Mission Rd. Suite 201, Fallbrook CA 92028 Valley News | Copyright © 2016 Village News, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Multimedia Opinion Special Sections Bakersfield Life Kern Business Journal Sponsored About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 80° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today A few clouds. Tonight Mainly clear skies. Low 73F. Winds light and variable. Updated: May 3, 2017 @ 10:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Just One Breath Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Year in Review: 2016 Bakersfield Life 20 under 40 People to Watch Kern Business Journal Sponsored Close Richard Beene BAKERSFIELD OBSERVED: A blog for and about Bakersfield ... life, media, politics and people BY RICHARD BEENE For The Californian May 2, 2017 0 Richard Beene BEAR SIGHTINGS A resident of La Cresta shared with me an almost unbelievable sighting close to midnight last week. "My wife and I had heard noises outside the night before and sure enough it started again," he said. "It was well after 11 p.m. and when I went outside I saw three small bears near an apricot tree. They scattered." The resident said this happened a block off Panorama Drive just up from Garces Memorial High School. Bear sightings in northeast Bakersfield are not particularly rare, but it they normally don't happen until around June or July. CSUB There is some good news for CSU Bakersfield and its students. According to a recent study, CSUB is one of the top universities in the county in terms of upward mobility for its students. The Equality of Opportunity Project found that fully 81 percent of CSUB students who enrolled in the late 1990s moved from the bottom fifth of the income distribution to the top three fifths. Only two schools — Pace University and the New Jersey Institute of Technology — performed better. The ranking is the latest in a series of accolades for CSU Bakersfield. The Washington Monthly ranks CSUB number 1 among Best Bang for the Buck Western Colleges and number 12 in the Top 100 Master’s Universities. SPOTTED ON TWITTER "I'm at the age where a 'lifetime warranty' isn't the incentive it used to be." ZIPPO LIGHTER One of the enduring images of the Vietnam War popped up on Facebook the other day. It is a Zippo lighter with a peace sign reading: "Nam 71-72. We the unwilling led by the unqualified to kill the unfortunate die for the ungrateful." HOMELESSNESS Robert Hyde wrote to lament the explosion of homelessness in our community, starting with the panhandlers who accost patrons in parking lots around town. "We live in Kernville and make our regular trips to Bako to shop - Walmart/Costco/Trader Joe's/Lowe's etc. Once pretty much gone, the panhandlers now roam the intersections and the parking lots. In the Walmart parking lot one accosted us even before we were out of our car and two more caught us on our way back. Also saw two at the bottom of the Highway 99 northbound Rosedale Highway offramp; it was a shift change as one handed his sign off to another before pedaling away on his bicycle, and we saw one more with a sign at the 58 eastbound offramp at Mt. Vernon." MEMORIES Lynn Finch weighed in with this memory of the old Saddle and Sirloin restaurant. "My uncle, Carl Eggers, was the original owner of the Saddle and Sirloin. Before that restaurant was built he owned a little drive-in hamburger restaurant downtown named Carl's, long before the fast food era! It was on the northeast corner of 18th and M streets, I believe, across from Rice Bowl. Bakersfield housing was spreading west of Oleander near Brundage at that time and my uncle had a custom home built on a short little street parallel to Brundage that was named Eggers Street, as his house was the first house on the one block street." CRYSTAL INN And finally Kevin Cornelius added this: "Phil Foster has a very good memory. But the Crystal Inn was not at the old Basque hall location. It was at the northwest corner of the intersection of Planz Road and Union Avenue. That's the location of the now Pick-up Salvage building. Crystal Inn burned down to ashes sometime in 1957." Email contributing columnist Richard Beene at rsbeene@yahoo.com. His work appears here on Wednesdays and Fridays; the views expressed are his own. Read more on his blog at BakersfieldObserved.com. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Videos 4:53 BVarsity Nightly for May 3 Updated 1 hr ago 0 0:45 Debris in Carrier Canal 7 hrs ago 0 4:26 BVarsity Nightly for May 2 Updated May 2, 2017 0 Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Buyer found for 'Speakeasy' house downtown Tennessee Titans sign Ridgeview grad Ferguson; Mazza gets tryout LOIS HENRY: Anti-oil activists don't know who they're picking on PETE TITTL: Two new spots are fast, fresh and first rate Supervisors reject 'non-sanctuary' proposal following passionate debate Daughter on Bakersfield Memorial Hospital fine: 'This means justice for my mom' Defibrillator saves life of 14-year-old boy at Chipman Junior High Downtown march calls for resistance, equality Wasco closing in on first baseball league title since 1993 DANNY MORRISON: Don't let racial microaggressions become macro Images Videos Commented Sheriff proposes "non-sanctuary" status for Kern (20) Sheriff's anti-sanctuary proposal nixed, won't be heard by supervisors (11) JOSE GASPAR: Adios, mamá (11) Supervisors reject 'non-sanctuary' proposal following passionate debate (7) Downtown march calls for resistance, equality (7) DANNY MORRISON: Don't let racial microaggressions become macro (6) LOIS HENRY: 'Unpopular' science plays a vital role in getting at the truth (6) Rudy Salas latest local Dem slapped down for bucking party (5) LOIS HENRY: Anti-oil activists don't know who they're picking on (5) No takers found for 24th Street houses (5) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up Emerging markets create new trends in retail News, 03 May 2017 Topics Evolution of retail Brand & customer experience BANGKOK: Thailand, Vietnam and India are set to lead the charge as retail innovators, with local brands embracing change to future-proof their retail operations against e-commerce. With Asia's emerging markets becoming increasingly wealthy, retailers from across the spectrum – from big box stores such as Walmart to luxury shopping malls – are thinking outside the square to engage younger consumers and take on the region's booming e-commerce market. And the key advantage retailers have, according to Chadatip Chutrakul, CEO of Thai retail developer Siam Piwat, is in customer experience. "We were aware of digital technology and the disruption it was causing that may have led to a downturn in customers," Chutrakul, one of Asia's most influential businesspeople, told the recent World Retail Congress in Dubai. "The fundamental needs and feelings of people don't change," she said. "Whilst online is efficient and convenient, it won't win hearts as there is no interaction." (For more details, read WARC's exclusive report: Retail giants in Thailand, India and Vietnam localise for future growth.) Siam Paragon in Bangkok, one of the country's most premium retail spaces, created an open space in which products are displayed by type, not brand. Cash registers have been replaced by roving sales assistants who use mobile checkout devices and there is a heavy emphasis on interaction. "It's not just about selling products, it's about engaging customers for the long term," Chutrakul explained. "We try to create stories and use a lot of interactive digital technology to help customers understand the products." The company also developed an app to customize messages to consumers and track trends and user behaviour. Siam Paragon communicates daily with customers constantly giving them fresh and engaging content to keep the story alive and create brand advocates. "With this approach, we try and have customers become our ambassadors. Our mantra is 'come play with us' not 'buy from us'," Chutrakul said. Data sourced from WARC Sign up for daily news Latest News UK supermarket sales recover News US mall culture evolves News Immersive formats: the next big revenue stream News The dangers of adcreep News New laws could transform digital marketing News Local solutions boost SEA e-commerce News China's sports boom proves attractive News Print media crisis deepens in Australia and New Zealand View more News and Opinion More from WARC How changing shopper attitudes and technology are re-shaping retail The Asian-American consumer 2015 report The Asian-American consumer 2015 report Get a demo Topics Evolution of retail Brand & customer experience 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Antennas Direct Releases New and Advanced ClearStream MAX HDTV Antennas St. Louis, MO-IL (1888PressRelease) May 04, 2017 – For over 14 years, Antennas Direct has been a leader in reinventing the over-the-air television viewing experience. This month, the company continues the tradition with the release of their latest range of indoor and outdoor TV antennas, the ClearStream 1MAX™, ClearStream 2MAX™ and ClearStream 4MAX™. The MAX series of TV antennas feature little to no assembly, and have scientifically out-performed the competition for reliable long range TV reception. „Just when we thought we couldn’t get any better, our trusted scientists and cord cutting nerds reassured us that we could,” says Richard Schneider, president and founder of Antennas Direct. „After reviewing customer feedback, we’ve had the opportunity to improve the most advanced TV antennas and make them the most powerful, and user friendly, on the market. Because we, unlike the pay-TV companies, care about you. We truly do.” The MAX series TV antennas are ideal for urban, suburban and rural areas where heavy foliage or roofing material reduce the incoming signal. The dedicated UHF and VHF multi-directional elements deliver range and reception in less than ideal locations. The 1MAX™ has a reception distance of 40 miles, the 2MAX™ has a reception distance of 60 miles and the 4MAX™ has a reception distance of 70 miles. The MAX antenna series are made for strength, with corrosion resistant materials and maintenance-free ruggedness to withstand 100 mph winds. All three models are easy to install, with no aiming necessary. „As families continue to cut ties from their cable companies, our goal is to continue creating products for our customers that are both appealing and efficient,” said Schneider. „We’re not only rescuing cord cutters from unreliable cable services, but we’re producing the best high definition television antenna for our consumer to receive TV programming for free and without the struggle and stress of assembly and installation.” The ClearStream MAX series will be available for purchase on the Antennas Direct website and in-stores at major retailers such as Best Buy, Walmart, and Lowe’s by the end of June. About Antennas Direct Antennas Direct is the #1 LEADER in antenna technology, reinventing the antenna for the digital era and dominating the market. With a heritage in over-the-air antennas specifically tuned for core DTV frequencies, Antennas Direct has invested major resources into the discovery and implementation of new antenna designs for digital reception. Founded in 2003, the firm is a member of the Inc. 500|5000 Hall of Fame and Future of TV Coalition. Visit antennasdirect.com for more information. * Antennas Direct will make a limited number of evaluation units available to media upon request. Units will begin shipping the week of May 8th. Contact Erica Skrivan, Erica ( @ ) kolbeco dot net, to receive a unit for review. ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Oral Anticoagulant Market: Recent Study including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Next PostNext Supergeo Releases the Latest Update of SuperGIS Desktop 3.3 Search Recent Posts Top 5 Anti-static Clean Gloves Manufacturers by Applications, Key Players, Products and Production Information Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Global Digital Signage Market to reach $23bn by 2023 Light Gauge Steel Market Research Report 2017-2022: Knauf, Gyproc, Boral, Kirii, Akkon Thiamethoxam Market to Record an Exponential CAGR by 2021 Low-Alcohol Beverages Market Global Industry Analysis, Key Vendors, Opportunity & Forecast 2017 to 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 68° View Live Radar Fri H 55° L 46° Sat H 71° L 47° Sun H 70° L 45° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Pistol whipping, blood licking incident keeps suspected Ringgold, Ga., drug dealer behind bars Pistol whipping, blood licking incident keeps suspected Ringgold, Ga., drug dealer behind bars May 4th, 2017 by Tyler Jett in Local Regional News Related Article Prosecutors: Alleged kidnappers used bale of hay to restrain man, after beating him Read more A Ringgold man from a prominent family will stay behind bars until his methamphetamine distribution case ends. U.S. Magistrate Judge Christopher Steger said during a detention hearing Wednesday that Wesley Gage Weldon, 42, is a threat to the community. If he's free, a prosecutor argued, Weldon may order an attack against someone who has betrayed him. And there's a chance he won't show up to his trial, scheduled for July 3. In January, according to a Catoosa County Sheriff's Office report, Weldon's associates beat a man because they believed he stole $500 from Weldon. In a field across from his house on Potts Road, the group allegedly punched Zach Williams, pistol whipped him, bound his wrists with duct tape, stripped him nude, rolled a bale of hay on top of him, and abandoned him. Related Article North Georgia meth ring suspect may have to repay $255,000 in drug sale profits if convicted Read more Also, according to Wednesday testimony from Drug Enforcement Administration Special Agent Derek Brown, Weldon helped attack another man involved in the alleged methamphetamine conspiracy. The victim, James Lawhorn, supposedly sold Weldon's Galaxy Note tablet at a pawn shop. In turn, Brown testified, Weldon and others forced Lawhorn to walk around a house in high heels and a pink T-shirt. Then, someone pistol whipped him and forced him to lick his own blood off the floor. "That sort of thing suggests an element of cruelty that is extremely disturbing to the court and is beyond the sort of thing I normally hear," Steger said Wednesday. On March 28, a grand jury in the Eastern District of Tennessee indicted Weldon and eight other people on a count of conspiracy to distribute more than 500 grams of a substance that contains methamphetamine. The grand jury also indicted Weldon individually with distributing methamphetamine. Weldon is the brother of former Georgia State Rep. Tom Weldon, R-Ringgold. He is also the son of Dr. Darrell Weldon, a popular OB-GYN in North Georgia who served as the chairman of Hutcheson Medical Center's board. He also has a rap sheet in Catoosa County that includes shooting a friend in the leg and threatening an ex over the phone. In January 2016, Brown testified, an undercover agent met Weldon in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart on Brainerd Road through one of Weldon's alleged customers. Weldon said he had been selling methamphetamine for a long time but only had 1.2 grams of the drug on that day. Brown said Weldon's phone records show he made calls to a Mexico phone number linked to the subject of another methamphetamine distribution case. Another DEA target also allegedly told investigators that he sold the drug to Weldon. Weldon's attorney, Chris Townley, argued the evidence hardly shows his client is a prominent dealer. He barely sold more than 1 gram of methamphetamine during the controlled buy. And as for the attack in January, for which Weldon faces an attempted murder charge, the evidence never showed Weldon at the scene of the crime. And though others claim Weldon orchestrated that attack, Townley said Williams didn't think Weldon caused his pain. "After Mr. Williams got out of the hospital," Townley said on cross examination, "he went back to Mr. Weldon's house." "I don't know that," Brown testified. But Steger still ruled against Townley, saying Weldon has resisted police orders in the past. In January, when he found out the sheriff's office had issued warrants against him for attempted murder, Weldon called Catoosa County Capt. Chris Lyons. He said he wanted to talk to Lyons "man to man" but didn't want officers coming to his house. "Either you're going to kill me, or," Weldon started to say, a recording of the call played Wednesday shows. Weldon paused for a second. "I don't want to kill nobody else," he said. "You know what I mean?" When officers arrived at Weldon's house that day, they found a man speeding off on a motorcycle. They also found a message spray painted on a building next to the house: "[Expletive] you DTF. ... I'm coming for you!!" U.S. marshals found him in Rossville soon after. Contact Staff Writer Tyler Jett at 423-757-6476 or tjett@timesfreepress.com. Follow him on Twitter @LetsJett. More Articles Read previous article Police believe teen girl, man planned for weeks to flee Dayton, Tenn. Read next article Hamilton County property assessor to save overtime with new tech Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles Strong weather system expected to bring high winds, storms to Chattanooga area President Trump not driving gun sales like Obama did in his presidency Police believe teen girl, man planned for weeks to flee Dayton, Tenn. Pistol whipping, blood licking incident keeps suspected Ringgold, Ga., drug dealer behind bars Hamilton County property assessor to save overtime with new tech Signal Mountain committee: Break from Hamilton Schools must boost quality, bottom line Man shot with flare gun during argument on North Hawthorne Street Georgia losing patience with drug treatment tourists Two Chattanooga area doctors warn against Obamacare repeal effort Seven bounty hunters charged with murder after shooting at wrong car in Tennessee Cleveland man goes to prison for 20 years for being a career criminal Dalton man accused of forcing teenage girls to have sex for money
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune Cloud-filtered sun rays light a lone oak tree in northern Minnesota. Photo: Elizabeth Flores/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Poll: Time for Minnesota to toughen laws for texting drivers In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away U.S. House now is setting up vote on health care bill Thursday Minneapolis Park Board votes for new name for Lake Calhoun Hodges, Harteau meet to discuss new Fourth Precinct inspector Minnesota native running for Virginia governor defends Confederacy Patience, clutch hitting help Twins trounce A's again Peterson takes subtle jabs at Vikings during interview in New Orleans Minneapolis settles lawsuit against 'Rehab Addict' star Nicole Curtis Celebrate the Kentucky Derby with these stylish Minnesota hats 'Google Docs' virus swarming e-mail accounts in MN and far beyond next Local 421238373 Twin Cities' Meals on Wheels opens dedicated kitchen in Minneapolis "Kitchen of Opportunity" will improve service, quality for seniors.  By Karen Zamora Star Tribune May 3, 2017 — 11:25pm Glen Stubbe - Star Tribune Executive Chef Kris Almsted carved this Meals on Wheels watermelon fresh fruit platter for the grand opening celebration. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Meals on Wheels in the Twin Cities finally has its own kitchen, after years depending on for-profit catering services to feed hundreds of seniors. In partnership with Open Arms, Metro Meals on Wheels opened “Kitchen of Opportunity” on March 1 in the Urban Ventures building in south Minneapolis as a way to save money and feed more clients in a period of uncertainty about federal funding. “Bringing meal production in-house as opposed to purchasing them from a caterer not only takes profit out of the equation in terms of meal costs, but allows us greater control over providing outstanding meals to our recipients,” Patrick Rowan, Metro Meals on Wheels’ executive director, said in a statement. “It really allows us to offer the best service and best quality of meals in the community.” Two community programs (Community Emergency Assistance Program and Community Emergency Service) that provide Meals on Wheels to metro residents have jumped on board to feed about 500 area residents. Mike Krachmer, Meals on Wheels’ program manager at Community Emergency Service, said his group is saving about $60,000 a year by making the switch from a catering service. “If we are speaking in meals, that’s about 6,000 meals,” Krachmer said. GLEN STUBBE - Star Tribune Executive Chef Kris Almsted, center, prepared a batch of vegetarian Alfredo for the grand opening of the new Meals on Wheels kitchen. A batch of fresh baked blueberry muffins in the foreground for the grand opening. Two years in the making, the plan has gotten funding from Wal-Mart, General Mills, Meals on Wheels America, Ameriprise and the Richard M. Schulze Family Foundation. “It’s really critical for us to take this step right now,” Rowan said. “The senior population is expected to double, and we want to be prepared for that.” Before the new kitchen, clients living in different areas of the metro were being served different meals. “It’s bigger than serving hamburgers here and meatballs there. It’s about specific diets,” Rowan said. April Bogard, executive director of Open Arms, which oversees production of the meals, said a registered dietitian was hired to create meals meeting nutrition requirements under the Older Americans Act. “We believe really strongly that food is medicine,” Bogard said. Although proposed funding cuts could hit Metro Meals on Wheels, Krachmer said that Community Emergency Service should be OK. “Funding is always in question, but federal funding should not affect our clients,” he said. On Wednesday, various nonprofits held a ribbon-cutting ceremony outside Urban Ventures to show off the new kitchen. Executive chef Kris Almsted made teriyaki meatballs and vegetarian Alfredo. He gave a tour of his new workspace and demonstrated how meals are packaged. “Food is my passion,” Almsted said. “And to serve clients that need it and are extremely appreciative — that’s great.”   karen.zamora@startribune.com 612-673-4647 karenanelzamora View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away 'Google Docs' virus swarming e-mail accounts in MN and far beyond U prof, 2 other Minnesotans killed in crash in Czech Republic 'Fidget spinners' are all the rage, but some Minnesota schools have had enough Kayak sharing along Mississippi in the works Austin's Hormel Institute cancer research center expands again A comprehensive transportation bill is sorely needed for roads, bridges, transit in Minnesota EcoMetro tour focuses on homes that are stylish and sustainable Minneapolis Head Start director's salary exceeds federal cap More From Local West Metro 5 minutes ago In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away Intense investigation underway after reported shooting, with warning for those between Portland and Lyndale avenues, 84th Street to American Boulevard. Local 12:55am How do you say 'Bde Maka Ska'? The Minneapolis Park Board voted unanimously to change the name of Lake Calhoun to Bde Maka Ska, its original Dakota name meaning 'White Earth Lake.' Minneapolis 12:54am Minneapolis Park Board votes for new name for Lake Calhoun The choice of Bde Maka Ska, the lake's original Dakota name, as the sole one still must go through several more layers of approval. St. Paul 12:52am St. Paul skyway concert another step to transform Central Station area Organizers hope concerts and doughnuts pump up the Central Station skyway with positive vibes. Books 12:45am Minnesota prof's coloring book pokes fun at college life Julie Schumacher found plenty of fodder for her career detour into adult coloring books from two decades teaching at the University of Minnesota, which has its own therapy animals for stressed-out students to pet. Top Stories Poll: Time for Minnesota to toughen laws for texting drivers May. 3 In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away 5 minutes ago U.S. House now is setting up vote on health care bill Thursday May. 3 Most Read In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away • West Metro 'Google Docs' virus swarming e-mail accounts in MN and far beyond • Local Minneapolis Park Board votes for new name for Lake Calhoun • Minneapolis U prof, 2 other Minnesotans killed in crash in Czech Republic • Local Poll: Time for Minnesota to toughen laws for texting drivers • Local World New Brighton man chooses North Korea to run his first 10K race Le Pen and Macron clash in no holds-barred debate in France Nation 'Google Docs' virus swarming e-mail accounts in MN and far beyond Facebook ramps up its response to violent videos Politics Poll: Time for Minnesota to toughen laws for texting drivers U.S. House now is setting up vote on health care bill Thursday markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Patience, clutch hitting help Twins trounce A's again Reusse: Twins letting Vargas show he could be 'another Big Papi' Vikings Drafting Cook: How often does trading up for a running back work out? Peterson takes subtle jabs at Vikings during interview in New Orleans MN United Loons defender Greenspan likely to stay on loan to Pittsburgh Racism scars European soccer with sanctions still often weak Celebrities Brad Pitt talks Angelina Jolie divorce, giving up alcohol Minnesotan who made viral video 'Chocolate Rain' reminisces after 10 years Super Bowl LII Super Bowl group quietly plans sex trafficking prevention efforts Super Bowl Host Committee will pay back Minneapolis $5 million for services poll Poll: Should the name of Lake Calhoun be changed? 10,000 Takes Why men like me should talk openly about depression Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Miss Minnesota USA's first contestant with Down syndrome 02:46 Mikayla Holmgren demonstrates some dance moves for the camera at Bethel University. Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Help Identify Theft Suspect who Stole Woman’s Purse in California May 3, 2017 On Saturday, April 29, 2017 at approximately 9:15 a.m, a tall black male (seen in the video) stole a purse containing a very large sum of cash. The victim was at the Cheseldine Car Wash, at 22667 Mercedes Drive, in California, when the suspect stole a purse containing $5,000 cash from the front seat of the victims car while she was vacuuming out the vehicle. The suspect then fled on foot towards Chancellors Run Road and was last seen on the bike paths in the area of the Walmart. Anyone who can identify this person is encouraged to leave a comment below, or contact CRIME SOLVERS at 301.475.3333 or text a tip to “TIP239” plus your message to “CRIMES” (274637). You can also call the St. Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office Duty Officer at 301-475-8008   This entry was posted on May 3, 2017 at 11:43 am and is filed under All News, Community, County, Crime Solvers, Law Enforcement, St. Mary's News, St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers, Top News, z 600X120 Top Ad Bottom, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 16 Responses to Help Identify Theft Suspect who Stole Woman’s Purse in California Heather on May 3, 2017 at 12:01 pm Are those jorts or capris he has on? Reply The Fake Bob Lob Law on May 3, 2017 at 3:10 pm Does it matter? We both know the answer to that. Reply Nick on May 3, 2017 at 12:27 pm Quit leaving valuables in your cars! Reply Maybe the perp in the capris is Nick on May 3, 2017 at 3:46 pm Nick thinks its your fault for getting your stuff stolen. It isn’t the POS thief that is at fault here, its you for leaving your valuables in your car, 4 feet away from you… Reply Opie on May 3, 2017 at 5:05 pm According to the article, she didn’t leave her purse and walked away. She was there vacuuming her car when he took the purse from the front seat. Don’t blame the victim because a thief is on the loose. Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 8:14 pm Quit being a bleeding heart liberal POS how about that you idiot SMMFH. Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 1:12 pm Unless the person is a business owner (maybe), what the h3ll is somebody doing randomly driving around with $5 G’s in their car? Reply Localboy on May 3, 2017 at 2:08 pm I’m guessing she owns a business? How many people do you know that have 5K cash in their purse? Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 2:19 pm that looks like Adam Silcott Roberts Reply AliceW on May 3, 2017 at 2:19 pm Round up all the cocain dealers and ask them who he is. You might even pick him up at the same time since he has the cash, assuming it is real. Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 2:34 pm Looking at his walk and cloths they might want to check out the gay hangouts. He probably took the purse because it matched his outfit. With the amount of money in the purse the crime went from petty theft to a felony so he better have fun now because when they catch him he will do some serious time. Reply WS on May 3, 2017 at 2:43 pm Sweet walk Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 3:11 pm Is it just me, or are these thugs starting to look more and more effeminate? He looks oddly comfortable carrying a purse. Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 3:28 pm now wait… she had $5000 in her purse? And she’s vacuuming out her car with that just sitting on her seat… Come the _ _ _ _ on, I am not saying the man didn’t steal her purse but there is NO way any sane person would have $5000 cash and just leave that laying on the seat or even stop to vacuum their car… something is fishy here… Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 4:01 pm Looks like a boy named raQuan. Always walking around Lexington Park. How embarrassing is that. Go get a job . Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 4:03 pm It is so sad that some POS thief takes some lady’s purse and people shame her for carrying her money in her car. Why not work with police to find trash like this guy and work with the community to run all the crooks and dealers out of our county so people can trust people and feel confident their property is safe in their own car/house again. Up until 15 year ago my grandmother and parents never locked their car or house. Now, with all the transplants, it is hard to know who to trust. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Archives May 2017 (50) April 2017 (272) March 2017 (314) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (323) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (559) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Thursday, May 04, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion State No charges against officer who killed Ohio State attacker ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on May 3, 2017 | Updated 6:10 p. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print COLUMBUS, Ohio — A grand jury today cleared a police officer who fatally shot the man responsible for a car-and-knife attack at Ohio State University last year. At issue were actions taken by OSU officer Alan Horujko in November when he shot and killed 18-year-old attacker Abdul Razak Ali Artan. Horujko killed the Somali-born Artan after he drove into a crowd outside a classroom building on Nov. 28 and then attacked people with a knife. Thirteen people were injured in the attack. Several witnesses reported that Artan did not respond to Horujko’s orders to drop the knife and instead began running toward the officer, who was forced to fire five times, said Franklin County Prosecutor Ron O’Brien in announcing the grand jury results. “The subsequent police investigation confirmed that this was an act of terrorism by a lone wolf and no other co-conspirators were identified,” O’Brien said. Horujko is back on regular duty, the university said. The university is grateful for Horujko’s quick response and to all other first responders that day, said Monica Moll, the university’s public safety director. Horujko’s “quick and effective response ended the tragic incident within seconds and almost certainly prevented additional injuries,” Moll said today. Authorities have said they believe Artan’s attack was partly inspired by an American-born cleric killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen. Beyond that, little was known of Artan’s motives. He graduated with honors from Columbus State Community College a year ago, earning an associate of arts degree. A video of his graduation ceremony showed him jumping and spinning onto the stage and smiling broadly, drawing laughs, cheers and smiles from graduates and faculty members. He transferred to Ohio State to get his bachelor’s degree. He gave an interview to the university’s student newspaper in August, saying he was looking for a place to pray openly and worried how he would be received. The FBI said Artan was not known to counterterrorism authorities beforehand. Sometime the morning of the attack, Artan bought a knife at a nearby Wal-Mart and posted a series of Facebook rants showing he nursed grievances against the U.S., according to Columbus police and the FBI. After arriving on campus, Artan drove his car over a curb and into a crowd of people, then got out and started slashing at people with a knife. He was shot to death almost immediately by Horujko. In those Facebook posts, Artan railed against U.S. intervention in Muslim lands and warned, “If you want us Muslims to stop carrying lone wolf attacks, then make peace” with the Islamic State group. Artan came to the U.S. in 2014 as the child of a refugee. He had been living in Pakistan from 2007 to 2014. Following the attack, Ohio State began beefing up its emergency alert system and streamlining the way officials communicate in a crisis after the attack exposed some flaws in the text-message procedure. Some campus contractors and visitors weren’t aware of campus-wide “Buckeye Alerts” to seek shelter during the attack, according to a university review of that day. In addition, too much time passed between the 10 alerts, which were issued over a period of about seven hours, according to the report. The initial alerts also lacked specifics about the attack, the report said. Related Items ohio state university , ohio , united states , north america , yemen , middle east , columbus , Alan Horujko , Abdul Razak Ali Artan Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Thursday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ROUTE 632 (HICKORY RIDGE ROAD) WILL BE CLOSED AT ROUTE 1 NEXT WEEK IN SPOTSYLVANIA COUNTY – Culvert pipe installation will detour daytime traffic to Route 608 (Massaponax Church Road) from Monday, May 1 – Friday, May 5 Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 Search Recent Posts CORRECTING and REPLACING Utah Technology Council (UTC) Announces CEO Search Fed, NAB to the rescue Dollar drops as Fed statement leaves June rate hike likely Grupo Famsa fortalece su estructura financiera y avanza en transformar su operación para mejorar su rentabilidad Battling It Out In New Orleans – Sustainabody Takes on PITCH at Collision RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. Bad weather on Tuesday will postpone the closure until Wednesday. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin Monday. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious REHAB PROJECT BEGINS MONDAY ON RT. 628 BOX CULVERT – Motorists detoured during four-month closure Next PostNext NEW ACCESS RAMP TO ROUTE 666 OPENS APRIL 10 – Motorists should use caution while traffic adjusts to new traffic pattern Search Recent Posts ROSTHERNE, A New Favorite of Anti-aging Beauty Awards Top 3 KODI 17.0 Android TV Boxes Introduced by Top 10 TV Boxes Top 3 KODI 17.0 Android TV Boxes Introduced by Top 10 TV Boxes ErickDy Consulting Helps Dental Practices and Their Potential Clients Find Each Other Golden Hill TruckCoin Officially Welcomes & Congratulates Vietnam Market Leaders During Inaugural Five Star Hotel Dinner Gala RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Friday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious REHAB PROJECT BEGINS MONDAY ON RT. 628 BOX CULVERT – Motorists detoured during four-month closure Next PostNext NEW ACCESS RAMP TO ROUTE 666 OPENS APRIL 10 – Motorists should use caution while traffic adjusts to new traffic pattern Search Recent Posts ROSTHERNE, A New Favorite of Anti-aging Beauty Awards Top 3 KODI 17.0 Android TV Boxes Introduced by Top 10 TV Boxes Top 3 KODI 17.0 Android TV Boxes Introduced by Top 10 TV Boxes ErickDy Consulting Helps Dental Practices and Their Potential Clients Find Each Other Golden Hill TruckCoin Officially Welcomes & Congratulates Vietnam Market Leaders During Inaugural Five Star Hotel Dinner Gala RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 4 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin April 17. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHARE YOUR INPUT ON TRANSPORTATION PRIORITIES – Comments invited in person on April 25, via mail or email by May 16 Next PostNext May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts ROSTHERNE, A New Favorite of Anti-aging Beauty Awards Top 3 KODI 17.0 Android TV Boxes Introduced by Top 10 TV Boxes Top 3 KODI 17.0 Android TV Boxes Introduced by Top 10 TV Boxes ErickDy Consulting Helps Dental Practices and Their Potential Clients Find Each Other Golden Hill TruckCoin Officially Welcomes & Congratulates Vietnam Market Leaders During Inaugural Five Star Hotel Dinner Gala RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Heath Check Entertainment Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Our News Team Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Local Sports NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Full Court Press NCAA Hoops Scholar Athlete of the Week NHRA Sweepstakes Report It! Community Community Calendar Pets Someone You Should Know Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Scholar Athlete of the Week NHRA Sweepstakes Obituaries Official Contest Rules Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 44° F Few Clouds Hi: 54° F Lo: 44° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Heath Check Entertainment Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Our News Team Latest Headlines Topeka comes together to heal in wake of recent shootings May 3, 2017 A prayer vigil was held Wednesday night at Antioch Missionary Baptist Church. Royals score three in the 6th, cruise past White Sox May 3, 2017 Nate Karns pitched six innings of one-hit ball, striking out four in his final frame, and the Kansas City Royals cruised to a 6-1 victory ov… Sporting KC beats NY Red Bulls, jumps to 1st in Western Conference May 3, 2017 Rossville’s Amanda Hill signs to play basketball at Kansas Wesleyan May 3, 2017 Topeka Police acknowledge rise in violent crime May 3, 2017 Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 44° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 41° F Wind: W 6 Humidity: 96% Dewpoint: 43° F Sunrise: 6:21 AM Sunset: 8:17 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Local Sports NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Full Court Press NCAA Hoops Scholar Athlete of the Week NHRA Sweepstakes Latest Headlines Royals score three in the 6th, cruise past White Sox May 3, 2017 Nate Karns pitched six innings of one-hit ball, striking out four in his final frame, and the Kansas City Royals cruised to a 6-1 victory ov… Sporting KC beats NY Red Bulls, jumps to 1st in Western Conference May 3, 2017 Dominic Dwyer scored two second-half goals, Tim Melia had his sixth shutout of the season and Sporting KC beat the New York Red Bulls 2-0 on… Rossville’s Amanda Hill signs to play basketball at Kansas Wesleyan May 3, 2017 KU transfer Carlton Bragg Jr. chooses Arizona State May 3, 2017 Cair Paravel enjoying successful first season of boys volleyball May 2, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Pets Someone You Should Know Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Scholar Athlete of the Week NHRA Sweepstakes Obituaries Official Contest Rules Latest Headlines Safe Streets honor parents of Blake Cazier #TeamBlake May 3, 2017 The Safe Streets organization honored the family of a 2-year-old who died of cancer earlier this year. Valeo celebrates 50 years of service May 3, 2017 Valeo Behavioral Health Care has been serving Topeka and Shawnee County for decades. West Topeka school turns 75 May 2, 2017 Topeka police release video of officer rescuing child from pond May 3, 2017 Stormont Vail CEO says they were never approached to buy St. Francis May 1, 2017 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 44° F Few Clouds Hi: 54° F Lo: 44° F A look at high-profile police shootings The Associated Press Published: May 3, 2017, 6:26 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - In this Tuesday, July 5, 2016 image made from video, Alton Sterling is restrained by two Baton Rouge police officers, one holding a gun, outside a convenience store in Baton Rouge, La. Moments later, one of the officers shot and killed Sterling, a black man who had been selling CDs outside the store, while he was on the ground. Officers Blane Salamoni and Howie Lake II were placed on administrative leave. Neither has been charged. The U.S. Justice Department decided not to charge the two officers, according to a person familiar with the decision who disclosed it to the AP on Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Federal authorities opened a civil rights investigation immediately after the shooting. The Justice Department's decision doesn't preclude state authorities from conducting their own investigation and pursuing their own criminal charges. (Arthur Reed via AP) BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — Federal prosecutors announced Wednesday that they will not seek charges against two white police officers who were involved in a deadly encounter with a black man in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, last summer. Alton Sterling, 37, was shot to death July 5, 2016, as two white officers pinned him to the pavement outside a convenience store where he had been selling CDs. The killing was captured on cellphone video and circulated widely online, sparking demonstrations across Baton Rouge. U.S. Attorney Corey Amundson said Sterling was armed during the confrontation and the investigation didn’t find enough evidence to pursue charges. After the announcement, attorneys for Sterling’s family said the white officer who shot Sterling had threatened him before they got into the struggle. State authorities will now investigate and decide whether to bring charges. Here is more information on some other high-profile killings by police: ___ ERIC GARNER The 43-year-old black man died in July 2014 in New York City after a white officer placed him in a chokehold during an arrest for selling loose cigarettes. A grand jury declined to indict that officer, nor any others involved in the arrest. The city agreed to pay a $6 million civil settlement. ___ JORDAN EDWARDS This black 15-year-old was fatally shot Saturday by a suburban Dallas police officer while a passenger in a car that was moving away, not in reverse toward officers. Balch Springs Police Chief Jonathan Haber said Monday that police video contradicts his department’s original statement about the high school freshman’s killing by officers investigating an underage drinking complaint at a house party Edwards was leaving. The officer, identified as Roy Oliver, was fired on Tuesday for violating department policies in Edwards’ death. Oliver is white, according to the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement. ___ TERENCE CRUTCHER Tulsa, Oklahoma, police Officer Betty Jo Shelby’s manslaughter trial begins Monday in the shooting of Crutcher, an unarmed man. Shelby, who is white, shot the 40-year-old man on Sept. 16, shortly after she arrived on a street to find Crutcher’s SUV stopped in the middle of the road. Crutcher was seen without a weapon and with his hands up on videos from a patrol car dashboard and a police helicopter before Shelby shot him. Police Chief Chuck Jordan has said Crutcher did not have a gun on his body nor in his SUV. Shelby has pleaded not guilty. ___ PHILANDO CASTILE Castile was shot and killed July 6 by officer Jeronimo Yanez, who is Hispanic, after being pulled over as he drove through a suburb of St. Paul, Minnesota, with his girlfriend and her young daughter in the car. Livestreaming on Facebook moments later, his girlfriend said Castile, 32, was shot while reaching for his ID after telling the officer he had a gun permit and was armed. Ramsey County Attorney John Choi concluded that Yanez wasn’t justified in using deadly force. Yanez is charged with manslaughter and is free ahead of his trial scheduled to start later this month. ___ REKIA BOYD Chicago police officer Dante Servin resigned in May 2016 after the police superintendent said he should be fired for killing an unarmed black woman four years earlier. Servin was off-duty when he shot 22-year-old Rekia Boyd. She had been walking down a street with her friends when he told them to be quiet, and he fired when he thought he saw a gun. Prosecutors charged Servin with involuntary manslaughter, a judge acquitted him in April 2016, saying he’d been improperly charged. The city settled a wrongful-death lawsuit in 2013 with Boyd’s family for $4.5 million. ___ MICHAEL BROWN The 18-year-old black man was fatally shot by a white officer, Darren Wilson, in August 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. A grand jury declined to indict Wilson, and the U.S. Justice Department opted against civil rights charges. Wilson later resigned. The death of Brown, who was unarmed, led to months of occasionally violent protests and became a catalyst for the Black Lives Matter movement, which rebukes police treatment of minorities. ___ LAQUAN MCDONALD Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder in November 2015, on the same day that the city, under a judge’s orders, released dashcam video showing McDonald, a 17-year-old black man, being shot 16 times on Oct. 20, 2014. Van Dyke, who is white, has pleaded not guilty. The video prompted local and federal investigations; The Justice Department determined in January that Chicago police have a long history of civil rights violations and excessive force. ___ AKAI GURLEY Rookie New York City police officer Peter Liang was convicted of manslaughter last year in the November 2014 death of 28-year-old Gurley. Liang, an American of Chinese descent, said he was patrolling a public housing high-rise with his gun drawn when a sound startled him and he fired accidentally. A bullet ricocheted off a wall, hitting Gurley. A judge reduced the conviction to negligent homicide and sentenced Liang to five years’ probation and 800 hours of community service. The city settled with Gurley’s family for $4.1 million. ___ TAMIR RICE Twelve-year-old Tamir Rice was fatally shot by a white Cleveland police officer near a gazebo in a recreational area in November 2014. Officers were responding to a report of a man waving a gun. The boy had a pellet gun tucked in his waistband and was shot right after their cruiser skidded to a stop, just feet away. A grand jury in December 2015 declined to indict patrolman Timothy Loehmann, who fired the fatal shot, and training officer Frank Garmback. The city settled his family’s lawsuit for $6 million. The officers still could be disciplined or fired by the department. ____ FREDDIE GRAY The 25-year-old man was shackled but alive when he was put in Baltimore police van in April 2015. He came out with severe neck injuries, and his subsequent death led to rioting. Six officers were charged initially, but prosecutors in July dropped all remaining charges after acquittals and a hung jury. Gray’s family agreed to a $6.4 million settlement with the city in September 2015. ____ ERIC HARRIS Former Tulsa County volunteer sheriff’s deputy Robert Bates, 74, was sentenced in June to four years in prison for second-degree manslaughter in the April 2015 death of Harris, 44, a black man who was unarmed and restrained. Bates, who is white, has said he confused his stun gun with his handgun. That shooting led to the temporary suspension of the reserve deputy program after a report found poor training of the volunteer officers, a lack of oversight, and cronyism. Bates is appealing his conviction. ___ WILLIAM CHAPMAN II Former Portsmouth, Virginia, Police Officer Stephen Rankin was sentenced in October to 2½ years in prison for fatally shooting this unarmed 18-year-old while responding to a shoplifting call outside a Wal-Mart on April 22, 2015. Prosecutors allege Rankin killed Chapman “willfully, deliberately and with premeditation.” Chapman’s body was reportedly delivered to the medical examiner with handcuffs still bound behind his back. Some witnesses said Chapman was combative, and one said he knocked away Rankin’s stun gun. Rankin, who is white, was fired. ___ SAM DUBOSE Prosecutors plan to retry former University of Cincinnati police officer Ray Tensing this month in the killing of an unarmed black motorist during a traffic stop near the campus in July 2015. The jury deadlocked after his first murder trial. He faces 15 years to life if convicted. Tensing’s body camera captured much of the encounter, although the two sides dispute what conclusions can be reached. Tensing’s attorney says DuBose was using his car as a deadly weapon. The university fired Tensing, restructured its public safety department and reached a $5.3 million settlement that includes free undergraduate tuition for DuBose’s 13 children. ___ JEREMY MCDOLE McDole, 28, was sitting in his wheelchair when he was shot and killed in September 2015 in Wilmington, Delaware, after police received a 911 call about a man with a gun. A bystander’s cellphone footage showed officers repeatedly telling McDole to drop his weapon and raise his hands, with McDole reaching for his waist area before shots erupted. The Delaware attorney general’s office decided against criminal charges against four Wilmington police officers involved, although investigators concluded one officer showed “extraordinarily poor” police work. In January, a federal judge approved the city’s $1.5 million settlement with McDole’s family. ___ RICKY BALL Former Columbus, Mississippi, police officer Canyon Boykin, who is white, was indicted in September for manslaughter in the shooting death of Ball, 26. Boykin said he fired because Ball appeared to point a gun at him during a foot chase in October 2015. The city fired Boykin, saying the officer violated policy by not turning on his body camera, by inviting his fiancee to ride with him and by making derogatory social media posts about African-Americans, women and disabled people. Boykin has sued the city, claiming violations of his constitutional rights. Ball’s family has sued Boykin, the city and other police officials for wrongful death. ___ JAMAR CLARK The November 2015 shooting death of 24-year-old Clark sparked weeks of protests in Minneapolis. The officers, Mark Ringgenberg and Dustin Schwarze, were trying to arrest Clark when he was shot once in the head. He died a day later. Some witnesses said Clark was handcuffed when he was shot, but federal and state probes concluded that he was not. Investigators said Ringgenberg felt Clark’s hand trying to grab his weapon and shouted to Schwarze, who then shot Clark. Prosecutors decided not to charge either white officer, and an internal police investigation cleared them. ___ KEITH LAMONT SCOTT A prosecutor cleared a black Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officer in the fatal shooting of Scott, 43, who was killed while sitting in his vehicle in the parking lot of his Charlotte apartment complex as officers sought another man. A police review board decided last month that Officer Brentley Vinson followed proper procedure. Police video showed officers shouting for Scott to drop a gun numerous times as he slowly backed out of an SUV. Scott’s family said he did not have a gun and was reading a book. Charlotte-Mecklenburg District Attorney Andrew Murray cited evidence that Scott was armed, including a store’s surveillance video, DNA recovered from a handgun and a Facebook conversation from the man who said he sold the stolen gun to Scott. Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Race issues loom over shooting of teen by officer Pepsi says it’s pulling widely mocked ad Correction: People-Kendall Jenner story Federal overhauls of police departments bring mixed results Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 1998-2017 KSNT.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Police: Man, teen both to be charged in killing of gas station c - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Earth Day 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS Earth Day The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Earth Day Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It Earth Day The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Police: Man, teen both to be charged in killing of gas station clerk Posted: Wednesday, May 3, 2017 7:04 PM EDT Updated: Wednesday, May 3, 2017 7:04 PM EDT Kara Apel, Kim St. Onge & Hayley Mason Nashville, Tennessee -- Police say the man and teenage girl at the center of a Amber Alert are both suspects in the murder of a gas station clerk in west Nashville. Officers found 28-year-old Daniel Clark and 15-year-old Trinity Quinn near the intersection of Old Hickory Boulevard and Charlotte Pike around 10:30 a.m. Wednesday. Metro Nashville Police Department spokesman Don Aaron said a truck driver noticed Quinn standing on the side of the road and called police. Officers swarmed the wooded area with guns drawn, yelling at Clark and Quinn to surrender. They were found in a ditch not too far off the road. Police said Clark and Quinn, both of Dayton, TN, were taken into custody without incident. Both were taken to the West Precinct for questioning. Metro police said both Clark and Quinn have given statements and will be charged with criminal homicide, especially aggravated robbery and attempted auto theft. Investigators searched a backpack belonging to the suspects and said they found a gun inside. Police are calling Quinn a suspect because they believe she had ample time to get away during the shooting but chose to flee with Clark instead. According to the Metro Nashville Police Department, Clark shot 58-year-old John Daniel Stevens during a robbery around 9:30 p.m. Tuesday. Clark reportedly shopped around the store for a short period of time before getting out the gun. Aaron called the murder "brutal," saying that Clark shot Stevens multiple times before going through his pockets and running out of the store. "We are grateful to the police and to the alert citizen who called them. We're grateful he's been caught," said Stevens' sister-in-law, Elise Stevens, about the arrest of the suspects. After interviewing Clark and Quinn, Metro police said they believe they entered the Exxon to force Stevens to give up his car keys so they could leave the area. After the shooting, police said the two went to an SUV parked outside the store and attempted to open it, but had the wrong keys. Clark then allegedly fired shots into the vehicle's window and attempted to steal the vehicle, but the key did not work. Clark in Quinn then fled the area on foot. Police said they believe Clark and Quinn knew each other for a number of years and had been planning to run away together for the past several weeks. Investigators said the two arrived in Nashville late Monday night or early Tuesday morning and parked at the west Nashville Walmart when their van ran out of gas. The two are believed to have stayed in the van and walked around the area before going to the Exxon Tuesday night. Stevens' family has set up a GoFundMe account to raise money for funeral expenses. Click here to read more. A woman who works at a nearby business who stopped by the gas station frequently said Stevens was a nice man. "When I'd go in, he would smile, and you know, one time I went in there and I took my change and I put it up on the counter, and he was like that's not gonna get you to Mt. Juliet ... he put money on the counter for me for gas, and so it's amazing that there was people in the world that was like that," said Tina Knapp. Before the pair was captured, police searched for hours in the air and on foot in the area surrounding the gas station. A SWAT team swarmed a vacant elementary school and a home. Clark's minivan was later found in a parking lot near the gas station. Clark was added to the TBI's Top 10 Most Wanted list on Wednesday morning. The TBI issued an Amber Alert for Quinn on Wednesday morning after officials received information she was with Clark. Investigators originally considered Quinn to be a runaway. Her family says she took clothes and makeup with her. Quinn's family says the last time any of them saw her was when she was dropped off at the bus stop to go to Rhea County High School. But instead of getting on a bus, they think she got into Clark's car. Quinn's mother told WRCB that Clark is a family friend who has known Quinn since she was a baby. Quinn is known to call Clark "Uncle Dan." "We know she had a crush on him, but we thought it was a teenager crush. Nothing serious," said Quinn's mother. Quinn's family was going to come to Nashville to reunite with the teenager but said police have told them to stay put. WSMV TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Home NHL Teams Atlantic Boston Bruins Buffalo Sabres Detroit Red Wings Florida Panthers Montreal Canadiens Ottawa Senators Tampa Bay Lightning Toronto Maple Leafs Metropolitan Carolina Hurricanes Columbus Blue Jackets New Jersey Devils New York Islanders New York Rangers Philadelphia Flyers Pittsburgh Penguins Washington Capitals Central Chicago Blackhawks Colorado Avalanche Dallas Stars Minnesota Wild Nashville Predators St. Louis Blues Winnipeg Jets Pacific Anaheim Ducks Arizona Coyotes Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Los Angeles Kings San Jose Sharks Vancouver Canucks Vegas Golden Knights Playoffs 2017 Draft Guide Prospects Podcasts NHL Tickets Stanley Cup Final NHL Awards NHL Entry Draft Fan Packages Long Read More… Expansion Free Agents NHL Entry Draft Other Leagues History Fantasy Hockey Books Hockey Movies Log in May 4th, 2017 Hockey 101: A Beginner’s Guide The 500-Goal Club The 600-Goal Club Join Our Team Free Newsletter Log in Home NHL Teams Atlantic Boston Bruins Buffalo Sabres Detroit Red Wings Florida Panthers Montreal Canadiens Ottawa Senators Tampa Bay Lightning Toronto Maple Leafs Metropolitan Carolina Hurricanes Columbus Blue Jackets New Jersey Devils New York Islanders New York Rangers Philadelphia Flyers Pittsburgh Penguins Washington Capitals Central Chicago Blackhawks Colorado Avalanche Dallas Stars Minnesota Wild Nashville Predators St. Louis Blues Winnipeg Jets Pacific Anaheim Ducks Arizona Coyotes Calgary Flames Edmonton Oilers Los Angeles Kings San Jose Sharks Vancouver Canucks Vegas Golden Knights Playoffs 2017 Draft Guide Prospects Cody Glass - 2017 NHL Draft Prospect Profile Grant Mismash – 2017 NHL Draft Prospect Profile Dylan Wells: The Future of Oilers Goaltending Jesper Boqvist - 2017 NHL Draft Prospect Profile Nate Schnarr - 2017 NHL Draft Prospect Profile Podcasts NHL Tickets Stanley Cup Final NHL Awards NHL Entry Draft Fan Packages Long Read More… Expansion Free Agents NHL Entry Draft Other Leagues History Fantasy Hockey Books Hockey Movies Home >> Column >> Your Daily Sauce: Kit of the Day – The Edmonton Orangers Your Daily Sauce: Kit of the Day – The Edmonton Orangers May 3rd, 2017 Peter Ferrell 13SHARES ShareTweetLinkedin RedditMail   The National Hockey League version of the Edmonton Oilers has always been an all-or-nothing team. For their first 13 seasons – starting in 1979-80, the Oilers made the playoffs every single year, winning five Stanley Cups and only losing in the first round on three occasions. Star players were sprinkled throughout the Edmonton roster, from goaltenders Grant Fuhr and Andy Moog, to defenseman Paul Coffey, to forwards Glenn Anderson, Jari Kurri, Mark Messier and the Great One himself, Wayne Gretzky. Gretzky, Messier, Kurri, Anderson. Any questions? (The Hockey Writers) For the next 23 seasons, the Oilers made the playoffs seven times, winning only five playoff rounds – three of which came in their improbable run to Game 7 of the Stanley Cup Final in the chaos that was the post-lockout 2005-06 campaign. After that magical Cup run, Edmonton missed the postseason for ten consecutive years. And lo and behold, here they are again in 2016-17, back on the rise. Having run roughshod over the veteran San Jose Sharks in the first round of the playoffs, the blindingly fast, supremely skilled (one line, anyway) Oilers are giving the Pacific Division champion Anaheim Ducks a serious run for their money. Dynastic Duds Much like their franchise fortunes (insert Peter Pocklington joke here), the Oilers’ uniform history has been up and down, as well. It started off so promisingly, with the kits made popular during their dynastic years lasting, relatively unadulterated (save for a lightening of the blue and some tweaks to the font) until the end of the 1995-96 campaign. Illustration by Andrew M. Greenstein, (The unofficial NHL Uniform Database) Wow, what a thing of beauty. A soft, comforting blue with just enough sharp orange trim to create the perfect balance of professional poise and eye-catching good looks. Are the colours menacing? No. Is the logo ferocious? No. But then again, they didn’t need to be; facing the Oilers was intimidating enough. A classic three-stripe pattern graces the sleeves and tails of these magnificent jerseys, with accented cuffs added for the road blues. The same simple, pleasing pattern is continued on the pants and socks. Of particular note is the way the shoulder yokes flow into the jersey collar, with the innermost colour of the yoke leading to the inside of the collar, while the yoke’s trim seamlessly becomes the collar’s outermost border. This two-tone collar also gives me pause in my omnipresent desire to see lace-up collars; in this instance, the V-neck just…works. My only complaint would be the numbering, as I generally don’t like offset trim on the numbers. To me, the flush alignment of number and trim looks cleaner and more polished, but these are small potatoes in an otherwise excellent dish. Dark Times in Oil Country But all good things must come to an end, and the Edmonton dynasty was no different. By 1996-97, the team had changed its colours to the darker, drabber midnight blue and copper colour scheme, while adding a mysterious oil worker, known as “Rigger” as a secondary logo. The following season, the shoulder yokes were dropped from the home whites – having not been included on the redesigned dark away jerseys, completing the home and away kit for the next decade. Illustration by Andrew M. Greenstein, (The unofficial NHL Uniform Database) Truth be told, I actually quite like this iteration of the Oilers uniforms. Yes, in one of the loudest, brightest fashion decades on record, the Oilers chose a colour palette that makes Scandinavian police dramas look cheery. But given the NHL’s coming emphasis on dark, dreary uniforms, maybe it was just a design ahead of its time. The copper and blue just seem to…fit. I can’t explain it, it’s just rather good. I also can’t explain why the copper striping is trimmed with red. Read Also:  Oilers: Jordan Eberle Missing in Action The Oilers kept their traditional striping pattern, save for the pants, which were simply solid midnight blue. Unfortunately, they also retained the offset font trim, and the once-lovely collar area looked odd and out of place with no shoulder yoke flowing around it. The Rigger is also a weird touch. Seems like a secondary logo for the sake of having a secondary logo (see also: Bruins, Boston). The Oilers have one of the best, most timeless logos in the entire NHL. Not really sure what they were going for with this secondary… Embed from Getty Images …and I’m really not sure what they were going for with the so-called “Oil Drop” jersey, designed by then co-owner Todd McFarlane and debuted in 2001-02. A midnight blue backdrop trimmed with silver and white is not exactly the most inspiring colour scheme. Nor is the logo, a giant, metallic oil drop with five sprockets and five rivets, symbolising the Oilers’ five Stanley Cups. There is another chunk of metal on the shoulders, with some more mechanical stuff and an Oilers wordmark. This uniform did have a classic slim-thick-slim sleeve and sock striping setup…which was sliced in half for the tail section, rendering an already bland, colourless, downright depressing uniform wholly asymmetrical, as well. Even the lace-up collar doesn’t seem to belong; it seems too soft, too loving, too classic for this hard, soulless jersey. Edge of Reason Mercifully, the advent of the Reebok Edge uniform system saw the end of the Oil Drop era, and the standard home and away (blue and white, respectively, since the 2003-04 reversal of protocol) uniforms were redesigned. And much like the team’s fortunes, nothing much changed. Illustration by Andrew M. Greenstein, (The unofficial NHL Uniform Database) The Oilers went full-bore into Reebok Edge, doing away with tail striping and replacing it with thing vertical piping that tapered towards the top, intersecting with captaincy patches along the way. The sleeve and sock striping changed to a slim-thick-slim pattern, but the sleeve stripes didn’t even make it all the way around the arm. And it’s not as though the gap was under the arm where nobody could see; the missing link was on the outside of the sleeve, just under the numbers. Madness! A close-up shot of major elements of the futility of this Oilers uniform iteration. (Icon SMI) The chunky, one-tone collar, vertical piping on the jersey and pants, and the lack of tail stripes – not to mention the lack of completed stripes anywhere on the jersey – make this iteration of the Edmonton uniform kit reminiscent of an off-brand jersey from Walmart. Not to mention the font trim was still offset and the mysterious red trim still clung like a remora to the copper sections of the uniform. To say this was a glorified practice jersey would be an understatement. Read Also:  Dylan Wells: The Future of Oilers Goaltending Back to the Future Thankfully, someone in the Oilers organisation came to their senses in time for the 2008-09 season, reintroducing an updated version of the Oilers’ dynastic kit into the team’s uniform rotation. By the 2012-13 season (I guess it was just 2013? Whatever. Not the point.), Edmonton had switched over to this vintage look – for both jerseys – on a full-time basis. In 2015-16, they added an alternate kit, which pays homage to the World Hockey Association tenure of the franchise. Illustration by Andrew M. Greenstein, (The unofficial NHL Uniform Database) The home and away kits of this new uniform set largely mirror the Oilers’ original NHL cuts. The only substantive difference is the collar, which kind of sticks out like a sore thumb. Part of this is due to the fact it does not taper down to a “V”, but instead sees its two sides connected by a flat bottom. As such, there is no flow from the shoulder yoke trim around the collar, resulting in a choppy viewing experience. Other than that, the throwback design is a welcome sight, even if the offset number trim has not been addressed. But it is the alternate kit of this uniform set that really draws the eye. Harkening back nearly a half-century, the orange-based jersey has slim-thick-slim striping action on the sleeves and tail. The familiar shoulder yokes also make an appearance, though this time accompanied by the numbers one would normally find on an NHL jersey’s sleeve. Orange Overload And that’s where the problem comes to light: this jersey is just far too…orange. The orange background is a neat idea, even if Oilers orange is a tone too harsh. But the numbers, because they are enclosed within the blue shoulder yoke, have to be orange as well, in order to stand out. As a result, the orange background of the jersey is unbroken, leading to the entire kit appearing washed out. This condition is not helped by the collar, which is composed of two orange stripes sandwiching one blue bit. It’s just too much orange. The annoying part is, the Oilers are actually good, so we’ll be seeing these obnoxious kits for years to come. (Perry Nelson / USA TODAY Sports) Why not put the numbers halfway down the sleeve, like everyone else in the world? Then they would be blue, and help to balance out an obnoxiously bright design. I really hope the shoulder numbers don’t catch on in hockey, like that idiotic idea of putting a tiny jersey number on the front of the jersey from a few years back (sorry, Buffalo). Thankfully, the collar is V-shaped (though its pieces overlap, rather than being joined at the centre. The asymmetry is maddening). And kudos to the Oilers for ensuring their font trim is flush with their numbering and lettering. But neither of these improvements is enough to save us from the overload of orange. Waiting For “Visually Better” Unfortunately for those of us with functioning retinas, the orange Oilers kits aren’t going away anytime soon. In fact, due to the NHL limiting teams to two uniforms next season, the Oilers are, evidently, going to be dropping their blue kits and instating the orange ones as their full-time home set. Edmonton is going to be an insufferable team to follow for the foreseeable future. They’ve got one of the two best players on Planet Earth, a beautiful brand-new facility where he can ply his trade, and a uniform set as obnoxious as Edmonton fans. Oh. It’s on. #goilers #StanleyCupPlayoffs2017 @EdmontonOilers pic.twitter.com/hbWo8SS4Fm — bridgetryan (@bridgetryan) April 13, 2017 All we can hope for is that the Universe sees fit to shift the team away from the light and into the dark. Jersey-wise, that is.   (All illustrations by Andrew M. Greenstein, The unofficial NHL Uniform Database.) 13SHARES ShareTweetLinkedin RedditMail Tags Long Read NHL Jerseys Top Story We’re Growing! Want To Join Us? We are looking to fill a couple slots at The Hockey Writers. Consider joining up with a great group of experienced, hard-working hockey writers. Details here... Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us on Facebook Recent THW Articles Barracuda Brief Special: Carpenter Beats Heat, San Diego Next Edmonton Oilers: The Bounce-Back Kids Ducks vs Oilers: Was Silfverberg Offside in Game 3? Off the Crossbar: Pegula Sets New Sabres Hierarchy Dylan Wells: The Future of Oilers Goaltending McDavid Destined to Win Hart Trophy Your Daily Sauce: Something Rotten in the State of Tampa Hot Off the THW Presses Barracuda Brief Special: Carpenter Beats Heat, San Diego Next Reviewing Horrible Pre-Season Canadiens Predictions Sabres Draft Mistakes Lead to Depth Drought Cody Glass - 2017 NHL Draft Prospect Profile Leafs Need Better Defense Via Free Agency Stay in Touch Contact Us Via our Newsletters RSS Feeds Privacy Statement Our Partners HFBoards Partner of USA TODAY Sports Digital Properties About THW… Founded in 2009, The Hockey Writers is a premier destination for news and information on everything hockey. Updated daily with news and features from over 130 writers worldwide. Over 2 million monthly readers now come to THW for their hockey fix. Join over 18 000 Subscribers of our free bi-weekly Newsletter. © The Hockey Writers 2017. All rights reserved.
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / World No charges against officer who killed Ohio State attacker Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print FILE - In this Nov. 28, 2016, file photo, crime scene investigators collect evidence from the pavement as police respond to an attack on the Ohio State University campus in Columbus, Ohio. Franklin County, Ohio, Prosecutor Ron O'Brien announced Wednesday, May 3, 2017, that a grand jury has cleared Alan Horujko, the Ohio State University Police officer who fatally shot the man responsible for a Nov. 28, 2016, car-and-knife attack at the university that injured 13 people, Abdul Razak Ali Artan. (AP Photo/John Minchillo, File) By: Andrew WelshHuggins The Associated Press Published on COLUMBUS, Ohio — A grand jury on Wednesday cleared a police officer who fatally shot the man responsible for a car-and-knife attack at Ohio State University last year. At issue were actions taken by OSU officer Alan Horujko in November when he shot and killed 18-year-old attacker Abdul Razak Ali Artan. Horujko killed the Somali-born Artan after he drove into a crowd outside a classroom building on Nov. 28 and then attacked people with a knife. Thirteen people were injured in the attack. Several witnesses reported that Artan did not respond to Horujko's orders to drop the knife and instead began running toward the officer, who was forced to fire five times, said Franklin County Prosecutor Ron O'Brien in announcing the grand jury results. "The subsequent police investigation confirmed that this was an act of terrorism by a lone wolf and no other co-conspirators were identified," O'Brien said. Horujko is back on regular duty, the university said. The university is grateful for Horujko's quick response and to all other first responders that day, said Monica Moll, the university's public safety director. Horujko's "quick and effective response ended the tragic incident within seconds and almost certainly prevented additional injuries," Moll said Wednesday. Authorities have said they believe Artan's attack was partly inspired by an American-born cleric killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen. Beyond that, little was known of Artan's motives. He graduated with honours from Columbus State Community College a year ago, earning an associate of arts degree. A video of his graduation ceremony showed him jumping and spinning onto the stage and smiling broadly, drawing laughs, cheers and smiles from graduates and faculty members. He transferred to Ohio State to get his bachelor's degree. He gave an interview to the university's student newspaper in August, saying he was looking for a place to pray openly and worried how he would be received. The FBI said Artan was not known to counterterrorism authorities beforehand. Sometime the morning of the attack, Artan bought a knife at a nearby Wal-Mart and posted a series of Facebook rants showing he nursed grievances against the U.S., according to Columbus police and the FBI. After arriving on campus, Artan drove his car over a curb and into a crowd of people, then got out and started slashing at people with a knife. He was shot to death almost immediately by Horujko. In those Facebook posts, Artan railed against U.S. intervention in Muslim lands and warned, "If you want us Muslims to stop carrying lone wolf attacks, then make peace" with the Islamic State group. Artan came to the U.S. in 2014 as the child of a refugee. He had been living in Pakistan from 2007 to 2014. Following the attack, Ohio State began beefing up its emergency alert system and streamlining the way officials communicate in a crisis after the attack exposed some flaws in the text-message procedure. Some campus contractors and visitors weren't aware of campus-wide "Buckeye Alerts" to seek shelter during the attack, according to a university review of that day. In addition, too much time passed between the 10 alerts, which were issued over a period of about seven hours, according to the report. The initial alerts also lacked specifics about the attack, the report said. ___ Andrew Welsh-Huggins can be reached on Twitter at https://twitter.com/awhcolumbus. His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/content/andrew-welsh-huggins Editors' Picks Pigeon lays eggs in used needle 'nest' in Downtown Eastside hotel: Vancouver police A Finland brewery sent out 1,000-can packs, and people bought them Photos: Former Toronto mayor's home hits the market for almost $18M Scientists behind plan for human head transplant made a two-headed rat More on Metronews.ca Most Popular B.C. NDP ahead 8% but B.C. Greens could be real kingmakers: poll First look at plans for massive redevelopment near Dufferin Mall City prepares for possible evacuation of Toronto island residents Pigeon lays eggs in used needle 'nest' in Downtown Eastside hotel: Vancouver police Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune Cloud-filtered sun rays light a lone oak tree in northern Minnesota. Photo: Elizabeth Flores/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Poll: Time for Minnesota to toughen laws for texting drivers In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away U.S. House now is setting up vote on health care bill Thursday Minneapolis Park Board votes for new name for Lake Calhoun Hodges, Harteau meet to discuss new Fourth Precinct inspector Minnesota native running for Virginia governor defends Confederacy Patience, clutch hitting help Twins trounce A's again Peterson takes subtle jabs at Vikings during interview in New Orleans Minneapolis settles lawsuit against 'Rehab Addict' star Nicole Curtis Celebrate the Kentucky Derby with these stylish Minnesota hats 'Google Docs' virus swarming e-mail accounts in MN and far beyond next National 421223373 No charges against officer who killed Ohio State attacker By ANDREW WELSH-HUGGINS Associated Press May 3, 2017 — 5:45pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint COLUMBUS, Ohio — A grand jury on Wednesday cleared a police officer who fatally shot the man responsible for a car-and-knife attack at Ohio State University last year. At issue were actions taken by OSU officer Alan Horujko in November when he shot and killed 18-year-old attacker Abdul Razak Ali Artan. Horujko killed the Somali-born Artan after he drove into a crowd outside a classroom building on Nov. 28 and then attacked people with a knife. Thirteen people were injured in the attack. Several witnesses reported that Artan did not respond to Horujko's orders to drop the knife and instead began running toward the officer, who was forced to fire five times, said Franklin County Prosecutor Ron O'Brien in announcing the grand jury results. "The subsequent police investigation confirmed that this was an act of terrorism by a lone wolf and no other co-conspirators were identified," O'Brien said. Horujko is back on regular duty, the university said. The university is grateful for Horujko's quick response and to all other first responders that day, said Monica Moll, the university's public safety director. Horujko's "quick and effective response ended the tragic incident within seconds and almost certainly prevented additional injuries," Moll said Wednesday. Authorities have said they believe Artan's attack was partly inspired by an American-born cleric killed in a U.S. drone strike in Yemen. Beyond that, little was known of Artan's motives. He graduated with honors from Columbus State Community College a year ago, earning an associate of arts degree. A video of his graduation ceremony showed him jumping and spinning onto the stage and smiling broadly, drawing laughs, cheers and smiles from graduates and faculty members. He transferred to Ohio State to get his bachelor's degree. He gave an interview to the university's student newspaper in August, saying he was looking for a place to pray openly and worried how he would be received. The FBI said Artan was not known to counterterrorism authorities beforehand. Sometime the morning of the attack, Artan bought a knife at a nearby Wal-Mart and posted a series of Facebook rants showing he nursed grievances against the U.S., according to Columbus police and the FBI. After arriving on campus, Artan drove his car over a curb and into a crowd of people, then got out and started slashing at people with a knife. He was shot to death almost immediately by Horujko. In those Facebook posts, Artan railed against U.S. intervention in Muslim lands and warned, "If you want us Muslims to stop carrying lone wolf attacks, then make peace" with the Islamic State group. Artan came to the U.S. in 2014 as the child of a refugee. He had been living in Pakistan from 2007 to 2014. Following the attack, Ohio State began beefing up its emergency alert system and streamlining the way officials communicate in a crisis after the attack exposed some flaws in the text-message procedure. Some campus contractors and visitors weren't aware of campus-wide "Buckeye Alerts" to seek shelter during the attack, according to a university review of that day. In addition, too much time passed between the 10 alerts, which were issued over a period of about seven hours, according to the report. The initial alerts also lacked specifics about the attack, the report said. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away 'Google Docs' virus swarming e-mail accounts in MN and far beyond U prof, 2 other Minnesotans killed in crash in Czech Republic 'Fidget spinners' are all the rage, but some Minnesota schools have had enough The Latest: Dallas shooting began as neighbor dispute 12 hazing complaints since 2014 confirmed at Marine base Maoist rebels kill at least 25 Indian paramilitary soldiers Community tells St. Paul police, leaders that it wants change AP Exclusive: Managers made errors in handling of dam crisis More From Politics National 26 minutes ago 'Late Show' host Colbert says no regrets over Trump insults Stephen Colbert says he has no regrets about a monologue that included a crude sexual reference on the relationship between the presidents of the United States and Russia and has since prompted calls to fire him and boycott "Late Show" advertisers. National 26 minutes ago 3 guilty of disruptions at attorney general confirmation A Washington jury has convicted three people of being disruptive at U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions' confirmation hearing. Politics 58 minutes ago How the poll was conducted Today’s Star Tribune Minnesota Poll findings are based on interviews conducted April 24-26 with 800 Minnesota registered voters via landline (69 percent) and cellphone (31… National 12:35am Top Kansas court to revisit death penalty in Wichita murders The Kansas Supreme Court is considering for a second time whether to spare two brothers from being executed for four murders in what became known as "the Wichita massacre" after earlier rulings in the men's favor sparked a political backlash. National 12:25am Teen's shooting first high-profile case for new Dallas DA The fatal shooting of a black teenager by a white police officer outside a suburban Dallas house party has prompted concerns from some community leaders… Top Stories Poll: Time for Minnesota to toughen laws for texting drivers May. 3 In Bloomington, police shoot at man, warn others to stay away 5 minutes ago U.S. House now is setting up vote on health care bill Thursday May. 3 Most Read U.S. House now is setting up vote on health care bill Thursday • National 'Really bad' or 'catastrophic': Comey defends Clinton choice • National Health bill gains new life as 2 GOP moderates meet Trump • National Dallas suburb faces racial backlash after shooting • National Teen's shooting first high-profile case for new Dallas DA • National World New Brighton man chooses North Korea to run his first 10K race Le Pen and Macron clash in no holds-barred debate in France Nation 'Google Docs' virus swarming e-mail accounts in MN and far beyond Facebook ramps up its response to violent videos Politics Poll: Time for Minnesota to toughen laws for texting drivers U.S. House now is setting up vote on health care bill Thursday markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Patience, clutch hitting help Twins trounce A's again Reusse: Twins letting Vargas show he could be 'another Big Papi' Vikings Drafting Cook: How often does trading up for a running back work out? Peterson takes subtle jabs at Vikings during interview in New Orleans MN United Loons defender Greenspan likely to stay on loan to Pittsburgh Racism scars European soccer with sanctions still often weak Celebrities Brad Pitt talks Angelina Jolie divorce, giving up alcohol Minnesotan who made viral video 'Chocolate Rain' reminisces after 10 years Super Bowl LII Super Bowl group quietly plans sex trafficking prevention efforts Super Bowl Host Committee will pay back Minneapolis $5 million for services poll Poll: Should the name of Lake Calhoun be changed? 10,000 Takes Why men like me should talk openly about depression Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Miss Minnesota USA's first contestant with Down syndrome 02:46 Mikayla Holmgren demonstrates some dance moves for the camera at Bethel University. Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close BLACK VOICES 05/03/2017 06:01 pm ET | Updated 8 hours ago Patti LaBelle Is Officially A Jazz Singer, But It Wasn't That Easy The singer shares how she conquered her fears to release her first jazz album, "Bel Hommage." By Brennan Williams Derek Blanks The “Lady Marmalade” singer says she has plans to tour the country with a jazz trio. Patti LaBelle has a “new attitude” toward music as she pays tribute to the history of jazz with the release of her new album, “Bel Hommage.” LaBelle’s 19th solo studio project features renditions of 13 classic jazz standards from the likes of Nina Simone (“Wild is the Wind”), Frank Sinatra (“Softly as I Leave You”) and Gloria Lynne (“The Folks Who Live on the Hill”) among others. The Philadelphia native tells HuffPost that recording her jazz debut came with a few reservations, as she was initially reluctant to make a foray into the genre because of her over 50-year career as an R&B/soul singer. “I was very hesitant at first, because I’m not a jazz singer,” she said. “My ex-husband [Armstead Edwards], who’s also involved with the album coming to where it is now, we fought a lot about it. I said, ‘I don’t wanna do jazz, I don’t think I can do it well.’” After additional convincing from Edwards, who serves as the project’s executive producer, LaBelle says that she began to tap into her early childhood memories of listening to jazz greats including Simone, Sinatra and James Moody. “[Edwards] kept bothering me about singing this song and that song,” she recalled. “And then I got into the spirit and I started remembering some songs that I loved from back in the day and being much, much more involved than I thought I would be.” Derek Blanks The Philadelphia native tells HuffPost that recording her jazz debut came with a few reservations. “And now that it’s done I love this project. It took about a year and a half to do something with it and I’m happy about it now,” she continued. “I feel as though I have conquered my fears by doing it.” Though the album marks LaBelle’s first jazz project, in 2014 the legendary songstress revisited the Jazz Age with her starring role in the Tony-nominated musical revue “After Midnight.” She credits her return to Broadway as inspiration for the album. Despite her initial hesitancy, she encourages other artists who may be apprehensive to record across multiple genres to face their fears and take a chance. “There is always room to overcome what you may think of as a challenge and to accept the gift that may be disguised as a challenge because at least you can say you tried,” she said. “I believe in myself even more now that I took a chance on this album.”  Coincidentally, the release of “Bel Hommage” comes on the heels of the centennial birthday of the First Lady of Jazz, Ella Fitzgerald, whom LaBelle says she has always been fascinated by. “Her smoothness. Her voice was like ... listening to cotton,” she recalled. “She was such a smooth, wonderful singer. I was impressed by her.” In promotion of the album, the “Lady Marmalade” singer says she has plans to tour the country with a jazz trio, performing her new collection of covers at “dark little clubs” in the vein of Harlem’s legendary Cotton Club. “Bel Hommage” is the latest of LaBelle’s recent projects and events. Last month, she released her sixth book and fourth cookbook, Desserts LaBelle, and starred on the Cooking Channel show “Patti LaBelle’s Place.” She has a successful line of food products, Patti’s Good Life, which are carried at Walmart stores. And on June 1, she will be honored during the groundbreaking ceremony of the National Museum of African American Music in Nashville, Tennessee. “Bel Hommage” hits stores and digital retailers on May 5. GPE Records Patti LaBelle's “Bel Hommage." ALSO ON HUFFPOST Apollo Theater Legends Apollo Theater Legends 1 of 15 Billie Holiday Apollo debut year: 1935 Share this slide: William Gottlieb via Getty Images Suggest a correction Brennan Williams Pop Culture Editor, HuffPost MORE: Live Music R&B Music Patti Labelle Jazz Jazz Music CONVERSATIONS Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW BLACK VOICES Stay plugged in with the stories on black life and culture that matter. Learn more Newsletter 1.14 M 341 K 478 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Patti LaBelle Is Officially A Jazz Singer, But It Wasn't That Easy NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter ABOUT US ADVERTISE ABOUT OUR ADS CONTACT US RSS FAQ CAREERS ARCHIVE USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY COMMENT POLICY Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost MultiCultural/HPMG News
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Syringe found in woman's underwear while being booked into jail: Mayfield Heights Police Blotter Print Email Andy Attina / cleveland.com By Andy Attina / cleveland.com Sun News on May 03, 2017 at 5:17 PM, updated May 03, 2017 at 5:20 PM comments MAYFIELD HEIGHTS, Ohio   Traffic offense, Ridgebury Boulevard: Officers ran a registration check on a vehicle April 26 and found the driver was under an in-state drug offense suspension and had an active warrant. They stopped her vehicle as she pulled into a driveway in Mayfield Village on Worton Park Drive. The Mayfield Heights woman, 24, was arrested on the warrant and found to have a syringe in her underwear when she was being booked into jail. She said she forgot it was there, but later admitted she put it there when she saw an officer following her. She was charged with illegal conveyance of prohibited items into a detention facility. Suspicion, Golden Gate Boulevard: Officers responded at 3:17 a.m. April 22 to a report of two men in the Pepperwood apartment's parking lot who were being loud and possibly having sexual relations. They spoke to them and learned they were just talking. They agreed to go inside for the night. Theft, Marsol Road: A man said April 21 he had some items shipped to him he purchased on Ebay that were stolen before he had a chance to retrieve them. He said he would follow up with the company and file a report if necessary. Fraud, Mayfield Road: A Nick Mayer Auto Group employee reported April 24 he learned from a bank that a woman had fraudulently purchased a vehicle at the dealership in January. The woman did not put down any money and was found to have used a Social Security number belonging to a 12-year-old Georgia child. The suspect is a 42-year-old Euclid woman, who has been found to have ten vehicles registered in her name and all with different addresses. The incident is under investigation. Theft, Mayfield Road: A Villa Serena employee reported April 3 a rent check had been stolen, altered and cashed in the amount of $338. It was believed to have been taken from an unlocked rent box. Officers did an Internet search of the name that had been written on the check and found a Cleveland.com story listing the woman as a "fugitive of the week." The story states the woman is a former home health aide who was accused of stealing a patient's check. The incident is under investigation. Theft, Eastgate Plaza: A woman, 69, reported April 24 her checkbook and three credit cards were stolen from her purse while she was shopping at Marc's. She said two males approached her in the store and one of them asked her to show him where the diet iced tea was located. She believed the other male stole the items from her purse in the shopping cart when she helped the first male. She later learned her credit cards were used fraudulently for a $2,000 purchase at an unknown Target store and for $700 at a grocery store of an unspecified location. Theft from building, Mayfield Road: A man reported April 24 someone stole two lawn mowers, a generator, tool box and a sub-woofer from the bed of his truck while it was parked at Gates Mills Place apartments. He said he backed the truck into a corner spot along a fence because he did not have a bed cover and wanted to deter any possible theft. He valued the items at a total of $1,800. Theft, Eastgate Plaza: A Cleveland Heights man, 39, was charged April 24 with the suspected theft of $64.61 worth of items from Marc's. A loss prevention worked stopped the man as he was entering a friend's vehicle. The friend said she had dropped him off at the store and gone to Micro Center. She had no idea that he had shoplifted. Assist other agency, Mayfield Road: Police in Gainesville, Texas reported April 23 one of its residents had been a victim of a scam and had wired $1,360 that was picked up at the Mayfield Heights Walmart. The resident had been led to believe she was sending money to her grandson. They asked officers to obtain surveillance video from the store and try to identify the person who picked up the money so a warrant could be issued. The incident is under investigation. Theft, SOM Center Road: A Mayfield Heights woman, 21, was arrested at Target April 21 for the suspected theft of two purses and several clothing items, valued at a total of $360.55. A loss prevention worked had been watching her because she was suspected of stealing from the store the previous day. Fraud, Mayfield Road: A counterfeit $100 bill was passed at Giant Eagle April 19 by an unknown person. The bill was clearly marked "for motion picture use only." See more Mayfield Heights news at Cleveland.com/hillcrest. If you would like to discuss the police blotter, please visit our crime and courts comments page. "cleveland.com is a partner of the Greater Cleveland Food Bank. Every dollar buys four meals for the hungry. Click here to donate." Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » Hillcrest news in your inbox Sign up for our Hillcrest newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Hillcrest HS News Latest Mayfield HS News | Latest Richmond Hts HS News | Latest Hawken HS News About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
UPDATE: Woman Accused of DUI Causing Death Appears in Court - WBOY - Clarksburg, Morgantown: News, Sports, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Crime & Courts Accidents & Fires Business & Economy Special Reports Monongalia County and Preston County Central Weather Your Weather Outlook 7-Day Forecast Snowbird Central & School Closings Snowbird & Myron's Weather Adventure in 360 Degrees Warnings Map Live Doppler Radar Predictor Local Temperatures Sports High School Scores High School Sports Honda Athlete of the Week National Sports West Virginia Illustrated Community Relay For Life Central Buckle Your Baby For Life Community Calendar "Celebrating Volunteers" Brought to You by The Miley Legal Group 12 News at Noon Interviews North Central WV Boil Water Advisories Video Contests Dream Kitchen Makeover Mom and Me Photo Contest What's On The Daily J! About Us Work With Us Download Our Apps Tactive Digital WBOY Alumni Meet the Team EEO and Public Reports FCC Public Inspection File UPDATE: Woman Accused of DUI Causing Death Appears in Court Posted: Tuesday, January 17, 2017 12:29 PM EST Updated: Wednesday, May 3, 2017 6:16 PM EDT CLARKSBURG - UPDATE (5/3/17 4:35 p.m.): A woman charged in the DUI death of another woman appeared in court in Lewis County this afternoon. Whitney Chipps appeared before Judge Jacob Reger with her lawyer to ask for a reduction in bond. Chipps has been in the Central Regional Jail on 100-thousand dollars bail since the incident. Her lawyer requested she be assigned home confinement in place of jail time. Reger denied the motion, leaving Chipps in jail under the same bail. Her case is expected to go before a grand jury in July. A 26-year-old woman pleaded not guilty to a child neglect charge Tuesday in a video conference conducted in Harrison County Circuit Court.  Whitney Chipps appeared in a broadcast from Central Regional Jail to address a charge brought against her in June. Clarksburg police say Chipps left her 5-month-old son inside a locked, parked car in May with the engine running while she shopped at the Emily Drive Walmart.  Chipps was able to post bond for the child neglect charge, and while she was out on bond in December, she was charged with driving under the influence causing death after a vehicle accident in Lewis County. The accident killed Erin Marshall-Heater, 33, who was a mother of three. Chipps' blood alcohol content was .118 when she was transported to Stonewall Jackson Memorial Hospital. Her trial for the charge of child neglect is scheduled for the week of February 27. She was recently arraigned in Lewis County Circuit Court on the DUI causing death charge. Clarksburg Studio 904 West Pike Street Clarksburg, WV 26301 Main (304) 623-3311 Fax (304) 624-6152(Clarksburg) Fax (304) 225-2522(Morgantown) Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WBOY Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Henry B. Gonzalez lauded as caretaker of the poor Spurs' Popovich making a lineup change for Game 2 Gameday central: Spurs seek to get back on track in Game 2 Rackspace CEO Rhodes resigns 6 months after sale Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Couple found shot in North Side apartment had been dead for days, Henry B. Gonzalez lauded as caretaker of the poor Man sentenced to 40 years in 2013 fatal street shooting Texas Senate unanimously passes ‘David’s Law’ to help US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Reports: At least 35 killed in Iran coal mine explosion 'Late Show' host Colbert says no regrets over Trump insults 3 guilty of disruptions at attorney general confirmation South Koreans begin early voting to replace ousted Park Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Rackspace CEO Rhodes resigns 6 months after sale Seguin-based Alamo Group earnings rise40 percent in 1Q Argo Group profit rises 32 percent in first quarter Kohl's hiring for 100 jobs at San Antonio operations center Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Manu Ginobili on Tony Parker: "We’re not going to see him any Spurs' Tony Parker sustains left leg injury and is carried off of Spurs tie series with dominant performance, but Parker's injury a Top football recruit transfers from Steele to Seguin Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Your guide to Mother’s Day dining in San Antonio Review: Battalion rehabs Italian classics with panache Raise a margarita at El Mirador Biga celebrates rosé season with special Sunday dinner Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Before Michelle, Barack Obama asked another woman to marry him - Paseo Por El Westside is a walk back in time High-school students poety Book review: An old murder fragments a family in Don Chaon’s Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Maverick building apartments to add affordable units downtown Contest underway to find 2017 National Geographic Travel Photos: 'Epic fails' and rickety cardboard dinghies in New Yogis Head to Joshua Tree for Yogapalooza Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Trump should keep college debt pledge Spend more and stick it to the poor On Obamacare, GOP vastly over-promised Your Turn: May 4 Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Kia updates its Cadenza sedan for 2017, boosting technology, Chrysler rolls out its first hybrid minivan for 2017 with the Toyota Tacoma TRD Pro back in line for 2017, bringing off-road Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Apple steps up its effort to emphasize its economic impact Rackspace CEO Rhodes resigns 6 months after sale Congress rejects Labor Dept. rule for state retirement plans Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/crime/article/A-look-at-high-profile-officer-involved-shootings-11117104.php A look at high-profile police shootings The Associated Press Updated 11:07 pm, Wednesday, May 3, 2017 Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP Image 1of/9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 FILE - In this March 4, 2016 file photo, Martinez Sutton wears a shirt commemorating his sister, Rekia Boyd, 22, who was shot and killed in 2012 by Chicago police officer Dante Servin. Servin resigned in May 2016 after the police superintendent said he should be fired for killing Boyd, 22, an unarmed black woman, four years earlier. Servin was off-duty during the incident. She had been walking down a street with her friends when he told them to be quiet, and he fired when he thought he saw a gun. Prosecutors charged Servin with involuntary manslaughter, a judge acquitted him in April 2016, saying he'd been improperly charged. The city settled a wrongful-death lawsuit in 2013 with Boyd's family for $4.5 million. less FILE - In this March 4, 2016 file photo, Martinez Sutton wears a shirt commemorating his sister, Rekia Boyd, 22, who was shot and killed in 2012 by Chicago police officer Dante Servin. Servin resigned in May ... more Photo: Charles Rex Arbogast, AP Image 2 of 9 FILE - This undated photo provided by the Brown family shows Michael Brown. The 18-year-old black man was fatally shot by a white officer, Darren Wilson, in August 2014 in Ferguson, Mo. A grand jury declined to indict Wilson, and the U.S. Justice Department opted against civil rights charges. Wilson later resigned. The death of Brown, who was unarmed, led to months of occasionally violent protests and became a catalyst for the Black Lives Matter movement, which rebukes police treatment of minorities. (Courtesy of the Brown Family via AP, File) less FILE - This undated photo provided by the Brown family shows Michael Brown. The 18-year-old black man was fatally shot by a white officer, Darren Wilson, in August 2014 in Ferguson, Mo. A grand jury declined to ... more Photo: AP Image 3 of 9 FILE - This undated photo provided by his family shows Laquan McDonald. Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder in November 2015, on the same day that the city, under a judge's orders, released dashcam video showing McDonald, a 17-year-old black man, being shot 16 times on Oct. 20, 2014. Van Dyke, who is white, has pleaded not guilty. The video prompted local and federal investigations; The Justice Department determined in January that Chicago police have a long history of civil rights violations and excessive force. (Courtesy of the Family via AP) less FILE - This undated photo provided by his family shows Laquan McDonald. Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder in November 2015, on the same day that the city, under a ... more Photo: Uncredited, AP Image 4 of 9 FILE - In this Saturday, Dec. 6, 2014 file photo, Ken Palmer, stepfather of Akai Gurley, holds a program with his photo during his son's funeral at Brown Baptist Memorial Church in the Brooklyn borough of New York. Rookie New York City police officer Peter Liang was convicted of manslaughter in 2016 in the November 2014 death of 28-year-old Gurley. Liang, an American of Chinese descent, said he was patrolling a public housing high-rise with his gun drawn when a sound startled him and he fired accidentally. A bullet ricocheted off a wall, hitting Gurley. A judge reduced the conviction to negligent homicide and sentenced Liang to five years' probation and 800 hours of community service. The city settled with Gurley's family for $4.1 million. less FILE - In this Saturday, Dec. 6, 2014 file photo, Ken Palmer, stepfather of Akai Gurley, holds a program with his photo during his son's funeral at Brown Baptist Memorial Church in the Brooklyn borough of New ... more Photo: John Minchillo, AP Image 5 of 9 FILE - In this Dec. 1, 2014 file photo, Tomiko Shine holds up a poster of Tamir Rice during a protest in Washington. The 12-year-old black boy was fatally shot by a white Cleveland police officer near a gazebo in a recreational area in November 2014. Officers were responding to a report of a man waving a gun. The boy had a pellet gun tucked in his waistband and was shot right after their cruiser skidded to a stop, just feet away. A grand jury in December 2015 declined to indict patrolman Timothy Loehmann, who fired the fatal shot, and training officer Frank Garmback. The city settled his family's lawsuit for $6 million. The officers still could be disciplined or fired by the department. less FILE - In this Dec. 1, 2014 file photo, Tomiko Shine holds up a poster of Tamir Rice during a protest in Washington. The 12-year-old black boy was fatally shot by a white Cleveland police officer near a gazebo ... more Photo: Jose Luis Magana, AP Image 6 of 9 FILE - In this undated photo provided by Smolen, Smolen & Roytman, PLLC, Eric Harris, left, stands with his son, Aidan Fraley. Former Tulsa County volunteer sheriff's deputy Robert Bates, 74, was sentenced to four years in prison for second-degree manslaughter in the April 2015 death of Harris, 44, a black man who was unarmed and restrained. Bates, who is white, has said he confused his stun gun with his handgun. That shooting led to the temporary suspension of the reserve deputy program after a report found poor training of the volunteer officers, a lack of oversight, and cronyism. (Courtesy of Andre Harris/Smolen, Smolen & Roytman, PLLC via AP) less FILE - In this undated photo provided by Smolen, Smolen & Roytman, PLLC, Eric Harris, left, stands with his son, Aidan Fraley. Former Tulsa County volunteer sheriff's deputy Robert Bates, 74, was sentenced to ... more Photo: AP Image 7 of 9 FILE – In this July 29, 2015 file photo, photos of Sam DuBose hang on a pole at a memorial near where he was shot and killed by a University of Cincinnati police officer during a July 19, 2015 traffic stop in Cincinnati. Prosecutors plan to retry former University of Cincinnati police officer Ray Tensing. The jury deadlocked after his first murder trial. He faces 15 years to life if convicted. Tensing's body camera captured much of the encounter, although the two sides dispute what conclusions can be reached. Tensing's attorney says DuBose was using his car as a deadly weapon. The university fired Tensing, restructured its public safety department and reached a $5.3 million settlement that includes free undergraduate tuition for DuBose's 13 children. less FILE – In this July 29, 2015 file photo, photos of Sam DuBose hang on a pole at a memorial near where he was shot and killed by a University of Cincinnati police officer during a July 19, 2015 traffic stop in ... more Photo: Tom Uhlman, AP Image 8 of 9 FILE - This undated photo released by Javille Burns shows her brother, Jamar Clark, who was fatally shot in a confrontation with police on Sunday, Nov. 15, 2015, in Minneapolis. The officers, Mark Ringgenberg and Dustin Schwarze, were trying to arrest Clark when he was shot once in the head. He died a day later. Some witnesses said Clark was handcuffed when he was shot, but federal and state probes concluded that he was not. Investigators said Ringgenberg felt Clark's hand trying to grab his weapon and shouted to Schwarze, who then shot Clark. Prosecutors decided not to charge either white officer, and an internal police investigation cleared them. (Jamar Clark/Javille Burns via AP, File) less FILE - This undated photo released by Javille Burns shows her brother, Jamar Clark, who was fatally shot in a confrontation with police on Sunday, Nov. 15, 2015, in Minneapolis. The officers, Mark Ringgenberg ... more Photo: AP Image 9 of 9 A look at high-profile police shootings 1 / 9 Back to Gallery BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — Federal prosecutors announced Wednesday that they will not seek charges against two white police officers who were involved in a deadly encounter with a black man in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, last summer. Alton Sterling, 37, was shot to death on July 5, 2016, as two white officers pinned him to the pavement outside a convenience store where he had been selling CDs. The killing was captured on cellphone video and circulated widely online, sparking demonstrations across Baton Rouge. U.S. Attorney Corey Amundson said Sterling was armed during the confrontation and the investigation didn't find enough evidence to pursue charges. After the announcement, attorneys for Sterling's family said the white officer who shot Sterling had threatened him before they got into the struggle. State authorities will now investigate and decide whether to bring charges. Here is more information on some other high-profile killings by police: ___ WALTER SCOTT Prosecutors are recommending decades in prison for white South Carolina police officer Michael Slager, who shot Scott in the back as the black motorist fled following a traffic stop. Slager pleaded guilty on Tuesday to a federal charge of violating Scott's civil rights. A judge will determine his sentence, which could range from probation to life in prison without parole. A lawyer for Scott's family said justice was served with Slager's guilty plea. But attorney Chris Stewart also said Tuesday that verdicts are rare in officer-involved killings. The possibility of such a stiff sentence in killings by police is even more unusual. Scott's shooting in April 2015 was captured on cellphone video and seen worldwide. ___ ERIC GARNER The 43-year-old black man died in July 2014 in New York City after a white officer placed him in a chokehold during an arrest for selling loose cigarettes. A grand jury declined to indict that officer, nor any others involved in the arrest. The city agreed to pay a $6 million civil settlement. ___ JORDAN EDWARDS This black 15-year-old was fatally shot Saturday by a suburban Dallas police officer while a passenger in a car that was moving away, not in reverse toward officers. Balch Springs Police Chief Jonathan Haber said Monday that police video contradicts his department's original statement about the high school freshman's killing by officers investigating an underage drinking complaint at a house party Edwards was leaving. The officer, identified as Roy Oliver, was fired on Tuesday for violating department policies in Edwards' death. Oliver is white, according to the Texas Commission on Law Enforcement. ___ TERENCE CRUTCHER Tulsa, Oklahoma, police Officer Betty Jo Shelby's manslaughter trial begins Monday in the shooting of Crutcher, an unarmed man. Shelby, who is white, shot the 40-year-old man on Sept. 16, shortly after she arrived on a street to find Crutcher's SUV stopped in the middle of the road. Crutcher was seen without a weapon and with his hands up on videos from a patrol car dashboard and a police helicopter before Shelby shot him. Police Chief Chuck Jordan has said Crutcher did not have a gun on his body nor in his SUV. Shelby has pleaded not guilty. ___ PHILANDO CASTILE Castile was shot and killed July 6 by officer Jeronimo Yanez, who is Hispanic, after being pulled over as he drove through a suburb of St. Paul, Minnesota, with his girlfriend and her young daughter in the car. Livestreaming on Facebook moments later, his girlfriend said Castile, 32, was shot while reaching for his ID after telling the officer he had a gun permit and was armed. Ramsey County Attorney John Choi concluded that Yanez wasn't justified in using deadly force. Yanez is charged with manslaughter and is free ahead of his trial scheduled to start later this month. ___ REKIA BOYD Chicago police officer Dante Servin resigned in May 2016 after the police superintendent said he should be fired for killing an unarmed black woman four years earlier. Servin was off-duty when he shot 22-year-old Rekia Boyd. She had been walking down a street with her friends when he told them to be quiet, and he fired when he thought he saw a gun. Prosecutors charged Servin with involuntary manslaughter, a judge acquitted him in April 2016, saying he'd been improperly charged. The city settled a wrongful-death lawsuit in 2013 with Boyd's family for $4.5 million. ___ MICHAEL BROWN The 18-year-old black man was fatally shot by a white officer, Darren Wilson, in August 2014 in Ferguson, Missouri. A grand jury declined to indict Wilson, and the U.S. Justice Department opted against civil rights charges. Wilson later resigned. The death of Brown, who was unarmed, led to months of occasionally violent protests and became a catalyst for the Black Lives Matter movement, which rebukes police treatment of minorities. ___ LAQUAN MCDONALD Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder in November 2015, on the same day that the city, under a judge's orders, released dashcam video showing McDonald, a 17-year-old black man, being shot 16 times on Oct. 20, 2014. Van Dyke, who is white, has pleaded not guilty. The video prompted local and federal investigations; The Justice Department determined in January that Chicago police have a long history of civil rights violations and excessive force. ___ AKAI GURLEY Rookie New York City police officer Peter Liang was convicted of manslaughter last year in the November 2014 death of 28-year-old Gurley. Liang, an American of Chinese descent, said he was patrolling a public housing high-rise with his gun drawn when a sound startled him and he fired accidentally. A bullet ricocheted off a wall, hitting Gurley. A judge reduced the conviction to negligent homicide and sentenced Liang to five years' probation and 800 hours of community service. The city settled with Gurley's family for $4.1 million. ___ TAMIR RICE Twelve-year-old Tamir Rice was fatally shot by a white Cleveland police officer near a gazebo in a recreational area in November 2014. Officers were responding to a report of a man waving a gun. The boy had a pellet gun tucked in his waistband and was shot right after their cruiser skidded to a stop, just feet away. A grand jury in December 2015 declined to indict patrolman Timothy Loehmann, who fired the fatal shot, and training officer Frank Garmback. The city settled his family's lawsuit for $6 million. The officers still could be disciplined or fired by the department. ____ FREDDIE GRAY The 25-year-old man was shackled but alive when he was put in Baltimore police van in April 2015. He came out with severe neck injuries, and his subsequent death led to rioting. Six officers were charged initially, but prosecutors in July dropped all remaining charges after acquittals and a hung jury. Gray's family agreed to a $6.4 million settlement with the city in September 2015. ____ ERIC HARRIS Former Tulsa County volunteer sheriff's deputy Robert Bates, 74, was sentenced in June to four years in prison for second-degree manslaughter in the April 2015 death of Harris, 44, a black man who was unarmed and restrained. Bates, who is white, has said he confused his stun gun with his handgun. That shooting led to the temporary suspension of the reserve deputy program after a report found poor training of the volunteer officers, a lack of oversight, and cronyism. Bates is appealing his conviction. ___ WILLIAM CHAPMAN II Former Portsmouth, Virginia, Police Officer Stephen Rankin was sentenced in October to 2½ years in prison for fatally shooting this unarmed 18-year-old while responding to a shoplifting call outside a Wal-Mart on April 22, 2015. Prosecutors allege Rankin killed Chapman "willfully, deliberately and with premeditation." Chapman's body was reportedly delivered to the medical examiner with handcuffs still bound behind his back. Some witnesses said Chapman was combative, and one said he knocked away Rankin's stun gun. Rankin, who is white, was fired. ___ SAM DUBOSE Prosecutors plan to retry former University of Cincinnati police officer Ray Tensing this month in the killing of an unarmed black motorist during a traffic stop near the campus in July 2015. The jury deadlocked after his first murder trial. He faces 15 years to life if convicted. Tensing's body camera captured much of the encounter, although the two sides dispute what conclusions can be reached. Tensing's attorney says DuBose was using his car as a deadly weapon. The university fired Tensing, restructured its public safety department and reached a $5.3 million settlement that includes free undergraduate tuition for DuBose's 13 children. ___ JEREMY MCDOLE McDole, 28, was sitting in his wheelchair when he was shot and killed in September 2015 in Wilmington, Delaware, after police received a 911 call about a man with a gun. A bystander's cellphone footage showed officers repeatedly telling McDole to drop his weapon and raise his hands, with McDole reaching for his waist area before shots erupted. The Delaware attorney general's office decided against criminal charges against four Wilmington police officers involved, although investigators concluded one officer showed "extraordinarily poor" police work. In January, a federal judge approved the city's $1.5 million settlement with McDole's family. ___ RICKY BALL Former Columbus, Mississippi, police officer Canyon Boykin, who is white, was indicted in September for manslaughter in the shooting death of Ball, 26. Boykin said he fired because Ball appeared to point a gun at him during a foot chase in October 2015. The city fired Boykin, saying the officer violated policy by not turning on his body camera, by inviting his fiancee to ride with him and by making derogatory social media posts about African-Americans, women and disabled people. Boykin has sued the city, claiming violations of his constitutional rights. Ball's family has sued Boykin, the city and other police officials for wrongful death. ___ JAMAR CLARK The November 2015 shooting death of 24-year-old Clark sparked weeks of protests in Minneapolis. The officers, Mark Ringgenberg and Dustin Schwarze, were trying to arrest Clark when he was shot once in the head. He died a day later. Some witnesses said Clark was handcuffed when he was shot, but federal and state probes concluded that he was not. Investigators said Ringgenberg felt Clark's hand trying to grab his weapon and shouted to Schwarze, who then shot Clark. Prosecutors decided not to charge either white officer, and an internal police investigation cleared them. ___ KEITH LAMONT SCOTT A prosecutor cleared a black Charlotte-Mecklenburg police officer in the fatal shooting of Scott, 43, who was killed while sitting in his vehicle in the parking lot of his Charlotte apartment complex as officers sought another man. A police review board decided last month that Officer Brentley Vinson followed proper procedure. Police video showed officers shouting for Scott to drop a gun numerous times as he slowly backed out of an SUV. Scott's family said he did not have a gun and was reading a book. Charlotte-Mecklenburg District Attorney Andrew Murray cited evidence that Scott was armed, including a store's surveillance video, DNA recovered from a handgun and a Facebook conversation from the man who said he sold the stolen gun to Scott.    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest Spurs win Game 2, but Parker is carried off the court Downtown landmark is now 'best one-bedroom in the city' Couple found shot had been dead for days, police say Charred BMW left in parking lot becomes neighborhood spectacle Spurs' star leaves game with injury Top Texas court reduces killer's death sentence to life Ex-Cowboy Greg Hardy: I’m not a ‘psychopath’ West Texas man caught with crack rock stuck to shirt during... 'They ran him to death': Suspect in attempted H-E-B theft caught Army releases photographer's last picture before fatal explosion S.A. man turns Facebook joke into pool campaign $2.2 M Boerne home features a Spurs-inspired gym Peek into Rockets owner's $21.5M Manhattan condo Places San Antonio Spurs have called home Vintage postcards show S.A. parks in the early, mid-1900s How S.A. looked the decade you were born The history behind the majestic King William district Photo of Tim Duncan jersey on fire ignites outrage Analyst: How Pop's personality could lose the series Spurs-Rockets: 10 key numbers 10 arrested in Central Texas prostitution, drug sting S.A. couple found shot had been dead for days, police say Feds: Man shot by DEA agent has history of 'drug transactions' Recent Breaking News Jason Dady opening new restaurant downtown in former Lüke... Woman killed in crash with 18-wheeler on I-35 access road 1 dead, multiple injured in stabbing attack on UT-Austin campus Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Most Popular 1 Citizens chase down suspect who allegedly tried to steal... 2 23-year-old woman killed in crash with 18-wheeler on NE side... 3 Photo of Tim Duncan jersey on fire ignites outrage 4 Rackspace CEO Rhodes resigns 6 months after sale 5 Police begin citywide crackdown on busy San Antonio... 6 Two San Antonio women arrested in prostitution sting at Boerne... 7 WWE Legend X-Pac Arrested for Meth Possession 8 Army combat photographer snapped one last picture - seconds... 9 Central Texas police arrest 10 in prostitution, drug sting 10 Boerne attorney, a former judge, jailed on drug charge 11 $2.2 million Boerne home features a Spurs-inspired gym, other... 12 Royal Caribbean announces new ship sailing from Galveston 13 Gregg Popovich's old stubborn ways could be fatal for the... 14 Linkin Park announces San Antonio concert date 15 Charred BMW in South Side Gold's Gym parking lot becomes... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Forgot Password?   Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Retail Roundup with Taylor Hood Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 56° Share 7 bounty hunters shot at wrong car, charged with murder By Sheila Burke / Associated Press Published: Wednesday, May 3rd, 2017 at 3:09pm Updated: Wednesday, May 3rd, 2017 at 3:27pm This combo of booking photos released by the Clarksville, Tenn., Police Department shows, top row from left, William L. Byles, Kenneth Chiasson, Antwon D. Keesee and Jonathan Schnepp; bottom row from left, Roger D. West, Prentice L. Williams and Joshua Young. Tennessee police say the seven bounty hunters and bail bondsmen have been indicted on first-degree murder and other charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another. Authorities say 24-year-old Jalen Johnson and another man were wounded April 23, 2017, after the bounty hunters and bail bondsmen confronted Johnson and his three friends in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Clarksville, Tenn. Police said that neither Johnson nor his three friends had outstanding warrants. (Clarksville Police Department via AP) .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NASHVILLE, Tenn. — Seven bounty hunters who descended on the wrong car outside a Wal-Mart have been indicted on first-degree murder charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another, Tennessee police announced Wednesday. The charges come after a chaotic scene in Clarksville on April 23, where police said the bounty hunters shot at the four people in the sedan and chased them for seven miles. Not one of the men in the sedan was wanted on outstanding charges. In fact, the Clarksville bounty hunters were looking for someone else, and there is no indication that any of the victims fired at the defendants or were even armed, police spokesman Jim Knoll said in an email. Bail bondsmen are empowered to hire or act as bounty hunters to bring in people who violate the terms of jail bonds, but they can’t use deadly force unless it’s self-defense. Killed was 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three from Clarksville. His family called him an innocent man who died in an act of terrorizing violence. Advertisement Continue reading Johnson’s uncle, Toni Jenkins, told The Associated Press that his nephew and the three men in the car with him had no idea why people would suddenly block their car in the Wal-Mart parking lot. Fearing an attack by gang members, they tried to flee. The bounty hunters, Jenkins said, started shooting in the parking lot and continued to fire on them during the chase, even ramming the Nissan along the way. Clarksville police would not confirm or deny these details, but authorities have said they are troubled by how the bounty hunters put people at risk. The Montgomery County grand jury charged all seven men with first-degree felony murder, three counts of attempted second-degree murder, three counts of especially aggravated kidnapping, attempted especially aggravated kidnapping, four counts of aggravated assault, employing a firearm in commission of a dangerous felony and felony reckless endangerment, police said. Some of the men charged were bonding agents and others were strictly bounty hunters, Knoll said. Share Tweet LinkedIn Email Print Subscribe Crime More News Nation Suggested Stories: Couple hiding at lodge busted – Jun 14, 2013 Bounty hunters' action investigated – Aug 7, 2015 Police not saying if raid of chief's home was a hoax – Aug 7, 2015 Bounty hunter pleads guilty in raid on Phoenix chief's home – Nov 16, 2016 Advertisement Load comments Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics Newsletters CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy Contest Terms RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2017 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
AboutLawsuits.com Latest News Featured Lawsuits Zofran Xarelto Benicar Morcellation Antibiotics (Levaquin, Cipro, Avelox) Testosterone Lipitor Talcum Powder Mirena IUD Fresenius Dialysis Abilify Actos Byetta GM Recall Vaginal Mesh Tylenol Viagra Review a Case About Select a page Latest News Featured Lawsuits— Zofran— Xarelto— Benicar— Morcellation— Antibiotics (Levaquin, Cipro, Avelox)— Testosterone— Lipitor— Talcum Powder— Mirena IUD— Fresenius Dialysis— Abilify— Actos— Byetta— GM Recall— Vaginal Mesh— Tylenol— Viagra Review a Case About RSS Wrongful Death Lawsuit Filed Over Roundup Cancer Side Effects Prevacid, Nexium Side Effects Caused Acute Kidney Injury, Lawsuit Alleges Kidney Failure Lawsuit Filed Over Invokana Warnings Eliquis Bleeding Injury Resulted in Hospitalization, Lawsuit Claims Roundup Exposure Led To NHL Diagnosis For Detroit Worker, Lawsuit Claims Umbilical Hernia Repair Lawsuit Filed Over Problems With Ethicon Surgical Mesh Xarelto Bellwether Trial Underway Over Gastrointestinal Bleed Nexium, Prevacid and Prilosec Caused Kidney Injuries, Lawsuit Claims Invokana Lawsuit Filed Over Diabetic Ketoacidosis Injuries Eliquis Problems Caused Fatal Bleeding Event, Wrongful Death Lawsuit Claims « » Hot Topics: Talc Powder IVC Filter Nexium/Prilosec RoundUp Viagra Xarelto TwitterFacebook Search Handheld Massager Recall Issued Following Burn Injury Reports May 3, 2017 Written by: Russell Maas Add Your Comments More than 400,000 handheld massagers have been recalled, following more than 140 reports involving problems where the power cord broke and exposed electrical wires, resulting in more than a dozen burn injuries.  A HoMedics handheld massagers recall was announced by the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission (CPSC) on May 2, due to a risk that exposed wires may cause the device to begin sparking, smoking, and in some cases began shooting flames from the massager. To date, the CPSC is aware of at least 15 reported burn injuries to consumer’s fingers, arms and other parts of the body. The CPSC recall notice warns consumers to stop using the products immediately due to the risk of electric shock and burn injuries, as well as the risk of fire. The recalled massage devices includes three models sold under the HoMedics brand, including model numbers HHP-375H, HHP-250, and the PA-MH-THP models, which are equipped with a 120 VAC, 60 HZ power cords. The handheld massagers are marked with “HoMedics” on the back of the device above the power button. Manufacturing dates and codes can be located on a label affixed to the underside of the product. Date codes are displayed as a four-digit number representing the sequential week and year in the format of “WWYY”. The HHP-375 model is a handheld dual node percussion massager with heat capability that was sold with a gray or black handle and has three sets of interchangeable nodes. The HHP-250 model provides heating or cooling massage functions and were sold with a gray or or blue stripe and have three, five or eight interchangeable nodes. The PA-MH-THP models supply compact percussion massage with heat functions and are white on the bottom of the base and gray on top and have two sets of interchangeable nodes. The recalled products were manufactured in China under HoMedics USA LLC of Commerce Township, Michigan. They were sold at Bed Bath & Beyond, Macy’s Rite-Aid, Walmart and various other large and smaller scale retailers nationwide from August 2013 through February 2017 for between $30 and $50. According to the manufacturer, an estimated 400,000 devices were sold throughout the United States. The CPSC recommends that customers check their products immediately to verify if they are included in the recall. Customers are being asked to stop using the recalled handheld massagers and to contact HoMedics at 888-803-0509 for information on how to receive a full refund or store credit. Customers may also visit the manufacturer online at http://www.homedics.com and navigate to the link titled “Product Recall” for more information. Related Stories E-Cigarette Lawsuit Claims Exploding Device Set Man’s Leg On Fire (4/6/2017) Polaris Sportsman 850, 1000 ATV Recall Issued Amid Reports of Fires, Burns (3/22/2017) 3 Square Rice and Slow Cooker Recall Issued Due to Electric Shock Hazard (10/24/2016) Electrocution Risk Leads to Schneider Electric Circuit Breaker Recall (12/19/2014) Menards Pre-Lit Christmas Tree Recall Issued Due to Risk of Fires, Burns (12/17/2013) Tags: Burns, Electrocution, Fire Tweet Share Your Comments First Name* Last Name Email* Shared Comments* I authorize the above comments be posted on this page* Yes No Have Your Comments Reviewed by a Lawyer Provide additional contact information if you want an attorney to review your comments and contact you about a potential case. This information will not be published. Contact Phone # Alt Phone # Private Comments NOTE: Providing information for review by an attorney does not form an attorney-client relationship. GA_Source GA_Medium GA_Campaign GA_Term GA_Content Phone This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Most Recent Headlines Bard Blood Clot Filter Lawyers to Meet With Judge in Federal MDL (Posted 9 hours ago) Mirena Pseudotumor Cerebri Symptoms Required Multiple Shunts For Brain Fluid, Lawsuit Indicates (Posted 10 hours ago) Pregnancy Use of Antibiotics Linked To Increased Risk of Miscarriage: Study (Posted 11 hours ago) FDA Issues Warning on Medtronic Surgical Navigation Tools After Patient Deaths (Posted 12 hours ago) Wrongful Death Lawsuit Filed Over Roundup Cancer Side Effects (Posted 1 day ago) Breast Implant Cancer Cases Identified In Australia Continues to Grow (Posted 1 day ago) Follow on Facebook Featured Lawsuits Talcum Powder Lawsuit Talcum powder or talc powder may cause women to develop ovarian cancer. 72 Comments RoundUp Lawsuits Exposure to RoundUp May Increase Risk of Non-Hodgkins Lymphoma and Other Cancers. Lawsuits Reviewed Nationwide. 11 Comments IVC Filter Lawsuits Design Problems with Certain IVC Filters Linked to Severe Injuries. Lawsuits Reviewed Nationwide. 22 Comments Nexium, Prilosec and Other Acid Reflux Drug Lawsuits Nexium, Prilosec and other acid reflux drug side effects may increase risk of kidney injury. Lawsuits reviewed. 35 Comments Invokana Lawsuits Side effects of Invokana have been linked to reports of ketoacidosis and kidney failure. Lawsuits are being reviewed by lawyers. 7 Comments Testosterone Lawsuits Testosterone Gel, Patches, Injections or other Treatments May Cause Heart Attacks, Strokes, Wrongful Death. 17 Comments Xarelto Lawsuits Side Effects of Xarelto May Increase Risk of Uncontrollable Bleeding. 10 Comments Viagra Melanoma Lawsuit Side Effects of Viagra Linked to Risk of Melanoma Skin Cancer 5 Comments Taxotere Lawsuits Side effects of Taxotere breast cancer drug may cause permanent hair loss. Lawsuits reviewed nationwide. 1 Comment Hip Replacement Lawsuits Lawsuits are being reviewed for several different dangerous and defective hip replacement systems. 0 Comments About AboutLawsuits.com Privacy Policy Terms of Use & Disclaimers Site Sponsored by: Saiontz & Kirk, P.A. © 2017 Copyright AboutLawsuits.com. All Rights Reserved
Digital Trends Home > Buying Guides > The 20 best tech toys for kids will make you wish… The 20 best tech toys for kids will make you wish you were 10 again By Simon Hill — May 3, 2017 11:00 AM Share Don't Fall Behind Stay current with a recap of today's Tech News from Digital Trends Finding the perfect gadget gifts for children is trickier than it looks. The children’s toy market is awash with over-priced junk destined to end up unloved and forgotten at the bottom of a toy box within days of being unwrapped. How do you find kid’s tech that’s inspiring and educational, but fun enough to keep them coming back to it? We have just the right picks. We’re not going to look at obvious categories like tablets or smartphones — we have separate roundups for those. This is about interesting and unusual gadgets that will hopefully delight your wee ones. This is the best tech for kids. We have included the suggested age from the manufacturer here, but we’ve found that as long as they’re supervised, younger kids will also really enjoy most of these gadgets and toys. 8 years and up Galaxy Zega Battle Tanks ($150+) Transform your living room floor into a battleground and go head-to-head with smartphone-controlled tanks. Thanks to Galaxy Zega’s clever design, it’s quick and easy to slot a battleground together. You can use Android and iOS devices as remote controls, and the apps allow you to earn points and upgrade your tank. It’s also worth spending the extra $30 on the X-bases, because they act as power-up squares or flags that spice up the various game modes. Younger kids can enjoy the tanks, too, but they’ll need some supervision and a smartphone or tablet to join in the fun. Buy one now from: Galaxy Zega Jimu DIY Robot Buzzbot & Muttbot Robotics Kit ($120) Here’s a robotics kit brimming with snap-together parts and servos that can be transformed into a robot that your child can then program and control via an Android or iOS app. It’s billed as a S.T.E.M. toy, and as such, it encourages problem solving and logical thinking. It’s also pretty easy to get into and loads of fun. You can put the kit together in multiple ways, too, and there are visual instructions to help you build the Buzzbot and like-minded Muttbot. Still, the robots require time, patience, and a smartphone or tablet to program, so this is best for older kids with some adult supervision. Buy one now from: Amazon Sphero BB-8 app-enabled Droid ($129+) Please enable Javascript to watch this video For any kids excited by Star Wars: The Force Awakens, what could be better than a branded BB-8 droid that can be remote controlled with an Android or iOS device? This super-cute robot rolls around in any direction, with his head floating magnetically on top. The companion app is packed with official Star Wars sound effects and a few different activities, such as the ability to record holographic messages, so you and your kids can have more fun with BB-8. The Star Wars tie-in does mean that the price is a little inflated for what this is, but most kids will love it. Watch our first look video. Buy one now from: Amazon Apple Meccano Meccanoid G15 KS Personal Robot ($183) Please enable Javascript to watch this video What kid wouldn’t love to build their own 4-foot-tall robot that’s capable of mimicking them and responding to instructions? There are around 1,200 parts to this, including a brain, LED eyes, and eight motors. You can use an Android or iOS app with it, but it’s easier to teach the Meccanoid through direct manipulation. There are lots of voice commands you can use, and it can be reconfigured into something less humanoid — but be warned, it takes a long time to build. Buy one now from: Walmart littleBits Electronics Gizmos & Gadgets Kit ($175+) Please enable Javascript to watch this video Building their own gadgets can be enormously appealing for kids, but it’s a lot easier to dismantle something than it is to put it together. Fortunately, the LittleBits line of electronics provides them with all the materials they need to build their own devices. It’s easy to fit the different components together using the clear guides and a companion app, but there’s also room for their own ideas and tweaks. It’s a fun group activity that combines science and art. Read our hands on review here. Buy one now from: Amazon Anki Overdrive Battle and Race Robotic Supercars Starter Kit ($150) Please enable Javascript to watch this video How would you modernize slot-car race tracks? Anki Overdrive could be the answer. It’s like a cross between Scalextric and Mario Kart. Cars are controlled by an Android or iOS device, and you can race or battle each other. You can fit up to four cars on the track at once, but you don’t need company because the AI is impressively good. The track can be slotted together to create various different layouts, and you can add extra packs to extend it. Buy one now from: Amazon Circuit Maze Board Game ($30) Please enable Javascript to watch this video This puzzle game teaches your kids all about how circuits and electricity work. It’s a well-made game with 60 different challenges to beat. They’ll need to move the pieces around and fit them in the right sequence to solve each puzzle. The challenges come in three different difficulty levels. It’s great for developing problem solving skills, and, more importantly, it’s fun for adults to play along with their kids. If you’re trying to cut down on screen time, this is a nice alternative. Buy one now from: Amazon 6 – 7 years and up SelfieMic Selfie Stick Microphone ($32) If your youngster has their heart set on a career as a pop star — or they just enjoy singing — then the SelfieMic could be a real hit. It’s a selfie stick that comes outfitted with a microphone, though you’ll need to provide the smartphone in order to use it properly. There’s also a companion app available for Android and iOS devices that’s packed with potential karaoke songs. Your kids can even edit their creations, add effects, and share them instantly. That said, you’ll definitely want to supervise younger kids with this one. Buy one now from: Amazon SAM Labs Science Museum Inventor Kit ($139) Please enable Javascript to watch this video The elegant simplicity of this electronics kit is appealing for kids and adults alike. You get a light sensor, a buzzer, a tilt sensor, a motor, and a few other bits and pieces in the box. Start up the software on your computer and you’ll find a simple interface where you can move and link together the various blocks. It’s not just about creating sequences for the electronics, either. You can also trigger your computer to play sounds, capture photos, and send tweets. This particular kit was produced in partnership with the London Science Museum, and includes guides that encapsulate everything from Morse code to alarm systems. Buy one now from: Amazon SAM Labs Mattel View-Master Virtual Reality Starter Pack ($14) Please enable Javascript to watch this video Virtual reality is starting to take off and it’s exciting. There are a few headsets that use your smartphone as the screen, but this is the first one we’ve seen that’s specifically aimed at kids. It works with various smartphones, just like Google Cardboard, and there are a number of compatible VR apps and games currently available for Android and iOS. In a nod to the view-masters of yesteryear, Mattel has also included reels that trigger different augmented-reality experiences. You can buy various $15 reel packs, which cover topics such as space and wildlife. Read more here. Buy one now from: Amazon Dino-Lite AM2111 handheld 0.3 MP digital microscope ($99) Please enable Javascript to watch this video It’s amazing what you can see with a microscope. Your kids will love collecting samples to examine, and even everyday objects can reveal surprises. This handheld microscope plugs into your computer, laptop, tablet, or phone — the software supports Windows, Mac, Android, and iOS — and shows from 10X up to 220X magnification. There are also four LEDs to illuminate your subject and a plastic stand you can slot it into. You can also use it to capture photographs or video. Buy one now from: Amazon Next Page 1 of 2 8 years and up 6 years and up
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Why Your 'Organic' Milk May Not Be Organic by Peter Whoriskey, Washington Post Posted: Wednesday, May 3, 2017 at 3:37PM EDT The High Plains dairy complex reflects the new scale of the U.S. organic industry: It is big. Stretching across miles of pastures and feedlots north of Greeley, Colo., the complex is home to more than 15,000 cows, making it more than 100 times the size of a typical organic herd. It is the main facility of Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that produces enough milk to supply the house brands of Walmart, Costco and other major retailers. “We take great pride in our commitment to organic, and in our ability to meet the rigorous criteria of the USDA organic regulations,” Aurora advertises. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Washington Post Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to DairyPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Money Talks News: Best things to buy in May - Toledo News Now, News, Weather, Sports, Toledo, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Download the WTOL 11 News app Email Alerts Live stream See It, Snap It, Send It Slideshow Center Health and Family News News Children's Miracle Network 'Day of Miracles' 2016 Election HQ Local News State and Regional News National/World News Crime Watch Entertainment News Beating Heroin Flint Water Crisis #2Strong4Bullies Back-to-School HQ Terrorism around the world Special Reports Fallen Heroes Toledo Jeep Fest Trending Stories Race for the Cure 2016 Weather First Alert Weather Blog First Alert Sky Cams Defender: Meet the newest member of the First Alert Weather team Download the First Alert Weather app Weather Email Alerts 7-Day Forecast First Alert Interactive Radar First Alert Weather Day explained Power outages Watch vs. Warning: Chief Meteorologist Robert Shiels explains Maps & Media Sports Camellia Bowl Download the WTOL 11 Big Board app Big Board Friday MLB news Athlete of the Week VIDEO First Alert Weather Video Local News Video Trending Today Traffic Wake Up Weather Your Day at 9 School Closings Crime Watch Recipes Health and Family News Traffic Health Call 11 for Action Don't Waste Your Money Call 11 for Action Cases Ask Call 11 for Action For Help Money Talks News Special Reports Product Recalls TV WTOL TV Schedule WUPW TV Schedule Links mentioned on TV Our Contests Leading Edge ABOUT US Jobs About Us - WTOL About Us - WUPW News Team WTOL Staff Intern or Shadow at WTOL Editorials Advertise Community Track 11 Children's Miracle Network 'Day of Miracles' Money Talks News: Best things to buy in May 2017-05-03T19:42:25Z2017-05-03T19:42:25Z By Stacy Johnson Email Connect kalbright@wtol.com (Source: WTOL) (Money Talks News) - May is the month generally considered to be the beginning of summer. And if you plan on some early summer shopping, we have a few tips on what the hot buys are. Beginning with Memorial Day, you will see huge deals on spring clothing from Macy's, Amazon and other retailers. Memorial Day also has great deals on mattresses. 'Deal News' says you can get deals for at least 50 percent off, but you can increase those savings even more with coupons. And with people leaving the office for summer vacation, May is good month to get office furniture. Office Depot, Staples, Walmart and Target all have deals for desks and chairs. So what are the duds of the month? Avoid buying a laptop until back-to-school sales begin in late June.  While you might want a new grill for summer, Labor Day offers the best prices. For more May deals and duds, head to the Money Talks News website and search for "deals." © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved.  WTOL 11 Top StoriesWTOL 11 Top StoriesMore>> First Alert Forecast: Heavy rain to begin overnight First Alert Forecast: Heavy rain to begin overnight (Source: WTOL) ALERT DAYS are up for Thursday and Friday. Rainfall Thursday may reach around 2". Rain will continue Thursday night into Friday morning with totals over 3" by noon Friday.More >> ALERT DAYS are up for Thursday and Friday. Rainfall Thursday may reach around 2". Rain will continue Thursday night into Friday morning with totals over 3" by noon Friday.More >> Suspected Zika case puts Ohio neighborhood on mosquito alert Suspected Zika case puts Ohio neighborhood on mosquito alert Posted: Wednesday, May 3 2017 7:46 AM EDT2017-05-03 11:46:21 GMT (Source: AP Images) A suspected case of Zika virus has health officials urging a western Ohio neighborhood to take precautions against mosquitoes, which can spread the virus to people. More >> A suspected case of Zika virus has health officials urging a western Ohio neighborhood to take precautions against mosquitoes, which can spread the virus to people.More >> 9 condemned Ohio killers receive new execution dates 9 condemned Ohio killers receive new execution dates Posted: Tuesday, May 2 2017 8:44 AM EDT2017-05-02 12:44:21 GMT (Source: AP Images/RNN) A look at the nine condemned Ohio killers who received new execution dates Monday based on an order by Gov. John Kasich. The governor says changing the dates was necessary because of the schedule recently set for...More >> A look at the nine condemned Ohio killers who received new execution dates Monday based on an order by Gov. John Kasich. The governor says changing the dates was necessary because of the schedule recently set for June...More >> Off-duty Cleveland officer on paid leave after firing at car Off-duty Cleveland officer on paid leave after firing at car Posted: Tuesday, May 2 2017 8:44 AM EDT2017-05-02 12:44:10 GMT (Source: RNN) Authorities say an off-duty Cleveland police officer is on paid administrative leave after shooting at a car near downtown. More >> Authorities say an off-duty Cleveland police officer is on paid administrative leave after shooting at a car near downtown.More >> More Ohioans getting treated for gambling addiction More Ohioans getting treated for gambling addiction Posted: Tuesday, May 2 2017 8:42 AM EDT2017-05-02 12:42:54 GMT An increase in the number of Ohioans treated for gambling addiction in the past two years is attributed not only to the effects of casino legalization but to increased availability of treatment. More >> An increase in the number of Ohioans treated for gambling addiction in the past two years is attributed not only to the effects of casino legalization but to increased availability of treatment.More >>    Strange But True - Irresistible Headlines & VideoStrange NewsMore>> 13 things to know about Friday the 13th 13 things to know about Friday the 13th Updated: Friday, January 13 2017 8:43 AM EST2017-01-13 13:43:53 GMT What do you really know about Friday the 13th? More >> What do you really know about Friday the 13th?More >> Girl’s USC rejection letter turns out to be prom proposal Girl’s USC rejection letter turns out to be prom proposal Posted: Monday, April 14 2014 11:11 AM EDT2014-04-14 15:11:20 GMT Updated: Monday, April 14 2014 11:11 AM EDT2014-04-14 15:11:20 GMT A girl who was recently accepted at the University of South Carolina got a second shocking letter telling her that her she was instead rejected by the college.More >> A girl who was recently accepted at the University of South Carolina got a second shocking letter telling her that her she was instead rejected by the college.More >> Life-sized gingerbread house Life-sized gingerbread house Posted: Wednesday, December 9 2015 5:47 PM EST2015-12-09 22:47:49 GMT Updated: Wednesday, December 9 2015 6:06 PM EST2015-12-09 23:06:47 GMT Hotel creates life-sized gingerbread house for the holiday. (Source: The Ritz-Carlton, Dove Mountain/Facebook) The gingerbread house at The Ritz-Carlton, Dove Mountain in Arizona is in a category all by itself- life-size.More >> The gingerbread house at The Ritz-Carlton, Dove Mountain in Arizona is in a category all by itself- life-size.More >> Breakup Shop offers a variety of ways to dump someone Breakup Shop offers a variety of ways to dump someone Posted: Tuesday, November 17 2015 6:32 AM EST2015-11-17 11:32:06 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 17 2015 9:30 AM EST2015-11-17 14:30:34 GMT (Credit: The Breakup Shop/Twitter) A new company is making it easier to breakup with your significant other for as little as $10.More >> A new company is making it easier to breakup with your significant other for as little as $10.More >> Man proposes to girlfriend with a ring made from his wisdom tooth Man proposes to girlfriend with a ring made from his wisdom tooth Posted: Tuesday, November 3 2015 11:43 PM EST2015-11-04 04:43:27 GMT Updated: Tuesday, November 3 2015 11:43 PM EST2015-11-04 04:43:26 GMT Source: Carlee Leifkes Meet Carlee Leifkes and Lucas Unger. The two got engaged on Halloween in California. Unger got down on one knee and popped the big question with an engagement ring not made out of diamonds, but rather a ring made from one of his wisdom teeth.More >> Meet Carlee Leifkes and Lucas Unger. The two got engaged on Halloween in California. Unger got down on one knee and popped the big question with an engagement ring not made out of diamonds, but rather a ring made from one of his wisdom teeth.More >>    Headlines from Lucas, Wood, Ottawa, Fulton & Monroe CountiesNewsMore>> First Alert Forecast: Heavy rain to begin overnight First Alert Forecast: Heavy rain to begin overnight (Source: WTOL) ALERT DAYS are up for Thursday and Friday. Rainfall Thursday may reach around 2". Rain will continue Thursday night into Friday morning with totals over 3" by noon Friday.More >> ALERT DAYS are up for Thursday and Friday. Rainfall Thursday may reach around 2". Rain will continue Thursday night into Friday morning with totals over 3" by noon Friday.More >> Self-proclaimed natural healer skips hearing, warrant still out for her arrest Self-proclaimed natural healer skips hearing, warrant still out for her arrest Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 11:38 PM EDT2017-05-04 03:38:04 GMT (Source: WTOL) A bond hearing was held Wednesday for a woman accused of various drug charges, but she did not show up for the hearing.More >> A bond hearing was held Wednesday for a woman accused of various drug charges, but she did not show up for the hearing.More >> Mayoral candidate's van catches fire Mayoral candidate's van catches fire Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 11:07 PM EDT2017-05-04 03:07:19 GMT (Source: WTOL) A Toledo mayoral candidate's campaign van caught fire Wednesday afternoon. More >> A Toledo mayoral candidate's campaign van caught fire Wednesday afternoon.More >> Twisting together at Perrysburg's "Senior Prom" Twisting together at Perrysburg's "Senior Prom" Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 11:00 PM EDT2017-05-04 03:00:32 GMT (Source: WTOL) It was a high school dance unlike most Wednesday night at Perrysburg High School.More >> It was a high school dance unlike most Wednesday night at Perrysburg High School.More >> Perrysburg Schools discusses the future of education for their students Perrysburg Schools discusses the future of education for their students Updated: Wednesday, May 3 2017 10:57 PM EDT2017-05-04 02:57:53 GMT (Source: WTOL) Perrysburg Schools partnered with the University of Toledo's Judith Herb College of education to discuss the future of education. More >> Perrysburg Schools partnered with the University of Toledo's Judith Herb College of education to discuss the future of education. More >>    Can't Find Something? WTOL FCC Public File wtolpublicfile @wtol.com (419) 248-1111 EEO Report Closed Captioning WUPW FCC Public File publicfile @foxtoledo.com (419) 248-1111 EEO Report Closed Captioning 730 North Summit Street Toledo, OH 43604 (419) 248-1111 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Red Sox eject, ban fan from Fenway Park for life for racial slur Richard Albert: Haiti should relinquish its sovereignty Ivanka Trump: The new feminist icon? At least three killed in crash at Billerica auto auction Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Staples hopes to find its mojo with new TV ads E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share By Megan Woolhouse Globe Staff  May 03, 2017 Office products might not seem like deeply emotional purchases, but Framingham-based Staples, Inc. will roll out a national TV ad campaign Monday that pulls at the heart strings as it focuses on the value of work ethic. The 15 and 30-second spots highlight workers striving to be their best -- and using Staples products in the process. Advertisement It’s the latest effort by the struggling office-supply chain to reinvigorate business. Called “Staples -- It’s Pro Time,” the campaign’s ads feature people trying to ace a job, whether it’s a woman preparing for a business presentation, a janitor cleaning up an unexpected mess, or a young entrepreneur opening a shop. “Somewhere inside each of us, there’s a pro,” a voice-over says in one ad. “It’s not always easy to summon your pro, but once you find it, you’ll find you can do anything.” Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here “Handling the unexpected doesn’t happen by accident,” another says. Staples must summon its pro too, as the office supply chain fights to stay relevant against rivals such as Amazon.com and Walmart. The ad campaign, developed by MRM/McCann in New York in partnership with the firm Craft, is the company’s fourth in its 31-year history. Staples’ chief marketing officer Frank P. Bifulco Jr. said the company wanted to emphasize its delivery services and appeal to consumers, as well as small and mid-sized businesses. Advertisement “Throughout the campaign, we believe our customers will see themselves,” Bifulco said. Megan Woolhouse can be reached at megan.woolhouse@globe.com. Follow her on Twitter @megwoolhouse. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Help Identify Theft Suspect who Stole Woman’s Purse in California May 3, 2017 On Saturday, April 29, 2017 at approximately 9:15 a.m, a tall black male (seen in the video) stole a purse containing a very large sum of cash. The victim was at the Cheseldine Car Wash, at 22667 Mercedes Drive, in California, when the suspect stole a purse containing $5,000 cash from the front seat of the victims car while she was vacuuming out the vehicle. The suspect then fled on foot towards Chancellors Run Road and was last seen on the bike paths in the area of the Walmart. Anyone who can identify this person is encouraged to leave a comment below, or contact CRIME SOLVERS at 301.475.3333 or text a tip to “TIP239” plus your message to “CRIMES” (274637). You can also call the St. Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office Duty Officer at 301-475-8008   This entry was posted on May 3, 2017 at 11:43 am and is filed under All News, Community, County, Crime Solvers, Law Enforcement, St. Mary's News, St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers, Top News, z 600X120 Top Ad Bottom, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 16 Responses to Help Identify Theft Suspect who Stole Woman’s Purse in California Heather on May 3, 2017 at 12:01 pm Are those jorts or capris he has on? Reply The Fake Bob Lob Law on May 3, 2017 at 3:10 pm Does it matter? We both know the answer to that. Reply Nick on May 3, 2017 at 12:27 pm Quit leaving valuables in your cars! Reply Maybe the perp in the capris is Nick on May 3, 2017 at 3:46 pm Nick thinks its your fault for getting your stuff stolen. It isn’t the POS thief that is at fault here, its you for leaving your valuables in your car, 4 feet away from you… Reply Opie on May 3, 2017 at 5:05 pm According to the article, she didn’t leave her purse and walked away. She was there vacuuming her car when he took the purse from the front seat. Don’t blame the victim because a thief is on the loose. Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 8:14 pm Quit being a bleeding heart liberal POS how about that you idiot SMMFH. Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 1:12 pm Unless the person is a business owner (maybe), what the h3ll is somebody doing randomly driving around with $5 G’s in their car? Reply Localboy on May 3, 2017 at 2:08 pm I’m guessing she owns a business? How many people do you know that have 5K cash in their purse? Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 2:19 pm that looks like Adam Silcott Roberts Reply AliceW on May 3, 2017 at 2:19 pm Round up all the cocain dealers and ask them who he is. You might even pick him up at the same time since he has the cash, assuming it is real. Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 2:34 pm Looking at his walk and cloths they might want to check out the gay hangouts. He probably took the purse because it matched his outfit. With the amount of money in the purse the crime went from petty theft to a felony so he better have fun now because when they catch him he will do some serious time. Reply WS on May 3, 2017 at 2:43 pm Sweet walk Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 3:11 pm Is it just me, or are these thugs starting to look more and more effeminate? He looks oddly comfortable carrying a purse. Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 3:28 pm now wait… she had $5000 in her purse? And she’s vacuuming out her car with that just sitting on her seat… Come the _ _ _ _ on, I am not saying the man didn’t steal her purse but there is NO way any sane person would have $5000 cash and just leave that laying on the seat or even stop to vacuum their car… something is fishy here… Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 4:01 pm Looks like a boy named raQuan. Always walking around Lexington Park. How embarrassing is that. Go get a job . Reply Anonymous on May 3, 2017 at 4:03 pm It is so sad that some POS thief takes some lady’s purse and people shame her for carrying her money in her car. Why not work with police to find trash like this guy and work with the community to run all the crooks and dealers out of our county so people can trust people and feel confident their property is safe in their own car/house again. Up until 15 year ago my grandmother and parents never locked their car or house. Now, with all the transplants, it is hard to know who to trust. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Archives May 2017 (50) April 2017 (272) March 2017 (314) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (323) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (559) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
Make Canoe my Homepage Twitter Facebook RSS Français Canoe - CNEWS Canoe News News Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Videos After A Scramble For Support, Health Care Bill... See What's In The Funding Bill Passed By The House Why Verizon Paid The NFL $21 Million To Broadcast... News Vodka-soaked gummy bears, smuggling, prostitutes Murder of mobster Musitano shocks neighbours Big bunny's death costs United big bucks Showbiz Showbiz Celebrities Television Movies Music Books Theatre Videos Photos Videos Justin Bieber and Hailee Steinfeld Are Not Dating Emma Stone Delivers Corsage and Boutonniere to... Floyd Mayweather Says He Respects MMA, All Its... News Ex-porn star claims Drake knocked her up A B.C. sandwich shop offered Neeson free food Diesel wishes The Rock a happy birthday on... Sports Sports Videos Photos Scoreboard Hockey Wrestling Football Baseball Basketball Videos Becoming captain was a pivotal moment for Connor... Raptors should show Cavs less respect after Game... Edmonton fans singing U.S. anthem was 'cool':... News Raptors should be 'embarrassed' by loss: Casey Jays cough up multiple leads in loss to Yankees Raps don't make any progress, lose Game 2 to Cavs Hot Topics Chad Johnson not happy with... Chad Johnson not happy with TSN Kessel blasts 'embarrassing,... Kessel blasts embarrassing media Money Money Videos Photos Videos Johnny Depp Accused of Wearing Ear Piece to Avoid... Kim Kardashian is Done Being Flashy Will Smith Would Make The Perfect Genie In... News Uber to take to the skies with 'flying cars' 5 potential measures to tackle housing... Loblaws to open 30 new stores and renovate more... Hot Topics Amazon work culture Could happen here iPod demoted Put with chargers Lifestyle Lifestyle Style & Beauty Food & Drink Love & Sex Living Horoscopes Comics Puzzles Royals Videos Floyd Mayweather Says He Respects MMA, All Its... Jaden Smith Held His Hair on the Red Carpet Pregnant Serena Williams Keeping Baby's Sex a... News How much exercise do you actually need to... Say 'I do' to food trucks at your wedding Aquafaba: Magical 'bean water' can replace eggs Hot Topics Rate the look: Celebrity look... Rate the look: Celebrity look of th day Top-rated wines Wines of the week Health Travel Travel Destinations Activities News Tips & Trends Tools Videos Photos Videos News WestJet buys 10 Boeing Dreamliners Wine, whisky and drama: More to Niagara than just... New York City aims to woo Canadian tourists Hot Topics TRIVIA Can you ID the provincial flags? HOTELS 11 things Canadians forget most Driving Tech Tech Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews Videos Photos Videos Jays' Aaron Sanchez talks baseball and MLB The... Call of Duty's John Marshall Jones On The Wonders... Raw: Deadly Train Crash in Egypt News Nex Evolution a modular smart band Facebook to hire 3,000 to review crime videos Uber to take to the skies with 'flying cars' Videos Photos Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Today's News Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather 7 bounty hunters who shot at wrong car, charged with murder This combo of booking photos released by the Clarksville, Tenn., Police Department shows, top row from left, William L. Byles, Kenneth Chiasson, Antwon D. Keesee and Jonathan Schnepp; bottom row from left, Roger D. West, Prentice L. Williams and Joshua Young. Tennessee police say the seven bounty hunters and bail bondsmen have been indicted on first-degree murder and other charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another. Authorities say 24-year-old Jalen Johnson and another man were wounded April 23, 2017, after the bounty hunters and bail bondsmen confronted Johnson and his three friends in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Clarksville, Tenn. Police said that neither Johnson nor his three friends had outstanding warrants. (Clarksville Police Department via AP) Latest News Naked woman shocks passengers during casual stroll through Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport: VIDEO Woman drove around with newborn's corpse: Cops 'Rolex Robber' allegedly drugged, stole from johns Share Sheila Burke, THE ASSOCIATED PRESS May 3, 2017 , Last Updated: 3:27 PM ET NASHVILLE — Seven bounty hunters who descended on the wrong car outside a Wal-Mart have been indicted on first-degree murder charges in the killing of an unarmed man and the wounding of another, Tennessee police announced Wednesday. The charges come after a chaotic scene in Clarksville on April 23, where police said the bounty hunters shot at the four people in the sedan and chased them for seven miles. Not one of the men in the sedan was wanted on outstanding charges. In fact, the Clarksville bounty hunters were looking for someone else, and there is no indication that any of the victims fired at the defendants or were even armed, police spokesman Jim Knoll said in an email. Bail bondsmen are empowered to hire or act as bounty hunters to bring in people who violate the terms of jail bonds, but they can’t use deadly force unless it’s self-defence. Killed was 24-year-old Jalen Johnson, a father of three from Clarksville. His family called him an innocent man who died in an act of terrorizing violence. The Montgomery County grand jury charged all seven men with first-degree felony murder, three counts of attempted second-degree murder, three counts of especially aggravated kidnapping, attempted especially aggravated kidnapping, four counts of aggravated assault, employing a firearm in commission of a dangerous felony and felony reckless endangerment, police said.   Videos After A Scramble For Support, Health Care Bill Will Come To The Floor See What's In The Funding Bill Passed By The House Why Verizon Paid The NFL $21 Million To Broadcast A Lackluster Game Comey Stands By October Clinton Decision But Feels 'Mildly Nauseous' More Violence In Venezuela After President Calls For New Constitution President Trump Is Confident That Israel And Palestine Will Find Peace US Press Freedom Ranking Just Dropped, Despite 'Strong Track Record' Sajjan offers no 'excuses' for overstating 2006 battle role Mount Everest Might Be Even More Dangerous This Year 'No reason for panic' on rapidly aging population: Philpott Toronto couple on why they downsized from house to condo Oscar Mayer Is Taking Some Stuff Out Of Its Hot Dogs Previous Next More Videos Photos Tornadoes leave death, devastation in Texas Crane climber in Toronto rescued Paddlers get creative for Float Your Fanny Down the Ganny Samsung unveils new phones, camera Fire at former Ont. biker clubhouse Check out Canada's most expensive homes Donald Trump greets White House tourists Mansion or fixer-upper? Here's what $1 million can buy you Tragedies give survivor a new face Trump, Trudeau meet at White House Images of Ivanka Trump 'Bionic cat' in Bulgaria Previous Next More Photos Ads VIDEOS Most popular Latest stories CanadaVet punched his own dog, trial told WorldPlaymate ridiculed for 'disrespectful' naked mountain shot CanadaToronto teacher who put her legs behind her head, talked about sex life guilty of misconduct WorldTwo Chicago cops shot in South Side drive-by CrimeNaked woman shocks passengers during casual stroll through Atlanta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport: VIDEO WorldAustralian mom won't stand trial for murdering 8 children CanadaAccused crowbar road rage attacker's former friends fear for safety CanadaCalgary cops investigating attempted luring of young girl CanadaMusic teacher charged with soliciting sexual favours from underaged girls CanadaOttawa murder task force busts alleged fentanyl ring Ads Weather Montréal Choose your city 5 days forecast °c °c °c °c °c Burning question Are hydro rates too high where you live? Yes No They're reasonable. Submit Results Newsletter subscription Your daily dose of what's hot on Canoe.com. You'll get everything from daily features and top headlines. Sign up today ! Ads Canoe Top Headlines news Wild behaviour by U.S. company on Iraqi base showbiz Did Drake knock up former porn star? news Girl, 4, forced to scrub her own pee at school showbiz B.C. sandwich shop offered Liam Neeson free food Canoe SunMedia is a member of Horoscopes Driving Classifieds Your Life Moments Your Life Moments Blogs.com flyer city News Showbiz Sports Money Lifestyle Travel Tech Games Health Videos Classifieds Life Moments Flyercity Partners Comics Crosswords Horoscopes Movie Listings Lottos Scores TV Listings Weather Follow Us Google Plus Facebook RSS Canoe Showbiz Sports Tech Travel Money Canoe Mobile Canoe.com is available on iPhone, iPad and Android About Canoe Sitemap Privacy Policy Find Help Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Spokane Somebody needs you Wed., May 3, 2017, noon For The Spokesman-Review Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS The goal of Somebody Needs You is to match donors with the specific requests of needy Spokane residents. The list of requests is coordinated by the Volunteers of America in cooperation with recognized social service agencies in Spokane. If you have an item to donate, contact the social service agency directly. Donors who can deliver items are especially appreciated. If someone you know needs help, contact a local social service agency provider. Six-year-old girl of a family needs supplies for her school field trip: a sleeping bag, water-proof duffle bag, cream bug repellant, gluten-free cream sunscreen and size 3 girls water shoes and rubber boots. Contact Meredith Anderson of Frontier Behavioral Health at (509) 838-4128. Disabled man in his late 60s needs gift cards from Walmart to purchase weather-friendly shoes, T-shirts and socks. Contact Simona Gellner at Frontier Behavioral Health at (509) 838-4128. Two seniors need a small or medium size wire kennel for companion dog, laptop computer, lift chair, hospital bed mattress and size 4x bathrobe. Contact Mary of Elder Services at (509) 458-7450. Young family with four children who were recently homeless and are now starting over need a high chair, playpen, laundry soap, cleaning supplies, toilet paper, body wash and shampoo and conditioner. Contact Zelia Elam of Parent Child Assistance Program at (509) 981-6519. Young family with special needs infant that is overcoming homelessness needs housewares, linens and furniture items for new apartment. Contact Zelia Elam of Parent Child Assistance Program at (509) 981-6519. Single mother with two children (6 months and 3 years old) needs large kitchen utensils, new microwave, nursing pillow, baby bouncer, books, baby bath toys, baby spoons and bibs. Contact Teressa Cons of Parent Child Assistance Program at (509) 435-7572. Published: May 3, 2017, noon  Tags: Somebody Needs You Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Shawn Vestal: McMorris Rodgers walking back on promise to protect people with preexisting conditions … Nothing about Chiefs’ Jaret Anderson-Dolan is ordinary … Shadle Park’s Justin Solt is one of few players to achieve baseball’s holy grail … Wrongful death lawsuit filed against suspect in Lake Coeur d’Alene boat crash … Coeur d’Alene baseball will send five players to same college program … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Skip to main content Home Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events Video Contact Us SUBSCRIBE Press enter to search Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events Video Contact Us Carter's Omnichannel Plan Includes Amazon Launch and Opening 240 Stores Press enter to search Carter's Omnichannel Plan Includes Amazon Launch and Opening 240 Stores By Jamie Grill-Goodman - 05/03/2017 Omnichannel children's apparel retailer Carter's expects that the largest source of the company’s growth over the next five years will come from its e-commerce business, yet the retail also has plans to open 240 more stores by 2021. Carter's expects the store openings will contribute about $250 million to its growth plan. Consolidated net sales grew 1% over last year driven by strong growth in the retailer's e-commerce businesses and the contribution from Skip Hop, which Carter's acquired this past February for approximately $140 million in cash. Its U.S. retail segment grew 3% in the first quarter of 2017 driven by particularly good performance in its e-commerce business. Sales in the stores component of U.S. retail declined year-over-year. International e-commerce performed well in the first quarter growing nearly 30%, with Canada driving most of this growth comping up around 40%. China posted solid e-commerce growth as well. "We expect that largest source of our company’s growth over the next five years will come from our e-commerce business," said Chairman and CEO Michael Casey. "According to third-party research, our e-commerce business was the second largest contributor to the growth in online sales of young children’s apparel in the United States last year, second only to Amazon." Casey also commented on why Carter's plans to open stores when other retailers closing so many. "We continue to believe that our stores are an important part of our brand experience for families with young children. Our latest consumer data suggest that in the past 12 months 86% of our active customers shop in our stores. And our multi-channel customer, those who shop in our stores and online is the fastest growing segment of our customer base with annual spending significantly higher than the single channel customer." Carter's said substantially all of its stores are cash flow positive and it closes around a dozen stores a year. While the company doesn't see that changing, short 3.5-year leases on average affords the retailer the flexibility to close more stores if needed. Exclusive Amazon Launch Carter's announced the launch of its new brand Simple Joys of Carter's designed exclusively for Amazon. With this launch, the company now has four brands selling on Amazon. Carter's also plans in the near-term to add Skip Hop to carters.com and be completed by later this year. "With the contribution of Skip Hop and Simple Joys together with our other growth initiatives, we believe we're on track to have another good year of sales and earnings growth," said Casey. Carter's has been working with Amazon on the Simple Joys launch over the past year, modeling the new business after the successful launches of its exclusive brands developed for Target and Walmart. The new line features multiple piece bundles in preemie to 5T sizes. "I would say it’s the first brand we’ve done that’s 100% focused on the digital experience for digitally savvy millennials and a more affluent Prime customer," said Casey. "Its multiple piece bundles and the Prime members obviously have free shipping as the benefit. So it is purposely built for multiple units." "We worked hard with Amazon by testing Carter's bundles in the last quarter of last year we learned a quite a bit. And we’ve been selling it for about three weeks, the marketing is yet to hit, but we’re off to a good start, and we’re excited about the potential." The relationship with Amazon started because Amazon wanted a better experience for their consumers. The e-commerce giant had a lot of one-off pieces and duplicate product on the site for the Carter’s brand. "They wanted a better experience and from our discussions we decided to have unique bundling of product making it easier for the consumer to put some good looking outfits together. I think it’s going to be a better experience for the consumer, better performance for Amazon and we expect it to be a better performance for us." SHARE YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Omnichannel Carter's Sees Highest Online Growth in Nine Quarters Omnichannel Influentials: Top 10 Movers and Shakers in Retail Customer Service Carter's Omnichannel Loyalty Program Off and Running Assortment Planning Carter's Latest Tech Investments Are Focused on Fulfillment Digital Commerce The 10 Biggest E-Commerce Retailers RELATED TOPICS Digital Commerce E-Commerce Omnichannel RIS Deep Dive: Unified Commerce Customer Experience Supply Chain Management Footer Social LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook Footer Contact Us Editorial Board Media Kit Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions © 2017 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
