msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Walmart is in advanced talks to acquire online men's retailer Bonobos Recode Jason Del Rey 7 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Apple gets permit to test autonomous vehicles in Calif. Delta increases payouts for overbooked passengers © Provided by Vox Media, Inc. Chicago Bulls star Jimmy Butler and Bonobos CEO Andy Dunn at the Bonobos Michigan Avenue Launch Party. (Daniel Boczarski/Getty Images for Bonobos) It would be the fourth acquisition in seven months for Walmart e-commerce CEO Marc Lore. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 73.15 -0.29 -0.39% Nordstrom Inc JWN ▲ 46.57 +0.14 +0.30% Walmart’s acquisition streak under new e-commerce chief Marc Lore continues. The world’s largest brick-and-mortar retailer is in advanced discussions to acquire Bonobos, a 10-year-old men’s fashion retailer based in New York City. Sources say the two sides have agreed on a price — which couldn’t immediately be learned — and that the deal is in its final due diligence stages. The deal would mark at least the fourth e-commerce acquisition by Walmart digital chief Marc Lore since Walmart acquired his company Jet.com seven months ago. Those include women’s online retailer ModCloth, outdoor gear seller MooseJaw and online shoe site ShoeBuy. Lore also bought online furniture retailer Hayneedle while Jet.com was still independent. The largest of the Walmart deals under Lore was $70 million, but sources say Bonobos will go for more than that. The company has between $100 million and $150 million in annual revenue and is in better financial shape than ModCloth, which sold for less than 1x revenue. For a retail business like this, it wouldn’t be unusual to fetch between 1x and 2x revenue. Bonobos was valued at $300 million, according to PitchBook, when it raised $55 million in 2014. Bonobos was founded in 2007 by CEO Andy Dunn and Brian Spaly as an e-commerce shop selling dress pants designed to fit athletic men. Since then, the company has expanded into dress shirts, suits and outerwear, and started to sell through Nordstrom, which is an investor, in addition to its own website. Dress shirts start at around $98 and suits at $550. Over the last few years, Bonobos has also opened more than 30 brick-and-mortar showrooms, called Guideshops, where customers can get fitted and place orders to be delivered to their home. It has raised more than $125 million from investors like Forerunner Ventures, Lightspeed and Mousse Partners in part to fuel this expansion, and had been in discussions over the last few months to raise more. But it had been challenging for Bonobos to find new investment terms that made sense for all parties because it had already raised a lot of money for a retail company of its size. On the surface, the Walmart and Bonobos brands make little sense together. But Lore has been trying to buy digital-native companies with strong brands that appeal to a different demographic than Walmart does, and ones that have the potential to be healthy standalone businesses with Walmart’s backing. “We’re behind,” he said at Recode’s Code Commerce event in March. “We need to catch up.” The deals have also been intended to bring new digital leadership into Walmart — the CEOs of the acquired companies have been staying in place — and to increase the selection of goods on Jet.com, with bonus points for branded goods that can’t be found on other sites, like Amazon. More from recode.net: Jon Stewart came back on TV last night, and it was great Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News Sports Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Site Archive Montara Road paving pushed back until Barstow Wal-Mart project completed Friday Apr 14, 2017 at 4:47 PM Apr 14, 2017 at 4:47 PM By Paola Baker Staff Writer BARSTOW — The Super Wal-Mart project remains on track, according to an update presented at a recent Planning Commission meeting, with the second phase of construction starting soon. City consulting engineer Brad Merrell presented an update on the project during last Monday’s Planning Commission meeting as part of a traffic and safety update. Construction began ramping up last week when crews began work on curbs and gutters in the area. Paving on East Main Street is expected to start next week. “Hopefully — keeping my fingers crossed — East Main Street will be all done soon,” Merrell said. “The traffic signal is still being worked on and is wrapping up; it should be done within two to three weeks. Keep your eyes peeled.” However, Merrell wanted to offer a “public service announcement” regarding the paving of Montara Road, which won’t be done until after construction is completed. This was due to the amount of work that has to be done to get the store’s new parking lot to the same lower level as the current one. “There’s three sequences to the Wal-Mart project and right now we’re entering sequence two, where the old Wal-Mart building will be demolished,” Merrell said. “Once the store is done, we have 80,000 tons of dirt to move.” Merrell said construction crews plan on hauling the dirt for “three weeks solid” to expedite the project. Because of the faster pace, there will be many large trucks in the roadway near Wal-Mart, prompting project managers to decide to hold off on paving Montara Road until the project is fully completed. “We’ll have the grand opening for Super Wal-Mart, but we won’t have a brand-new road. Montara Road will have a new traffic signal, some striping and signs but you’ll still be driving on old beat-up asphalt,” Merrell said. Upon the project’s completion, Merrell said the paving on Montara Road “should be very quick,” and believed it would be done within a week after the store’s grand opening, which is expected to happen mid-summer. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Report a problem Online Services RSS Feeds Newsletters/Alerts Archives Article archive Advertising Info Advertise with us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. DesertDispatch.com ~ Coolwater Lane, Barstow, CA, 97501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime Photo Galleries Nation & World Shareable Databases Obituaries Sports Auto Racing Opinion Business Customer Service Self Service: E-paper Self-Service: Home delivery Subscribe E-Paper Help Request a Temporary Stop RSS Feeds More Photos Videos Calendar Place an Ad Route 66 Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Real Estate Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Which name prevails in this showdown of leading retail stocks? Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Apr 14, 2017 at 6:40PM The showdown between Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) is a veritable clash of retail titans. A perennial leader among the Fortune 500, Wal-Mart consistently generates the most revenue on planet Earth -- among publicly traded companies, at least. In fact, Wal-Mart's $482 billion in sales last year more than doubles the second-largest corporate giant on the list, ExxonMobil. However, Amazon has combined Wal-Mart's appetite for low prices with its uniquely innovative ability to become the retail giant for the digital age. So, which is the better stock to own today: Amazon or Wal-Mart? In this article, both Amazon and Wal-Mart will go through a three-part analysis to get a better sense of which appears to be the better buy today. Financial fortitude Each with large finance departments, investors can safely assume that Amazon's and Wal-Mart's current capital structures are in place for a reason. To frame this discussions, here's a cursory snapshot into several of the most important liquidity and solvency metrics for each company. Company Cash & Investments Debt Cash From Operations Current Ratio Amazon $25.9 billion $7.7 billion $16.4 billion 1.0 Wal-Mart $6.8 billion $43.7 billion  $31.5 billion 0.8 Data sources: Amazon.com and Wal-Mart investor relations, Yahoo! Finance. Figures from Amazon's and Wal-Mart's FY 2016 10-K. Cash from Ops reflects the last 12 months reported. Amazon's $18.2 billion positive net-cash balance clearly jumps out as markedly better than Wal-Mart's negative $36.9 billion in net debt. However, this isn't nearly as glaring an impediment as it might first appear thanks to Wal-Mart's gargantuan operating cash flow, which is roughly twice that of Amazon's. This narrows the difference between the two companies in my eyes, and the difference between their current ratio is negligible enough to not really factor into the discussion. More importantly, both companies are well managed enough to the point they should be able to meet any and all financial obligations while also tapping credit markets to finance any interesting opportunities. That being said, Amazon's slightly more conservative financial structure earns it a win in this analysis of financial strength. Winner: Amazon (slightly) Durable competitive advantages Though of course important differences exist between the two, Wal-Mart and Amazon are more similar to one another than they are different today. Wal-Mart is the world's largest retailer -- total sales topped $481 billion last year -- and its entire business revolves around selling all manner of goods to consumers worldwide. Amazon's business mix is only slightly more eclectic. Its AWS reporting segment accounted for about $12.2 billion (9%) of overall sales. The remaining $123 billion (91%) of Amazon's total sales largely reflect its e-commerce operations, although sales of quasi-retail services like its Prime free shipping and online streaming platform are included in that number. The core difference between the two is the method of distribution. Wal-Mart is largely reliant on its brick-and-mortar network of over 11,695 stores, whereas Amazon's sales occur entirely online. Of the two, Amazon is far better aligned with the long-term trends taking place within the retail sector, and Wal-Mart finds itself moving as quickly as possible to catch up with Amazon in this regard. Image source: Getty Images. Wal-Mart remains far behind Amazon, though, in developing its e-commerce capabilities. Case in point: Amazon captured 38% of U.S. e-commerce sales during the 2016 holiday season, compared to just 2.6% for Wal-Mart, according to researcher Slice Intelligence. Wal-Mart has intensified its efforts to narrow the gap with Amazon, mostly notably through its acquisition of e-commerce start-up Jet.com last year. The steep $3.3 billion price was largely seen as an "acqu-hire" of Jet's CEO Marc Lore, one of the few to successfully compete head-to-head against Amazon with diapers.com, which Amazon eventually acquired in 2011 after trying to kill the company in a bare-knuckled price war. All of this is to say that Amazon is currently beating Wal-Mart in the all-important e-commerce space. However, Wal-Mart has finally gotten serious and paid-up for the talent required to bring its own sales model into the 21st century. Given Wal-Mart's unmatched leverage with suppliers, the most likely outcome of the e-commerce arms race is that Amazon and Wal-Mart will end this generational growth story roughly as equals. Winner: Tie Valuation Turning to their valuations, the multiples perfectly capture the difference in investor sentiment between Amazon and Wal-Mart. Here's a quick snapshot of three of the most commonly used valuation metrics for Amazon and Wal-Mart. Company P/E Forward P/E EV/EBITDA Amazon 182.6 71.7 36.2 Wal-Mart 16.6 16.0 7.8 Data sources: Amazon.com and Wal-Mart investor relations, Yahoo! Finance.  Clearly, Amazon is likely to grow far faster than Wal-Mart in the coming years. However, with Wal-Mart's recent moves to narrow the talent gap between itself and Amazon -- the precursor to narrowing the actual business gap -- Wal-Mart's shares look far more compelling from a purely dollars-and-cents perspective. This one is pretty straightforward, although I like both companies' shares, for the record. Winner: Wal-Mart And the winner is...Amazon by a nose All of this is to say that both Wal-Mart and Amazon are dominant, world-class companies. By way of metaphor, Amazon is the barbarian at the gate, storming the gates of an industry that Wal-Mart has dominated without equal for years. And even though Wal-Mart has finally gotten serious about e-commerce as well, Amazon's incredible ability to develop unique solutions to capture an ever greater share of the e-commerce world gives it a slight edge over Wal-Mart. Different stocks for companies at different stages of their corporate lifecycles, I like Amazon shares a bit more in this showdown of e-commerce titans. Andrew Tonner has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info Apr 14, 2017 at 6:40PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $73.15 down $0.29 (-0.39%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $884.40 down $-11.83 (-1.32%) Read More Amazon Can't Hide It…It's Betting Big on Alexa 2 Stocks You Can Buy and Hold Forever How Much Money Would I Have If I Had Invested at Amazon.com's IPO? Who Will Win This $119 Billion E-Commerce War? Amazon Is About to End the Competition's Only Advantage Over Alexa Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Walmart discounts: Retailer offering savings on in-store pickups of web orders walmart pickup.jpg (Courtesy/Walmart) Print Email Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com By Lucy Berry | lberry@al.com AL.com Follow on Twitter on April 14, 2017 at 5:35 PM, updated April 14, 2017 at 5:37 PM comments Walmart is stepping into a new territory this month to attract more online shoppers. Marc Lore, president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, announced in a letter this week the retailer will begin offering a discount on eligible online-only products when customers purchase the items online and ship to any Walmart location for pickup. The "Pickup Discount" will cover about 10,000 items and go into effect April 19. The company expects to offer the discount on more than 1 million products at Walmart by late June. "We're creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what's best for them," Lore said. "Now, they can either pick up and save even more money, or ship two-day for free to home, without paying for a membership." Here are a few examples of items that qualify for "Pickup Discount." Britax B-SAFE 35 Infant Car Seat, Slate Strie – $148.05 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $7.40 ($140.65 new price) LEGO City Great Vehicles Ferry, 60119 – $23.99 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $2.55 ($21.44 new price) Coleman 150 qt Heritage XP Marine Cooler – $111.49 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $4.46 ($107.03 new price) VIZIO SmartCast M-Series 70" Class 4K Ultra HDTV (M70-D3) – $1,698 will have an additional Pickup Discount of $50 ($1,648 new price) The effort is inspired by Smart Cart by Jet.com, an e-commerce site acquired by Walmart last year. "We can remove the last mile delivery costs (that represent the lion's share of the costs to ship products to customers' homes) when we leverage our fleet of more than 6,700 trucks to deliver products directly from fulfillment centers to our 4,700 stores," Lore said. "This means, quite simply, it costs less for us to ship to stores. So, our customers should share in those savings." Click here to read the full letter by Lore. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Submitted updated: 4/14/2017 4:52 PM Streamwood celebrates Wal-Mart Supercenter Remodel Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close Streamwood Village President Billie Roth, center, joins village and Wal-Mart officials to cut the ribbon on the remodeled Wal-Mart Supercenter. Courtesy of Serafin & Associates Inc.   Wal-Mart Officials from the Village of Streamwood and Wal-Mart celebrated the recent investment made by the company in the store on S. Barrington Road at a ribbon-cutting ceremony this morning. The Streamwood Wal-Mart has undergone a remodel designed to improve the customer shopping experience. In addition to redesigned electronics, cosmetics, produce, bakery, jewelry, apparel and intimates departments, updates at the store include: • Added self-checkout lanes that make it quicker for customers to scan and pay for their items; • New layout, design and expanded product selection in the sporting goods and hardware departments; • Updated signs that make it easier to locate departments across the store; • Upgraded apparel department with new selections in men's/boy's; • Additional grab-and-go food options, including a fresh bread table in bakery, as well as pizza and chicken warmer cases near checkout. Village President Billie Roth joined by Village Manager Sharon Caddigan, Police Chief Ed Valente and Wal-Mart officials to celebrate the store improvements and Walmart's long-term commitment to the Streamwood community. "Wal-Mart has been an exceptional community partner with the Village of Streamwood since its opening in 1990," said Village President Roth. "The Village has appreciated their support for our community events and programming. Since 1990, Wal-Mart has provided over $60,000 in support of our DARE program, Summer Celebration, Helping Hands, and most recently our Career Exploration Programs. Their participation and support have made these programs possible. We greatly appreciate their cooperation and assistance, and are excited about their reinvestment into the community with this new reopening." From its membership in the Streamwood Chamber of Commerce to its leadership in the Career Exploration Program, Wal-Mart has been a part of the Streamwood community for more than 25 years. "Community involvement is critical to who we are at Wal-Mart," said Store Manager Cyndi Kolich, who started her career with Wal-Mart as a cashier at the Streamwood store in 1990 before being promoted four times. "By playing an active role in our communities, we can make a real difference in helping people live better." Wal-Mart reaffirmed this commitment to the community by donating over $6,000 in grants to local organizations, including $500 to Helping Someone Smile, $1,500 to the Village of Streamwood, and $2,000 each to the Trinity Charities Food Pantry and Streamwood Summer Celebration. The Streamwood store employs approximately 300 associates. Based on the store's performance in the fourth quarter of 2016, Wal-Mart announced in March that over 99 percent of eligible associates at the store received cash bonuses totaling more than $37,000. Over the past two years, Wal-Mart has invested billions of dollars in training, education and higher wages. These investments offer associates skills, knowledge and tools to help them grow with the company and provide great customer service during a time of rapid change in shopping habits. Wal-Mart announced earlier this week that, starting on April 19, the company is going to begin offering a discount on eligible, online-only (non-store) items that customers buy online and ship to any Wal-Mart store for pickup. This pickup discount, which is available at the Streamwood store, creates price transparency, empowering customers to shop smarter and choose whether they want to pick up their products and save even more money or ship two-day for free to home. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Elgin Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: Business Elgin Streamwood Submitted Content News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Easter egg hunts and other events in the Lehigh Valley area Shop O Matic Tips to save you more Entertainment Food & Dining Shop O Matic Doreen's Deals: Wal-Mart to offer pickup discount on online orders Wal-Mart is offering a pickup discount with online orders starting April 19. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Wal-Mart is offering a new way to save in stores starting April 19. Wal-Mart is offering a new way to save in stores starting April 19. The world's largest retailer will begin giving a pickup discount on more than 10,000 items ordered on Walmart.com and shipped to stores, the company announced. Wal-Mart says it plans to expand the discounts, which vary from a few dollars on toys to $50 on HDTVs, to more than a million items by June. The company can offer the discount by saving on shipping costs. The new program joins Wal-Mart’s convenient free online grocery pickup service, which the company says it plans on expanding to 600 more stores this year. 2017 Tax Day freebies and dining deals on Tuesday Doreen Christensen Nothing is certain but death, taxes and freebies on Tax Day, which is on Tuesday, April 18. Your taxes may be complicated, but getting free stuff is EZ with my Tax Day roundup. Here's to many happy returns! AARP: Free tax prep for seniors from Tax-Aide.Bob Evans: Coupon for 30 percent off entire... Nothing is certain but death, taxes and freebies on Tax Day, which is on Tuesday, April 18. Your taxes may be complicated, but getting free stuff is EZ with my Tax Day roundup. Here's to many happy returns! AARP: Free tax prep for seniors from Tax-Aide.Bob Evans: Coupon for 30 percent off entire... (Doreen Christensen) "Wal-Mart is creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them. Now, they can either pick up and save even more money, or ship two-day for free to home, without paying for a membership," Marc Lore, president and CEO of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, wrote in a blog post. The membership fee reference underscores that Amazon charges $99 a year to get free two-day shipping on items. Examples of savings include a $7.40 discount on a $149 Britax infant car seat, $2.55 off a $23.99 LEGO City Great Vehicles Ferry toy and $4.46 in savings on a $111 Coleman marine cooler. Wal-Mart offers free two-day shipping on 2 million items Doreen Christensen Wal-Mart is offering free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items with no membership fee required, according to a new release. The world’s largest retailer again is taking aim at Amazon by offering free shipping with a $35 purchase of food and household items, electronics, toys, baby, pet... Wal-Mart is offering free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items with no membership fee required, according to a new release. The world’s largest retailer again is taking aim at Amazon by offering free shipping with a $35 purchase of food and household items, electronics, toys, baby, pet... (Doreen Christensen) The new discount is an incentive for savings-minded online shoppers to visit stores, which gives the Bentonville, Ark., retailer an advantage over Amazon.com, its largest competitor. Wal-Mart has nearly 5,000 stores where more than 140 million people shop each week. Amazon doesn't. Love it or hate it, Wal-Mart usually has the cheapest prices. It has been bulking up its e-commerce arsenal, hoovering up online retailers that have millennial appeal and share its low-price ethos. In September the retailer acquired Jet.com, founded by Lore, for $3 billion, along with vintage-inspired clothier ModCloth.com, ShoeBuy.com and MooseJaw.com, which sells outdoor goods. On the flip side, Amazon, the No. 1 online retailer, is testing brick-and-mortar concepts. Doreen's Deals: As Macy's, JCP, Sears struggle, Amazon thrives with Fresh services Doreen Christensen At some point, Amazon may be the only retailer left in America. As stores such as HHGregg, The Limited, Macy's, Sears, JC Penney, Staples and others continue to close and struggle to survive, Amazon thrives. On Wednesday, the Seattle-based retailer introduced AmazonFresh, which is now bringing... At some point, Amazon may be the only retailer left in America. As stores such as HHGregg, The Limited, Macy's, Sears, JC Penney, Staples and others continue to close and struggle to survive, Amazon thrives. On Wednesday, the Seattle-based retailer introduced AmazonFresh, which is now bringing... (Doreen Christensen) Watching the two companies duke it out for dominance highlights how the internet and mobile technology has changed consumer shopping habits. Wal-Mart, whose sales and profits have been down, has recognized an important lesson about retailing in the internet age: Integrate and streamline the online and in-store shopping experience or die. This schlepp-and-save approach offers customers another reason to shop at Wal-Mart. Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Amazon.com Inc. Free $5 Starbucks bonus using Apple Pay Claim your Tax Day freebies and dining deals on Tuesday Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 50°
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Doreen's Deals: Wal-Mart to offer pickup discount on online orders Wal-Mart is offering a pickup discount with online orders starting April 19. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Wal-Mart is offering a new way to save in stores starting April 19. Privacy Policy Wal-Mart is offering a new way to save in stores starting April 19. The world's largest retailer will begin giving a pickup discount on more than 10,000 items ordered on Walmart.com and shipped to stores, the company announced. Wal-Mart says it plans to expand the discounts, which vary from a few dollars on toys to $50 on HDTVs, to more than a million items by June. The company can offer the discount by saving on shipping costs. The new program joins Wal-Mart’s convenient free online grocery pickup service, which the company says it plans on expanding to 600 more stores this year. 2017 Tax Day freebies and dining deals on Tuesday Doreen Christensen Nothing is certain but death, taxes and freebies on Tax Day, which is on Tuesday, April 18. Your taxes may be complicated, but getting free stuff is EZ with my Tax Day roundup. Here's to many happy returns! AARP: Free tax prep for seniors from Tax-Aide.Bob Evans: Coupon for 30 percent off entire... Nothing is certain but death, taxes and freebies on Tax Day, which is on Tuesday, April 18. Your taxes may be complicated, but getting free stuff is EZ with my Tax Day roundup. Here's to many happy returns! AARP: Free tax prep for seniors from Tax-Aide.Bob Evans: Coupon for 30 percent off entire... (Doreen Christensen) "Wal-Mart is creating price transparency to empower customers to shop smarter and choose what’s best for them. Now, they can either pick up and save even more money, or ship two-day for free to home, without paying for a membership," Marc Lore, president and CEO of Wal-Mart’s U.S. e-commerce operations, wrote in a blog post. The membership fee reference underscores that Amazon charges $99 a year to get free two-day shipping on items. Examples of savings include a $7.40 discount on a $149 Britax infant car seat, $2.55 off a $23.99 LEGO City Great Vehicles Ferry toy and $4.46 in savings on a $111 Coleman marine cooler. Wal-Mart offers free two-day shipping on 2 million items Doreen Christensen Wal-Mart is offering free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items with no membership fee required, according to a new release. The world’s largest retailer again is taking aim at Amazon by offering free shipping with a $35 purchase of food and household items, electronics, toys, baby, pet... Wal-Mart is offering free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items with no membership fee required, according to a new release. The world’s largest retailer again is taking aim at Amazon by offering free shipping with a $35 purchase of food and household items, electronics, toys, baby, pet... (Doreen Christensen) The new discount is an incentive for savings-minded online shoppers to visit stores, which gives the Bentonville, Ark., retailer an advantage over Amazon.com, its largest competitor. Wal-Mart has nearly 5,000 stores where more than 140 million people shop each week. Amazon doesn't. Love it or hate it, Wal-Mart usually has the cheapest prices. It has been bulking up its e-commerce arsenal, hoovering up online retailers that have millennial appeal and share its low-price ethos. In September the retailer acquired Jet.com, founded by Lore, for $3 billion, along with vintage-inspired clothier ModCloth.com, ShoeBuy.com and MooseJaw.com, which sells outdoor goods. On the flip side, Amazon, the No. 1 online retailer, is testing brick-and-mortar concepts. Doreen's Deals: As Macy's, JCP, Sears struggle, Amazon thrives with Fresh services Doreen Christensen At some point, Amazon may be the only retailer left in America. As stores such as HHGregg, The Limited, Macy's, Sears, JC Penney, Staples and others continue to close and struggle to survive, Amazon thrives. On Wednesday, the Seattle-based retailer introduced AmazonFresh, which is now bringing... At some point, Amazon may be the only retailer left in America. As stores such as HHGregg, The Limited, Macy's, Sears, JC Penney, Staples and others continue to close and struggle to survive, Amazon thrives. On Wednesday, the Seattle-based retailer introduced AmazonFresh, which is now bringing... (Doreen Christensen) Watching the two companies duke it out for dominance highlights how the internet and mobile technology has changed consumer shopping habits. Wal-Mart, whose sales and profits have been down, has recognized an important lesson about retailing in the internet age: Integrate and streamline the online and in-store shopping experience or die. This schlepp-and-save approach offers customers another reason to shop at Wal-Mart. Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Amazon.com Inc. Free $5 Starbucks bonus using Apple Pay Claim your Tax Day freebies and dining deals on Tuesday All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 74°
E-BUSINESS | TECHNOLOGY | CRM | LINUX | ECTNEWS.COM Welcome Guest | Sign In E-Commerce Business Boardroom Deals Service Providers Tech Law Wall Street E-Commerce Analytics Entertainment Marketing Online Advertising Piracy Search Enterprise IT Applications Cloud Computing Government Infrastructure Mobile BYOD Carriers M-Commerce Mobile Advertising Security Consumer Security Cybercrime Enterprise Security Privacy SMB Social Media Social Media Marketing Social Networks Trends Expert Advice Hot Topics Opinions Trailblazers  Reader Services  Account Management Discussion News Alerts Newsletters Reader Surveys RSS / Headline Feeds Search ECT News Network ECT News Network Map CRM Buyer Site Map E-Commerce Times Site Map LinuxInsider Site Map TechNewsWorld Site Map April 15, 2017 12:00:35 AM PDT E-Commerce Times > E-Commerce | Next Article in E-Commerce ANALYST CORNER Will Amazon Go Reinvent Retail? Print Email By Jeff Kagan Apr 14, 2017 10:00 AM PT Every time I walk into a retail store, I complain. I grumble to my wife about the same pet peeve every time we go shopping. After walking the aisles and filling the basket, you then must go through the most inefficient checkout process. First you unload everything in your basket, then it's rung up, then you put the items in bags that go back into your basket before you can walk out of the store. There must be a better way. Amazon Go suggests there is. Shouldn't it be easy in today's world, with today's technology, to cut through the mess and reinvent this process? Yes -- and that's what Amazon wants to do with its new retail stores. It wants to reinvent retail the way it reinvented other industries. Today, Amazon has a few retail bookstores, and it intends to break into other retail sectors. Due to some hiccups, the rollout of the Amazon Go stores seems to be on hold -- but the need is real, and I expect Amazon to figure out the problems and open them sooner rather than later. Startup Issues What if you could walk the aisles of a store and put the items you want to purchase in the bags in your basket, and then when you are done, simply walk out the door to your car? Your smartphone app would let you get charged for your purchases automatically. Your items would be scanned as you collected them. The whole process would be easy. That's the thought, anyway. It seems this should be easy to accomplish with today's technologies, but apparently it's not. Amazon is having some trouble at this early stage. When its stores are ready for prime time, it will be interesting to see whether they can enter the retail arena and transform it the same way it transformed online commerce. Skipping the Checkout Line Sam's Club has its own app. The first time I tried it, I got miserable results. I tried to scan a package of batteries and walk out, bypassing the cashier. I couldn't do it. It kept trying to get me to place the order as if I were at home and schedule when to pick the item up later in the day. Since I was standing in Sam's Club, that obviously made no sense. Confused, I walked up to the customer service counter and asked for help. All I wanted was for someone to explain what I was doing wrong. The staff tried and couldn't figure it out either. I asked several different Sam's Club workers and got the same response -- a blank stare. I tried again a few days later, and it was a success. The problem with the first attempt was that I was using the wrong app. Apparently, I had installed two Sam's Club apps, and when I used the search command, it chose the wrong one. So, technology can make or break a company's image in the mind of the customer. Walmart's Problem and Solution Walmart is hurting itself by allowing other companies to sell on its Walmart.com website, but not telling its customers that different rules for returns or exchanges might apply. This mistake costs some customers' money and sours their experience, reducing the Walmart brand value in their eyes. Walmart's problem is not the consequence of a deliberate strategy. The company didn't try to take me for a ride, even though that's what happened. I believe it wanted its additional service to work well. However, when a company tries something new and it goes wrong, it's important to reach out to the customer. Apologize. Make amends. Save the brand's value. I have heard nothing from Walmart, however, and that's the real Walmart problem. No matter its size, a retailer must be very careful not to damage its own brand when expanding into new areas the way Walmart has been doing. Walmart has been shooting itself in the foot. If I ever step on someone's toe, I automatically say, "sorry." Walmart should do the same. It hasn't, and that attitude will hurt its brand value in the long term. All that said, we are seeing a number of players in the retail sector trying to break the mold and come up with a new model. Amazon Go is not the only innovative effort. There are quite a few retailers playing in this space to one extent or another. I like the idea of finding new ways to pay with the smartphone. Tread Carefully I like paying with an app and then walking out of a QT or Racetrack gas station. However, there are differences between their approaches With QT, customers can purchase something without touching the germ-filled keypad. With Racetrack, customers still need to punch buttons on a dirty screen. That's one important reason customers pass Racetrack and go to QT. Little things like this can build or tear down brand value in a customer's mind. That's why I believe all retailers will move to the best, fastest, cleanest and easiest solutions for the customer. Over time, retailers will learn. All of today's problems will be fixed -- but we are still in the early days. I expect to see this new way of retailing become the norm, when the companies involved finally figure it out. Amazon is the king of good customer care. It does things right. It goes above and beyond. It exceeds customer expectations most of the time. This is key to growth and success in the long and short term. Walmart and Racetrack should pay more attention to and learn from Amazon, don't you think? Amazon has reinvented industry after industry, starting with the book store business and expanding to everything else. Not all of its initiatives have been a success -- remember the Fire Phone disaster? Still, Amazon does have a good track record -- and success to Amazon means upending and reinventing industry after industry. Jeff Kagan has been an ECT News Network columnist since 2010. His focus is on the wireless and telecom industries. He is an independent analyst, consultant and speaker. Email Jeff. Get Permission to License or Reproduce this Article Print Email Reprints More by Jeff Kagan Reader Comments Be the first to comment! Related Stories Amazon Strikes Contact Center Market Mar 28, 2017 Analytics and Workflow Mar 15, 2017 More in E-Commerce Burger King Ad Creates Whopper of a Mess for Google Home CloudCraze EVP Andrew Witherspoon: For Successful B2B, Set Aside Expectations Spam Czar Nabbed in Spain May Have Link to Election Tampering Why VR Is Failing Twitch Aims to Get Ahead of Steam What Is Verizon Promising With Its New Oath? Free Newsletters from ECT News Network Don't Miss a Story. Get the Latest Headlines Delivered to Your Inbox. Tech News Flash Daily - View Sample E-Commerce Minute Daily - View Sample ECT News Network Weekly Newsletter - View Sample Editor's Pick - View Sample View All More by Jeff Kagan A Solution for the Uber CEO's Anger Problem Verizon Wakes Up to Join Mobile TV Race Time to Get Serious About IoT Cybersecurity Trump's Not the Only One With a Phone Security Problem Wireless, Telecom and Pay TV: The Future Is Coming Into Focus Why Companies Botch Customer Care Most Popular Newsletters News Alerts How big a problem is fake news for you personally? Huge -- because so many others believe it even if I don't. It's a big problem for me -- I know I've been duped by it. It's unsettling -- I don't know what to believe any more. Not a problem -- I get my news from trusted sources only. I can spot it a mile away, so it doesn't affect me. I don't pay much attention to the news -- fake or otherwise. Vote to See Results TechNewsWorld Google Spins VR Experiences on the Web Bixby Will Be Seen but Not Heard When Galaxy S8 Launches Spam Czar Nabbed in Spain May Have Link to Election Tampering Hackers Blast Emergency Sirens in Dallas Why VR Is Failing Google's Fact Check Labeling System Goes Global Gadget Ogling: Samsung Swings, Plus Live 360 Cameras and Smart Tuners Microsoft's Project Scorpio Goes to Extremes CRM Buyer CloudCraze EVP Andrew Witherspoon: For Successful B2B, Set Aside Expectations United Airlines Gives Appalling New Meaning to Customer Service Oracle's Strategery SugarCRM Adds Enterprise Management to Mobile App AI Confusion Widespread Among Consumers Reversing Net Neutrality Salesforce Offers AI-Powered CRM for Financial Advisors Translating Website Visits Into Quality Leads LinuxInsider Anbox Could Be the Android-to-Linux Tool Devs Have Been Waiting For Kingsoft Adds Cloud Support to WPS Office Shuttleworth Gives Up Hope for Convergence Breakthrough Fatdog64: More Bark Than Bite Take Command of Your Linux System's Processes Samsung's Tizen OS Riddled With Security Holes Microsoft Shutters CodePlex, Will Migrate Projects to GitHub Zephyr Linux: Zippy Performance, Zero Decor E-Commerce Times Headlines E-Commerce Times Burger King Ad Creates Whopper of a Mess for Google Home Qualcomm Answers Apple's $1B Lawsuit, Files Counterclaims Labor Official Skewers Google Over Gender Pay Discrimination Next Downturn Could Have Silver Lining for IoT Twitch Aims to Get Ahead of Steam Imagination's Picture Bleak After Apple Cuts It Loose Now World's Second-Wealthiest, Bezos Travels to Different Drumbeat A Solution for the Uber CEO's Anger Problem Inside E-Commerce Times Cloud Computing Cloud Foundry Aims to Close Cloud Skills Gap Amazon Strikes Contact Center Market IBM Launches Enterprise-Strength Blockchain as a Service Enterprise IT Red Hat Pilots New Program to Ease Digital Transformation Consumer Advocates Bemoan Senate Vote to Lift ISP Privacy Restrictions Trust: Why Financial Services Should Embrace DoL's Fiduciary Rule Exclusives EquiSeq CEO Lexi Palmer: Act Like You're Not Scared and Go at It GE Digital VP Beena Ammanath: For Most Women, STEM Is an Uphill Battle Oro CEO Yoav Kutner: Getting a Sense of Your Customer Expert Advice Creating the Right Business Culture for Success The Lego-ization of Software, or the Rise of Snap-On SaaS Are Your Sales Tools Turning A-Performers Into B-Performers? Hot Topics Advertisers Flee YouTube Over Offensive Ad Placements WikiLeaks Exposes CIA's Device Surveillance Tricks Pro-Turkey Hackers Hit Prominent Twitter Accounts Marketing Galaxy S8 vs. iPhone 8: Winning Has Little to Do With Phones Outreach CEO Manny Medina: Selling Success Dun & Bradstreet Marketing Database Exposed Mobile What Is Verizon Promising With Its New Oath? Galaxy S8, S8+ Dazzle in Samsung's Comeback Launch Competition and Regulation Threaten Sharing Economy Markets Security House Votes to Kill Privacy Rules Binding ISPs Why Are Health Records So Valuable to Cybercriminals? UK Home Secretary: Apps Shouldn't Serve as Terrorist Hiding Places SMB ProsperWorks Adds In-App Comms to its Google CRM Solution GIT CEO Adriana Gascoigne: More Women in Tech Means More Problems Solved Facebook Launches Paris Startup Garage to Promote Entrepreneurs in Europe Social Media Online Freedom of Speech May Be in Peril: Pew Too Much Communication LinkedIn Burnishes Sales Navigator for the Enterprise Spotlight Features Traversing the Social Media Minefield China's Business-Unfriendly Cybersecurity Stance Conspiracy Theories in the Information Age, Part 2 Trends Prank Responsibly: April Fools' Gags That Missed the Mark It's Mud Season Again Elon Musk Plans to Build a Human-AI Interface Publications E-Commerce Times TechNewsWorld LinuxInsider CRM Buyer Newsletters E-Commerce Minute Tech News Flash ECT News Network Weekly Editor's Pick Subscribe Reader Services Account Management Discussion Linking Policy Network Map News Alerts RSS / XML Feeds Search ECT News Network Company Info About Advertising Business Development Careers Contact Permissions Reprint Information Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | How To Advertise Copyright 1998-2017 ECT News Network, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Find Rates Calculators Home Rates Calculators   Mortgages Mortgage Rates Compare Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Mortgage News Veteran Homebuyer Central Mortgage Lender Reviews Home Equity Loans Home Equity Center Reverse Mortgage Loans Calculators The Home Hacker Refinance Refinance Rates Refinance Calculator Refinance Mortgage Auto Loan Refinance Bank Rates CD Rates Savings & Money Market Checking Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Power Up! Blog Credit Cards 0% APR Balance Transfer Travel & Airline Cash Back Rewards Business Fair Credit Bad Credit Best Credit Cards The Card Shark Blog Personal Loans Get Matched - LoanMatch™ Personal Loan Calculator Debt Consolidation Loans Home Improvement Loans Bad Credit Personal Loans Auto Auto Center Auto Loans Personal Loans Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Senior Living Retirement Calculators Investments Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Investment Calculators The Wealth Builder Blog Financial Planning Election 2016 The Cashlorette Blog Identity Protection Mastering your Money Debt Management Student Loans Tips from Jean Chatzky Calculators Certified Financial Planner Mobile Finance   advertisement Saving Money Blog Finance Blogs » Saving Money Blog » Black Friday Ads 2016: The best deals from Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target Black Friday Ads 2016: The best deals from Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target By Mitch Strohm · Bankrate.com Tuesday, November 22, 2016 Posted: 11 am ET Tweet Email Tweet Email Tom Pennington/Getty Images Black Friday is only a few days away. And several stores are offering great deals on tech, kitchen and household items. Target, Best Buy and Wal-Mart have especially attractive Black Friday ads this year. Those stores are advertising deep discounts on items including TVs, vacuums and even coffeemakers. RATE SEARCH: Get more out of your shopping with a rewards credit card. Below you'll find some standout deals that have been already been announced in Black Friday ads: Wal-Mart Wal-Mart's Black Friday deals officially begin in-store at 6 p.m. Nov. 24 (they are available all day Nov. 24 online) and continue through Nov. 25. Here are some of Wal-Mart's top Black Friday deals: $298 Phillips 55-inch Smart 4K TV $648 Samsung 60-inch Smart 4K TV $199 Apple iPad Mini 2 32GB $69 Fitbit Flex 2 $99 Nintendo 3DS $249 Xbox One S White 500GB Battlefield Bundle $9.76 Crock-Pot 5-QT. Slow Cooker $99 Actic King Chest Freezer $169 Serta Massage Recliner $196 Dyson V6 Slim Cordless Vacuum RATE SEARCH: Shop for the best credit cards from our partners. Best Buy Best Buy plans to open doors at its stores at 5 p.m. local time on Thanksgiving Day. Nearly all of them will remain open until 1 a.m. local time on Friday, Nov. 25. They'll reopen at 8 a.m. Nov 25 and close at 10 p.m. Here are some of Best Buy's top Black Friday deals: $199.99 Toshiba 49-inch 4K Ultra HD TV $39.99 Bose SoundSport In-Ear Headphones $89.99 Powerbeats Wireless Headphones $479.99 Samsung 55-inch LED 4K Ultra HD Smart TV $199.99 Samsung 4K UHD Blu-ray Player with a $10 Best Buy Gift Card $49.99 Homido V2 Virtual Reality Headset $249 (PlayStation 4 Uncharted Bundle with two free games $299.99 Dyson V6 Animal Cord-Free Stick Vacuum $124.99 Ring Smart HD Video Doorbell $199.99 KitchenAid Professional 5 Plus Series Stand Mixer Target Target is starting Black Friday with a presale on Wednesday, Nov. 23 — you can shop all day at Target.com, or you can shop in-store with Target's free savings program app, Cartwheel. Target's Black Friday deals are available all of Thanksgiving Day at Target.com and at Target stores starting at 6 p.m. The deals continue through Nov. 25 until 10 p.m., 11 p.m. or midnight, depending on the store. Here are some of Target's standout Black Friday deals: $249.99 50-inch Hisense 4K UHD TV $198 Apple Watch Series 1 $89.99 Powerbeats 2 Wireless Earphones $89.95 Fitbit Charge HR $249.99 (regularly $299.99) Xbox One S Console 500GB Battlefield 1 or Minecraft Bundle — comes with a $40 Target Gift Card $29.99 (regularly $59.99) select video games $99 (regularly $149) Anova Sous Vide Bluetooth Precision Cooker $199.99 (regularly $349.99) Hoover Quest 700 Robotic Vacuum $299.99 (regularly $499.99) Dyson V6 Animal Cordless Stick Vacuum $129.99 (regularly $259.99) Motorola Digital Video Baby Monitor Keep in mind that Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target all have different rules for Black Friday. Best Buy, for instance, hands out tickets to purchase items in its Black Friday ad. It pays to know each store's individual rules before you brave the crowds. And remember, many stores are conveniently offering Black Friday deals online, some of which are available now. RATE SEARCH: Find a low-rate credit card. Related posts: Best Target Black Friday Deals 2016 Target Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Best Buy Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Target Black Friday deals for tech Best Buy Black Friday Deals 2016 « Target Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Black Friday ads 2016: Best tech deals at Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target » Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages comments. We ask that you stay on topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, and illegal content. Please keep in mind that we reserve the right to (but are not obligated to) edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use. Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. 14 Comments Tommy April 14, 2017 at 12:36 pm What's up, I want to subscribe for this website to get most up-to-date updates, so where can i do it please help out. wholesale nba jerseys Tamika April 04, 2017 at 11:51 am Hello there! This is kind of off topic but I need some advice from an established blog. Is it very hard to set up your own blog? I'm not very techincal but I can figure things out pretty quick. I'm thinking about creating my own but I'm not sure where to begin. Do you have any tips or suggestions? Thank you wholesale NFL jerseys Valeria March 18, 2017 at 12:06 pm Everything is very open with a very clear description of the issues. It was really informative. Your website is extremely helpful. Thank you for sharing!wholesale mlb jerseys « Older Comments Add a comment (Comments may take 5-10 minutes to appear) Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-mail (required) Compare Rates» Mortgage Rates 30 year fixed 15 year fixed 5/1 ARM 7/1 ARM 30 year Jumbo 5/1 ARM (IO) 30 year FHA 30 year fixed refi 15 year fixed refi See all Mortgages High Yield CD and MMA Rates 6 month CD 1 year CD 2 year CD 3 year CD 1 year Jumbo CD 3 year jumbo CD 5 year IRA CD MMAs See all CDs See all MMAs Other Rates Home Equity Credit Cards Auto Insurance Local CDs Checking College Finance Personal Loans Credit Unions Local MMAs Latest Blogs SAVING MONEY Join our exclusive Money Masters group SAVING MONEY What's old is new again SAVING MONEY Is your Macy's, Sears or Kmart closing? SAVING MONEY It's Free Shipping Day! Here's what to know advertisement Today's Top Stories   Mortgage rates inch downward Can a creditor garnish jobless benefits? 2009 RMD rules for an IRA Co-signer payments will protect credit Health reform needs urgent treatment advertisement About this index Overnight Averages Mortgage Home Equity Auto CDs Credit Cards View rates in your area: View rates in your area: View rates in your area: Compare rates: -- select -- 6 Mo CD 1 Yr CD 5 Yr CD 1 Yr Jumbo CD MMA MMA Jumbo 3 Mo CD Compare rates: -- select -- Card type Credit type Issuers   Bankrate's FREE Content Center Mortgage Calculator Calculate your monthly mortgage payment. CD Rate Averages Compare rates daily across CD & Investment products. Refinance Stories Displays refinance-related stories and articles.   advertisement Connect with us             About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Newsletters Understanding Bankrate's rate averages © 2017 Bankrate, LLC All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website.
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     Find A Nintendo Switch In Stock On Easter Weekend Posted: Apr 14 2017, 9:03am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     New Nintendo Switch shipments keep coming in. The Nintendo Switch is in stock right now on Amazon Prime Now in Nashville, TN. Prime Now Customers in Nashville can order up to 10 Nintendo Switch consoles. At 10am ET the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is available on Prime Now for Washington, DC, limit 1 per customer. Don't Miss: The hottest Apple Rumors for 2017 Amazon offers both the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on its local delivery service on a regular basis. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch stay an around  $375 ahead of the Easter weekend. Prices keep coming down slowly despite the influx of new inventory. The reseller prices for the NES Classic exploded on the news that Nintendo is stopping production. Prices are almost reaching the reseller prices of the Switch. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam. Right now the offers appear all legit. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch Amazon scam for details. The lowest priced Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con is selling for $375 and free shipping. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con still fetches over $420 on the marketplace. Shoppers in New York have a solid option to find a Switch in stock this afternoon. On Good Friday, the Nintendo store in New York is selling the Nintendo Switch starting at 3pm ET. Supply is limited and the lines still start early. The Switch is also flagged to be in stock at over 1100 stores. See the details below on how to find a Switch in stock at your local Walmart. Find below the best options and best practices to find a Nintendo Switch in stock over the Easter weekend. We will keep updating the Nintendo Switch Shopping guide throughout the Easter weekend. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Nintendo announced that more Nintendo Switch consoles are on the way. A recent report out of Japan tries explains why Nintendo struggles to produce enough Switch consoles to satisfy the demand. Find a Switch on Amazon Prime Now The quickest way to find and buy a Nintendo Switch is through Amazon Prime Now. If you live in an Amazon Prime Now area, watching availability each day is the way to go. To use Amazon Prime Now, you need a Prime membership (free 30-day trial available). The check if the Switch console is in stock on Amazon Prime Now check the following pages: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con Amazon is not offering notifications when a product is in stock on Amazon Prime Now. The iStockNow service is providing alerts when the Nintendo Switch is in stock for an city on Amazon Prime Now here. Nintendo Switch Reseller Offers Another fast way get a Nintendo Switch is to pay a $100 premium and buy the hard to find Switch console from a reseller. Amazon is besides eBay the busiest place for Nintendo Switch offers from reseller. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch start at $400, despite the recent wave of restocking. The prices for the Switch with Neon Joy-Con are about $30 higher than for the version with gray Joy-Con. Check the following links for the current offers. Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Offers on Amazon Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con Offers on Amazon Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Offers on eBay Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con Offers on  eBay Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo Switch. These offers are a scam. Nobody is selling a Switch under the list price of $299.99. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch Amazon scam for details. How to Buy the Nintendo Switch Online The experience of shoppers trying to grab a Nintendo Switch online is harder than scoring a doorbuster deal on Black Friday. The high demand brings in scalpers and their shopping bots. As soon as a store puts a Switch on sale online, these bots swoop in and automatically purchase the console. Regular consumers have a very hard time to beat bots and shopping scripts. The first task is to find out when a store has the Switch in stock online. To track online inventory and get alerts, shoppers can use zoolert and NowInStock and iStockNow. Below is the list of shops that offer the Nintendo Switch online in case they have inventory. Amazon Walmart Best Buy  GameStop  Target  ToysRUs Other stores have also listed the Switch including: Dell NewEgg Fry's BHPPhotoVideo Jet.com  Shopko Kohls and Nintendo's own store. Another route to buy a Nintendo Switch leads abroad. Buying a Switch on Amazon in Spain has worked in the past. Some people also used Amazon in Japan to order a Switch. The additional shipping costs and custom fees add up, but the final cost is still lower than buying on the reseller market. The Switch is though also as hard to find in Europe and Japan.   Ordering abroad has some disadvantages. In case the console is damaged, returning it is more hassle. The packed power adapter is not compatible. You have to get either the official US Switch power adapter or a USB power adapter. How to find the Nintendo Switch in Stores Finding a Nintendo Switch in stores requires some time. The available tracking tools are not that accurate. You need to watch the inventory of your local stores over time to learn to spot when a store just got new Switch inventory. Best is to combine the tracking data from iStockNow and BrickSeek. Some stores like Walmart and Target also show if a product is in stock at a select local store online on their sites. If all three report stock than the chances are very high that the Switch is indeed in stock. Now you just need to be first in the door. The iStockNow live map provides the details where the Switch is in stock. Through filters, you can setup notifications for your local stores. BrickSeek offers inventory checkers for Walmart and other stores. Walmart Stores Enter your zip code and select the Walmart store near you on this walmart.com page.  The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. To check if a Walmart store near you has the Switch in stock you can also use this BrickSeek page. To check for the more rare Switch with neon Joy-con visit this link. The iStockNow live map provides the details where the Switch is in stock for Walmart stores.  Target Stores  While there are three methods to check for Switch inventory, it is more difficult for Target. BrickSeek does not work for checking for Switch stock at Target stores for some reason. Searching with DCPI 207-29-1001 results in: "Sorry, this item is not available to search at this time." Target shows store inventory also online on target.com for the Nintendo Switch. The Target DPCI for the Nintendo Switch console with neon blue and neon red Joy-Con is 207-29-1001. The DPCI for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 207-29-1000. The search for the Switch at Target on BrickSeek is not returning results yet. Target.com also shows the stock levels of the Alternatively shoppers can use iStockNow to find Target stores with Switch in stock.  Nintendo Flagship Store in New York The Nintendo flagship store has published a schedule of Switch sales. On Good Friday April 14, the Switch will go on sale at 3p ET in the store located at 10 Rockefeller Plaza. Please share how long before the sale you had to line up to score a Switch in the comments below. Best Buy You can use iStockNow to find Best Buy stores with Switch in stock.  GameStop The iStockNow service also works for GameStop store locations. A pro tip for iStockNow is to look for inventory changes of your local stores you track. Only if there is a fresh change, the likelihood that the information is correct is high. Another tip is to compare iStockNow and BrickSeek results. The new Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and as expected, it sold out on launch day. Nintendo's comments that there would be enough Switch consoles in March to satisfy demand turned out to be untrue. Nintendo now plans to double the production of the Nintendo Switch. The company plans to make 16 million Switch consoles starting April 1 until March 2018. The original plan was to produce 8 million Switch consoles. Nintendo announced to have sold over 900,000 Switch consoles in March. The Switch is the fastest selling console in Nintendo's history. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be also in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's a mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Read the latest Nintendo Switch updates and also check out our Nintendo NES Classic shopping guide. Visit The Tracker by I4U News (beta) for the latest in stock updates.  This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8 Active in the Works as an AT&T Exclusive 14 hours ago, 11:01am CDT This Might Be Our First Look At The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 16 hours ago, 9:15am CDT The Reason Why Nintendo Discontinues the NES Classic Edition 16 hours ago, 9:15am CDT Samsung Galaxy S8 Destroyed! 16 hours ago, 9:01am CDT First-Ever Image of Dark Matter Released 2 hours ago First-Ever Image of Dark Matter Released 2 hours ago Terpene is the World's Most Spoken Language 13 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT 5 Performances to Look Forward to at Coachella 2017 14 hours ago, 11:41am CDT This 3D Printed Patch Helps Patients Recover from Heart Attack 14 hours ago, 11:37am CDT Kendrick Lamar's DAMN: 7 Facts to Know 14 hours ago, 11:12am CDT 5 Cool Things About Star Wars Celebration 2017 15 hours ago, 10:09am CDT Next Xbox Leaked in these Images! 16 hours ago, 8:54am CDT NES Classic Edition Discontinued, Reseller Prices Explode 17 hours ago, 8:45am CDT Star Trek's Tricorder Wins XPrize Competition 18 hours ago, 7:35am CDT How to Find a NES Classic Edition in Stock on Easter Weekend 19 hours ago, 6:04am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News NES Classic Edition Discontinued, Reseller Prices Explode 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Edition 2017 Unit Sale Numbers Are Due April 27 NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Technology News Samsung Galaxy S8 Active in the Works as an AT&T Exclusive 14 hours ago, 11:01am CDT This Might Be Our First Look At The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 16 hours ago, 9:15am CDT The Reason Why Nintendo Discontinues the NES Classic Edition 16 hours ago, 9:15am CDT Samsung Galaxy S8 Destroyed! 16 hours ago, 9:01am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News First-Ever Image of Dark Matter Released 2 hours ago First-Ever Image of Dark Matter Released 2 hours ago Terpene is the World's Most Spoken Language 13 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT 5 Performances to Look Forward to at Coachella 2017 14 hours ago, 11:41am CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Is Using Its Stores to Battle Amazon The retailer will begin offering discounts on online items picked up from stores, piggybacking on its existing infrastructure. Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Apr 14, 2017 at 9:00AM Retail giant Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) has gotten aggressive in the past year when it comes to e-commerce. The $3.3 billion acquisition of start-up Jet.com last year, while expensive, put Jet CEO Marc Lore in charge of Wal-Mart's entire e-commerce operation, and it gave the company a brand that has worked well with younger customers. Lore has wasted no time in his new position, rolling out free two-day shipping for orders above $35 in February, a direct blow to Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) Prime. Wal-Mart has also been pushing its online grocery service, which allows customers to order online and pick up at their nearest store for free. The company is even testing a convenience store concept centered around online grocery. Image source: Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart now plans to offer customers discounts for picking up online orders in its stores. Announced in April, Wal-Mart's Pickup Discount initiative gives online shoppers a choice between free two-day shipping or a discounted price in exchange for picking up the order at their local Wal-Mart store. The discounts can be significant: one example provided by Wal-Mart is a $23.99 Lego set that is $2.55 cheaper if in-store pickup is chosen. Wal-Mart's strategy to compete with Amazon is to provide the absolute lowest prices, along with enough convenience to combat Amazon's unending push toward faster delivery. Leveraging its stores in order to provide discounts on online orders is something that Amazon can't match, and it's likely just the first step in the company's quest to bring online prices down for its customers. A simple idea to save customers money Wal-Mart will begin offering pickup discounts on thousands of online-only items on April 19, with that number expanding to over 1 million items by the end of June. Wal-Mart already has the infrastructure in place to efficiently deliver large quantities of products to its stores, including 6,700 trucks. Getting an online-only item to a store is far cheaper for the company than shipping it directly to the customer, and that allows Wal-Mart to pass on those savings by offering a pickup discount. This initiative is in the same vein as Jet.com's various money-saving features. Jet offers customers discounts for waiving free returns and opting to pay with a debit card, and its smart cart system lowers prices when multiple items are located in the same distribution center. All of these features should eventually make their way to Walmart.com, in one form or another. Jet's underlying concept is to identify exactly where costs enter the e-commerce supply chain and find ways to reduce them, passing on the savings in the form of lower prices. That's exactly what Wal-Mart's new pickup discount initiative accomplishes. Wal-Mart has dominated brick-and-mortar retail by driving costs down in order to offer the lowest prices. It's now looking to do the same in e-commerce. The battle is heating up Wal-Mart isn't going to be able to out-Amazon Amazon. The e-commerce giant is focusing on getting products to its Prime customers as quickly as possible, expanding its Prime Now service and testing delivery by drone. Convenience is the name of the game at Amazon. Wal-Mart, on the other hand, is focusing much more on driving prices down. Convenience is still important, and its free two-day shipping initiative is a critical piece of the puzzle. But Wal-Mart's path to victory in e-commerce requires it to beat Amazon on price, plain and simple. Utilizing its existing infrastructure to reduce prices for its online customers is one way to do that. I expect to see more initiatives coming out of Bentonville that aim to bring online prices down. Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales soared 29% year over year during the fourth quarter, driven by Jet and online grocery. Free two-day shipping and pickup discounts should help drive sales even higher this year. Wal-Mart will need to grow online sales at a breakneck pace in order to eventually catch up with Amazon, but its e-commerce push over the past year gives it a fighting chance. Timothy Green has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Apr 14, 2017 at 9:00AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $73.15 down $0.29 (-0.39%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $884.40 down $-11.83 (-1.32%) Read More A Foolish Take: Amazon's Robot Army Why Amazon Is So Focused on Groceries Right Now Amazon's Clothing Success Could Doom Department Stores and Malls Why Wal-Mart Shareholders Have Something to Worry About 3 Stocks Are Up 1,000% Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Wal-Mart Is Using Its Stores to Battle Amazon @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN
News Sports Business Real Estate Alert 75° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 75° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Walmart, in the age of e-commerce, has been saddled with the infrastructure of a different age of retailing — a network of thousands of stores, their miles of aisles and over 100,000 products in each location. Jeff Chiu AP, File/Sept. 19, 2013 Business Monday April 14, 2017 7:00 AM In the week ahead, Walmart is making an online bet on its stores BY TOM HUDSON Special to the Miami Herald LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story When you’re the largest brick and mortar retailer in a world of cyber-buyers, how do you defend your territory? By leveraging what could be your biggest liability — your stores. In the week ahead, that’s how Walmart will respond to the ever-increasing competition posed by Amazon. What had been a destructive price battle has turned into an all-out war for the hearts and wallets of consumers. The two retail behemoths represent the clash of shopping cultures — pursuing aisles versus surfing websites — and the business models built to support them. Amazon’s approach stuffs inventory into strategically placed warehouses, avoiding the cost of actual stores, and using its volume to drive deals with shippers to get merchandise the last mile to consumers’ doors. Walmart, in the age of e-commerce, has been saddled with the infrastructure of a different age of retailing — a network of thousands of stores, their miles of aisles and over 100,000 products in each location. As Walmart is discovering, that network may be more of an asset than it had thought. Beginning with 10,000 items, Walmart will allow its shoppers to buy online and pick up in stores. That part is not new. So what Walmart is doing is offering deep price discounts on those items for in-store pickup. It’s using its size to undercut Amazon on price and hoping to use its stores as leverage in bridging the last mile to buyers’ homes. Walmart will expand the offering to one million items by June. If successful, Walmart stores may mimic warehouses as much as retail experiences. Shareholders can only hope it will help mimic Amazon’s stock performance. Over the past year, Amazon shares have jumped four times as much as Walmart’s. Walmart still sells more than $1 billion of stuff per day on average each year. That’s about four times as much revenue as Amazon. But all of Amazon’s sales are online compared to just $14 billion for Walmart. And as more buying is moving online, Walmart has been searching for strategies to entice its price-sensitive buyers to think of it — not Amazon — as the place to find deals in cyberspace. Financial journalist Tom Hudson hosts “The Sunshine Economy” on WLRN-FM in Miami. Follow him on Twitter @HudsonsView. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 days ago WOW takes flight from Miami 0:54 8 days ago WOW takes flight from Miami 0:41 3 months ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top 1:39 8 months ago Historic Overtown Visitor Center tries to redefine the perception of Overtown View More Video Business Monday When things go wrong in your business, be ready to act fast Bank of America Merchant Services moves money to South Florida merchants Talking ‘real estate’: Here’s why your estate in real property matters 234 entries, now it’s down to 30. The Business Plan Challenge semifinalists are ... Senior hires and promotions in South Florida for the week of April 10, 2017 Business Monday Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Weekend Deals Roundup: Nordstrom Rack, Costco and More True or False: Dumb Things Your Taxes Have Funded 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market Bet You Didn’t Know Your FSA Can Cover These 7 Things Why You Need an HSA 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes Here’s How Often CD Rates Change 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News 20 Smart Investments Everyone Should Try The Most Valuable Public Company in Every State 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News 7 Surprising Reasons People Aren’t Saving for Retirement 10 Signs Your Children Will Have to Take Care of You in Retirement 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts How to Close a Checking Account for Free Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News Are Banks Open on Good Friday 2017? Are Banks Open on Easter? 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips The ABCs of Credit: Tips to Be Smarter With Your Finances 6 Easiest Credit Cards to Get 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Videos Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Saving Money > How To Save Money > Walmart Shopping Tricks to Get the Most Bang for Your Buck Walmart Shopping Tricks to Get the Most Bang for Your BuckShoppers in the know can find plenty of ways to save money at Walmart. By Cameron Huddleston | April 14, 2017 If you love a great deal, chances are good that you shop at Walmart. For decades, the mammoth retailer has been known for its bargain-basement prices. In fact, it's easy to assume that it's difficult — if not impossible — to shave down those rock-bottom prices a bit more. But that assumption can be a costly mistake. If you know what you're doing, you can save even more at Walmart. For example, shopping at the right time of day can cut your grocery costs. Download the right app, and your savings can continue long after you leave the store. Following are nine strategies to make sure you get the best prices and save even more money at Walmart. vvoe / Shutterstock.com Take Advantage of Walmart’s Price-Matching Policy Even if Walmart isn't offering the lowest price on a given item, you can take advantage of the store's price-match policy to secure a better deal. Walmart will match any advertised price from stores in your area, said Paul Ivanovsky, creator of IHeartTheMart.com, a blog dedicated to saving money at Walmart. To qualify, the items in question must be identical and in stock at the other retailer. Ivanovsky said the price-matching policy is a great way to save money on items such as fruit, meat and paper products. Additionally, Walmart will match many online competitors' prices for home goods and other nonfood items. Although restrictions exist, the retail giant will generally match online prices for goods from Amazon, Best Buy, Target and TigerDirect, among other stores. Also See: 15 Stores That Offer Price-Match Guarantees Larry Herfindal / Shutterstock.com Get Online Prices in the Store Before you make a purchase in one of its stores, see if Walmart is offering a better price online. The company will match Walmart.com prices when you make in-store purchases. Bethany Halford is a co-creator of the Whoa, wait. Walmart? blog, which features great finds at Walmart. She frequently finds items that have been marked down online but not in the store. To get the better price, Halford pulls the item up on her phone and shows it to the cashier when she checks out. Halford once saved a couple dollars when she found a pair of slippers selling for $12.88 in the store and about $10 online. iStock.com / LDProd Use the Savings Catcher App If you forgot to check other stores' prices before shopping at Walmart, you can still take advantage of the retailer's price-match policy after the fact by using the Savings Catcher app. After scanning your receipt with the app, Walmart checks competitors' advertised prices on the same item. If an item you bought is cheaper elsewhere, you will be credited the difference. Savings are in the form of Savings Catcher Rewards Dollars that can be redeemed for a Walmart e-gift card or Walmart Buck$ to be added to a Bluebird by American Express Card prepaid debit card. "Even if you don't think you bought something that can be matched, you might be surprised at what the Savings Catcher finds for you," said Dian Farmer of the Grocery Shop For Free!! website. chrisdorney / Shutterstock.com Get Free Shipping From Walmart.com Shipping costs can quickly negate the savings you might accumulate by shopping online. However, there are two ways you can get free shipping from Walmart.com. If you spend $35 or more online, Walmart will ship your purchases for free. Two-day delivery is available on millions of items, and other goods are delivered in three to five days. Some items and orders under $35 do not qualify for free shipping. You can get around shipping fees on those goods by having online purchases shipped to your local store, said Amanda Jerkins, the other co-creator of Whoa, wait. Walmart? Don't Miss: 20 Retailers Like Target and Best Buy That Offer Free Shipping All Year Kzenon / Shutterstock.com Comb Through the Clearance Racks If you rush through your Walmart trips, you might miss out on some of the retailer's best clearance deals. Typically, deeply discounted items are placed in an aisle near the toy or lawn and garden department, Halford said. When she and Jerkins comb through the clearance racks, they often find that items they were coveting at full price are now on sale for much less. For example, Jerkins said she once found a floor lamp she wanted that was marked down from $45 to $20 in the clearance section. She also recommended checking the end caps on aisles throughout the store for heavily discounted items. Related: The Best Things to Buy at Walmart and Target Steve Debenport / Shutterstock.com Shop Early in the Morning for Grocery Deals If your local Walmart has a grocery department, you can save money by timing food shopping trips right. Farmer recommends shopping early in the morning to score discounts on one of the priciest food items on your list — meat. "Normally, by 8 a.m., the meat department has discounted their meat, and you can grab some great deals," she said. Saving on groceries at Walmart is also easier if you know the tricks of the trade. So make sure to learn the tips to save money when grocery shopping. txking / Shutterstock.com Tap Into Seasonal Savings Walmart is known for offering great Black Friday sales. However, there are also many other times of the year when Walmart offers special savings. In particular, July has become a season for merchants to promote Black Friday-like deals, said Slickdeals savings expert Regina Conway. In the past, Walmart has rolled out a big July sale to rival Amazon's one-day sale for its Prime members, who pay a $99 annual fee for free two-day shipping and other benefits. As an added bonus, Walmart doesn't require any sort of membership fee to take advantage of its deals. Khomkrit Phonsai / Shutterstock.com Get $1 Deals Some of the items you can find at a dollar store can also be purchased at Walmart for $1 or less — and you don't even have to ask for price-matching. For example, Walmart sells personal grooming products such as deodorant and shampoo for about $1. You also can find greeting cards and gift bags for $1, although the selection is smaller than what you'd see at a traditional dollar store. Ivanovsky keeps a running list of Walmart's current dollar deals on IHeartTheMart.com. iStock.com / IPGGutenbergUKLtd Get Free Grocery Pickup Walmart has rolled out two services in some cities that can save shoppers a lot of valuable time: grocery pickup and grocery delivery. Customers who choose to pick up their groceries can now order items online and then pick them up at select stores in their areas. You can even select a time for your pickup, and an associate will load the groceries into your car. And it's all free. Grocery delivery is not free — you will be charged a fee that varies depending on the time slot you book for delivery. But it will still save you valuable time. These services are not available in all markets. So, call your local Walmart or check on the retailer's website to make sure the service is available in your area. Up Next: The Worst Things to Buy at Walmart and Target Share x Open a New Bank Account Check Out the Next Article 9 Secret Ways to Save Money at Sam’s Club Get the most from your membership at this warehouse club by taking advantage of all the savings it has to offer. Related Articles 30 Items to Avoid at Walmart 10 Secret Ways to Save Money at Costco 40 Airport Secrets Revealed: What You Need to Know Before You Fly 5 Best and Worst Jobs at Walmart People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.  
Walmart greeter, 88, says he was fired for improperly handling v - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Tucson Rodeo Justice For Isabel My Tucson Home Flight tracker Arizona Politics Border News Business Traffic map Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education Visit our tax guide In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Lifestyle Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona Teacher Tributes Tucson gem show About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Win tickets to the Pima County Fair Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Walmart greeter, 88, says he was fired for improperly handling visit by turkey 2017-04-14T00:14:02Z2017-04-14T00:14:02Z A wild turkey walked into a store, leading to a greeter's firing. (Source: WISN/CNN/Humane Animal Welfare Society) WAUKESHA, WI (WISN/CNN) - An elderly man was fired from his job as a Walmart greeter for the improper handling of a turkey which walked into the store. “It starts and it goes back, and then it walks out,” Bob Tallinger said of the turkey. Tallinger explains the moment a wild turkey walked right past him at the Waukesha Walmart. In his eight years as a greeter at the store, he'd never seen anything like it. Then he was fired. "I say what for?  ‘Well you should have helped get that turkey out of here,"’ he says he was told. The 88-year-old man was told he should have alerted a manager about the turkey in the store.  Tallinger's wife defended her husband. “He was hired to be a greeter and that's what he did. He never saw a book of rules that said if a wild turkey comes in here, you better run and get management,” his wife Janet said.  Local Walmart staff didn’t want to talk about the firing. Janet Tallinger says her husband's termination is unfair. "Granted, he's gotten older and granted he's lost a little memory, but nevertheless, that hasn't prevented him from being an excellent greeter,” she said. She says her husband is the most popular person at the Walmart and loved working as a greeter. What he'll miss most?  "People. There's a lot of people I know," he said.  Copyright 2017 WISN via CNN. All rights reserved.  Raycom reportsRaycom reportsMore>> Dying man fixes bikes for children Dying man fixes bikes for children Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 11:54 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:54:37 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 2:24 AM EDT2017-04-15 06:24:45 GMT A man was diagnosed with a neurodegenerative brain disease, and was ready to give up if it wasn’t for people calling for bikes. A man was diagnosed with a neurodegenerative brain disease, and was ready to give up if it wasn’t for people calling for bikes. Police find long guns, military-grade ammo during home search Police find long guns, military-grade ammo during home search Posted: Saturday, April 15 2017 1:39 AM EDT2017-04-15 05:39:20 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 1:39 AM EDT2017-04-15 05:39:20 GMT Police found military-grade ordinance shells, along with two dozen long guns, during a search of man's home in Massachusetts. Police found military-grade ordinance shells, along with two dozen long guns, during a search of man's home in Massachusetts. Suspects arraigned in killing of woman, 77, in home invasion Suspects arraigned in killing of woman, 77, in home invasion Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 11:04 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:04:23 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 11:04 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:04:23 GMT A man and a woman are facing murder charges in the killing of a 77-year-old woman in a home invasion.   A man and a woman are facing murder charges in the killing of a 77-year-old woman in a home invasion.   Zoo visitors get first peek at baby black rhino Zoo visitors get first peek at baby black rhino Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 10:29 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:29:29 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 10:29 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:29:29 GMT A new baby black rhino will be out daily weather permitting, and whenever mom, named Azizi, will let her at the Pittsburgh Zoo.  A new baby black rhino will be out daily weather permitting, and whenever mom, named Azizi, will let her at the Pittsburgh Zoo.  Fan asks for Dr. Pepper fountain, the company obliges Fan asks for Dr. Pepper fountain, the company obliges Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 10:08 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:08:21 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 10:08 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:08:21 GMT A Kansas woman took to social media to talk about her love of Dr. Pepper, so the soda company decided to surprise her with a gift that's truly one-of-a-kind. (Source: KSNT/CNN) When a Kansas woman tweeted about wanting a Dr. Pepper fountain, the company took her request literally.  When a Kansas woman tweeted about wanting a Dr. Pepper fountain, the company took her request literally.     Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Market Weather × Top Stories Michigan State selects startups for incubator program Tom Watkins to resign as CEO of Detroit Wayne Mental Health Authority Kelly Services CEO to step down to become finalist for Oakland University president Michigan chooses Florida-based company to run statewide medical marijuana 'seed-to-sale' tracking system Trump's reversal puts Export-Import Bank back in the news Upscale steakhouse set to open in Troy next year Terri Miller departs from Michigan's high-risk auto insurer HR Confidential: Help! My employee is always on the phone Trump administration draws environmental policy battle lines, but outcome in doubt Metro Detroit restaurants gear up for Easter brunch Special Report The revitalization of Flint: Diplomat Pharmacy's Phil Hagerman aims at transformation, new businesses × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Michigan Stock Index VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Carlos Portocarrero - Digital City Moments Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Kirk Pinho - Real estate Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries April 13, 2017 Updated Walmart launches grocery pickup service in metro Detroit Stores in Rochester Hills, Commerce and Chesterfield townships will offer program first By Tyler Clifford Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is expanding its grocery pickup service to metro Detroit next week, following in the footsteps of local grocers including Kroger, Meijer and Busch's. Patrons can visit walmart.com/grocery or use Walmart mobile app to choose from 30,000 items and select a pickup time and location. The list of items available for pickup orders includes fresh meat, organics, nonperishable goods and baked goods. The participating stores in Rochester Hills and Commerce and Chesterfield… Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe at three different levels -- digital, print + digital and our newest level: Data Membership. Subscribe Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Sports Business Report Crain's Nonprofit Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Data & Lists Crain's Special Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE April 09, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
Sign In / Sign Up Sign In Sign Up New User Show navigation Hide navigation Home Jobswitch Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Blogs Planning Room Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Showcase Media Television Print Out of Home Digital Below The Line Radio Media Briefs Directories Case Studies Latest Advertising Marketing Media Digital Events Online Videos We aren't looking at new states for store roll-out: Walmart India CEO By Sudipto Dey , Business Standard | In Marketing | April 14, 2017 Interview with Krish Iyer, President & CEO, Walmart India. Walmart India is gearing up to roll out more stores from the first quarter of the next financial year, says its president and chief executive officer, Krish Iyer. On the sidelines of the graduation ceremony of the Walmart Women Entrepreneurship Development Programme, Iyer shared his views with a select group of journalists, including Sudipto Dey of Business Standard, on the global retail major's various India initiatives. Edited excerpts: When you joined in 2014, Walmart's India project was going through some turbulence. How have the past three years been in terms of what you set out to achieve? Walmart India became a 100 per cent subsidiary of Walmart Stores International from January 2014. The past three years were good. Our focus was on building a strategy for our cash-and-carry business, creating growth plans for the next few years, and setting the agenda for the right way of doing business. There was a lot of focus on compliance and (having) robust processes within the business. Overall, we have built the foundation for a pipeline of stores for future growth. We have done well in all these measures. We are ready to roll out more stores on the ground from early next year. We have 21 stores, and are on track to have 50 by 2021. As we speak, we have 16 stores in the pipeline, at various stages of development. Are you looking at presence in any state other than where you are present? Our major focus has been on states where we are already present. So, the new stores will be in Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. We are currently not looking at new states but have been studying Karnataka with a lot of interest. A deeper penetration in existing states makes better business sense. How much of what is sold in India is being sourced from within the country? Local sourcing makes a lot of sense from economics point of view. Imports are expensive. Safely, 97 per cent of what we sell in our stores is locally procured. Locally produced goods have a lot of demand with our customers, namely the kirana stores. Has Walmart India taken any call on whether it wants to enter the food retail space (which was opened up for 100 per cent FDI last year)? It (100 per cent FDI) is a good initiative towards helping farmers double their income. It will reduce food wastage and help in development of cold storage backend. We have been evaluating the guidelines and at an appropriate time will look at that sector. How ready is Walmart India for GST from July 1? As soon as the rates are announced, we would be 100 per cent ready. The preparation is in progress. It is also important to help our partners in the whole process. Many of our partners are small and medium enterprises and regional suppliers. Helping and educating them is also an important part of the agenda. What is the idea behind Walmart Women Entrepreneurship Development Programme? Are there plans to increase the number of woman suppliers in the supply chain? The focus of the women entrepreneurship programme has been on depth and not scale. We have taken 32 women-owned businesses as part of the nine-month programme that initially started as a pilot. Strategically, it works well for Walmart India to have a pipeline of women suppliers in the ecosystem. When women become entrepreneurs, their social status in the country also goes up. We currently have around 50 women suppliers in our ecosystem - around nine from this group are getting on board. We started in 2015 with the target of doubling the sourcing (from women suppliers) from the India market. We will launch another programme this year to take this forward. One of the researches done by Walmart in the United States a couple of years ago showed that products from women-owned business were perceived to be of higher quality by the customers. We launched a woman-owned business logo and put it on these products and the shelf. We found customers had greater liking for these products. From that point of view, supporting women-owned business is a strategic initiative and makes good business sense. As part of increasing gender diversity in India, we have been able to increase women participation at the store level to 16 per cent across all our stores. Our target is to have 25 per cent women store managers over the next five years. © 2017 Business Standard     Stay Updated with Us Top 10 Stories Last Week Last Month Last Year Going to market, the Nadia Chauhan way... Marketing Goafest 2017: Open Strategy & Design wins 4 Golds ... Advertising Pepsi tweaks its packaging to woo new age consumer... Advertising Mrs. Funnybones makes a case for Google Pixel Advertising Goafest 2017: Taproot Dentsu wins six Golds for 'O... Advertising Goafest 2017: Media and Publishers Abby announced Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in March... Digital Do aggregators help or hurt web publishers? Digital Axis Mutual Fund educates customers about SIP usin... Advertising Management changes at Disney: Vijay Subramaniam qu... Media Publishing Sarabhai VS Sarabhai on Hotstar: An Analysis Digital Amazon Prime Video launches 'India Ka Naya Primeti... Advertising Mrs. Funnybones makes a case for Google Pixel Advertising Motherhood has no gender, says P&G in new Vicks ad Digital "Now, the shopkeeper can store condoms next to can... Advertising Patanjali is India's Buzziest Brand; Amazon, Jio f... Marketing How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing HUL, Amul in legal battle over latter's ad Advertising The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in Febru... Digital Going to market, the Nadia Chauhan way... Marketing How Pulse candy captured the market: The Full Stor... Marketing Bajaj V: A piece of INS Vikrant in your bike Advertising "Rohit Shetty's 'Ranveer Ching Returns' is the mos... Advertising Voot to stream Bigg Boss Season 10's 'Unseen Undek... Media Publishing Did we just see a desi ad with a kiss in it? Advertising Sony LIV launches Hollywood library Digital "We don't have a fruit for a logo," shouts Microma... Advertising afaqs! Throwback: Meet 'The Airtel Girl': Rakul Pr... Advertising The Story Behind Paytm's Marketing... Digital The 10 Most-Watched Indian Ads on YouTube in May 2... Digital 5 / 10❬❭ Case Studies Secrets to a Great Team Other Source : Elodie Ascenci View All Current Issue April 1-15 2017 Client Servicing Executive. Apr 12, 2017 Creative Head / Graphic Designer Apr 10, 2017 Account Supervisor (Female) Mar 17, 2017 View all jobs ❭ Home About us Advertise Register Contact us Sitemap Service Agreement Quantum Code Articles Last 30 Days Interviews Guest Articles Points of View Co Briefs In The Spotlight Special Reports afaqs! Reporter 100 Words Shareworthy Advertising Creative Showcase News Interviews Account Movements Push Money App Media Latest News Television Print OOH Digital BTL Radio Media Briefs Interviews JobSwitch All Vacancies Top Employer Charter Members Post Resume Events Foxglove Awards 2017 afaqs! India's Buzziest Brands 2017 vdonxt asia Digies 2016 afaqs! Foxglove Awards 2016 Brand Owners' Summit afaqs! Buzziest Brands 2016 Unmetro, Delhi-2015 Brand Owner's Summit Healthcare Brand Summit Mobile.Nxt Follow us on: Get afaqs! in Your Inbox Copyright © 2017 afaqs!. All pages of the Website are subject to our terms and conditions and privacy policy. You must not reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any material on the Website for any commercial purposes.
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 15 - April 18 Posted:   04/14/2017 09:46:25 PM MDT Today, April 15 Sterling Lions Club Easter Egg Hunt — 8 a.m., Columbine Park. For preschool through fourth grade. Don't be late, the hunt is over quickly. Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. NJC Theatre Presents "Reckless" — house opens 6:30 p.m., show 7 p.m., Dorothy Corsberg Theatre. Cost $5 per person, NJC students and faculty free. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m., Jim Ehrlich. Cost $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, April 16 Easter Sunday Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Movie Matinee — 4 p.m., 315 W. Railroad Ave., Iliff. Free popcorn. Monday, April 17 Advertisement SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board — 6 p.m., Hagen Administration Center. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. Spunk and Spirit Christian Writers Group — 6:30 to 8 p.m., Life Fellowship in Fort Morgan. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St. Call 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, April 18 Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Sterling Lions Club — Noon, Elks Club. Northeast Colorado Women's Connection — social time 11:30 a.m. to noon, program noon to 1:30 p.m., Delgado's Dugout. Vocalist Jim Yahn; Melissa Atkinson and Margie Peak will demonstrate building May Baskets; Leta Dalberg, manager of Silver Cliff Ranch, "Identity Crisis Create Quick Change Artists." Cost $13. For reservations: Margie 520-9154, Lynne 886-3285, cwcrsvp@yahoo.com. Cross My Heart Ministries Brown Bag Bible Study — noon to 12:45 p.m., Rock Assembly of God, 916 S. 4th Ave. Geared for women who work outside the home and would like to attend during their lunch hour. Information: Call 526-2732 or e-mail crossmyheart@kci.net. Las Amigas — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Taking Charge of Your Diabetes — 1 to 3 p.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter. Participants will learn how to incorporate diet, exercise, monitoring glucose levels, managing stress, and medication management into their personalized self-management plan. Medicare and other insurance plans will pay for all or part of the program if the program is ADA recognized. A written referral from your provider is needed. Pre-registration is required. Call Glenda Amen at 521-3260. Quilting Class — 1:30 p.m., Heritage Center. STEAM Program — 4 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Program: Fun in the Dirt! Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231. Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Sterling After 5 — 6:30 to 8 p.m., Delgados Dugout. Vocalist Jim Yahn, Melissa Atkinson and Margie Peak will demonstrate building May Baskets; Leta Dalberg, manager of Silver Cliff Ranch, "Identity Crisis Create Quick Change Artists." Cost $13. For reservations: Brenna 571-0320, Melanie 522-4979, sterlingafter5@yahoo.com. Logan County Planning Commission — 7 p.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Master Chorale — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For men and women who like to sing. Call 522-5742. Sterling Masonic Lodge Meeting — 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, April 19 Monthly Wellness Open Lab — 7 to 9 a.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter. Blood screenings available are: Lipid Profile + Glucose $25; High Sensitivity C-Reactive Protein $15; Homocysteine $30; PSA $25; Chemistry Panel (includes liver function) $35; Hemoglobin A1c $25; Vitamin D $45. Com to the main lab at SRM. Call 521-3260 to schedule an appointment or for more information. Toddle Time Story Time — 10:30 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 18 months to 36 months, with an adult. Senior Citizen's Club Cornelius Dinner — noon, Heritage Center. Rotary Club — Noon, Northeastern Junior College, Tennant Art Gallery inside Hays Student Center. Gloria Kaiser, "Medicare and Nursing Home Care." Walking Wednesday — 12:05 and 5:15 p.m., Pioneer Park. Fleming VFW Oyster Fry — Begins at 5 p.m. Iliff Triangle AA Group — 6 p.m., Iliff Trading Post, 315 Railroad Ave., Iliff. Rides available by calling Kathy at 522-5006 or can be arranged with other members. League of Women Voters — 6:30 p.m., Department of Human Services Community Room. 521-6561 Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Sports nutrition for the young athlete "Exercise is king. Nutrition is queen. Put them together and you've got a kingdom," is how Jack LaLanne, the popular "godfather of fitness" eloquently summed up the relationship between nutrition and exercise for overall fitness.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 15 - April 18 Sterling BPW seeks nominations for Celebration of Women   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 2:58 A.M. ET 10 shocking passages from the Wells Fargo report on aggressive sales practices 4/14 Trump plans to nominate Scott Garrett, critic of Export-Import Bank, to head agency 4/14 Updated Here’s proof that disputing your credit-card bill could be worth it 4/14 Updated Why American men may have less luck finding a job than women 4/14 Updated The Beckhams add another trademark to their brand: their five-year-old daughter Harper 4/14 Updated That time when a Nobel Prize–winning economist got unceremoniously ejected from a United flight 4/14 Updated Foreclosure activity drops to pre-recession levels nationwide 4/14 Updated The lesson every office manager needs to learn from Zeke Smith’s outing on ‘Survivor’ 4/14 Updated Here is one thing that Democrats and Republicans agree upon 4/14 Updated This is how long it could take for United to recover from its PR disaster 4/14 Updated 10 memorable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/14 This economist had the simple solution to United’s debacle — in 1968 4/14 What Uber’s financial results show 4/14 Updated Crate & Barrel CEO Doug Diemoz leaves the company 4/14 Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump 4/14 Updated U.S. Treasury declines to label China a currency manipulator 4/14 Uber losses would have ranked near top among public companies in 2016 4/14 Corrected Apple gets to test driverless cars in California 4/14 Opinion Journal: The Trump-Giuliani Connection 4/14 Opinion Journal: How Valuable Is Tesla? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Wal-Mart in talks to acquire men's apparel retailer Bonobos, reports Recode By Tonya Garcia Published: Apr 14, 2017 3:28 p.m. ET Share By TonyaGarcia Reporter Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.39% is in advanced acquisition talks with men's apparel retailer Bonobos, according to a Recode report published Friday. Sources tell Recode that both sides have agreed to a price and due diligence on the deal is underway. MarketWatch has reached out to Wal-Mart for comment. Bonobos launched a decade ago as a place for men to find pants with a personalized fit. Today it has nearly three dozen "guideshops" that customers can visit, though purchases are shipped. Bonobos was valued at $300 million in 2014, according to Recode. Wal-Mart has made a number of fashion acquisitions in recent months, including women's retailer ModCloth and online outdoor retailer, Moosejaw. Wal-Mart shares are up 6.3% for the past year while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.68% is up 11.8% for the same period. Quote References WMT -0.29 -0.39% SPX -15.98 -0.68% Most Popular Why American men may have less luck finding a job than women U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.15 -0.29 (-0.39%) Volume 5.2M Open $73.37 High $73.66 Low $73.15 P/E Ratio 16.66 Div Yield 2.79 Market Cap 221.9B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,342 High 2,348 Low 2,329 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars COMMERCE Wal-Mart is reportedly in advanced talks to acquire Bonobos Reuters April 14, 2017 6:01 PM Tags: Bonobos, Reuters, Wal-Mart, Walmart Above: Bonobos. Image Credit: Bonobos Wal-Mart Stores is in advanced discussions to buy online men’s fashion retailer Bonobos, Recode reported on Friday, citing sources. Wal-Mart and Bonobos have agreed on a price and the deal is in final due diligence, Recode said. Nordstrom is an investor in Bonobos. The website said that the price of the deal could not be learned, but a retail business would likely fetch one to two times revenue. Bonobos has $100 million to $150 million in revenue and was valued at $300 million in 2014, the article said. The world’s biggest retailer has been working aggressively to close the gap with rival Amazon under the leadership of Chief Executive Doug McMillon and new e-commerce chief Marc Lore. The deal, if announced, would become the fourth e-commerce acquisition by the retailer in less than a year. Wal-Mart declined to comment while, Bonobos did not respond to the requests for comment. Lore has overseen the acquisition of three other online retailers, shuffled management and made two-day shipping free on all online orders over $35, without any membership fees to compete with Amazon’s popular Prime shipping program. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Alden Bentley and Cynthia Osterman) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Technology Business Politics World Breakingviews CyberRisk Health Watch Innovations Generation Maker Most Popular More Videos video Most Popular North korea 'on the brink of war' as U.S. ships aproach - 01:20 'Right time' to use huge bomb in Afghanistan: U.S. general - 01:45 Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez found not guilty - 01:04 Brain-computer interface allows completely locked-in people to communicate - 01:59 Pope presides at Colosseum's Good Friday service - 01:48 U.S. drops 'mother of all bombs' in Afghanistan - 01:28 Kroger's disappointing sales Thursday, March 02, 2017 - 01:22 Existing store sales surprisingly dropped in the latest quarter. As Fred Katayama reports, price wars and falling grocery prices are hurting the largest U.S. supermarket chain. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Price wars pressuring Kroger. The largest U.S. supermarket chain surprised Wall Street with a drop in existing store sales in the latest quarter. Analysts had expected a slight increase. It comes as rival Wal-Mart has intensified the price wars by launching a price comparison test in 11 states aimed at closing the pricing gap with Kroger and discount grocery chain Aldi. Falling grocery prices are also hurting Kroger whose brands include Ralphs and Fred Meyer. The disappointing same-store sales pushed its stock lower in early trading. Its shares have dropped by more than a fifth over the last 12 months, vastly underperforming Wal-Mart. First Standard Financial's chief market economist Peter Cardillo says price conscious consumers will keep pressuring retailers. SOUNDBITE: PETER CARDILLO, CHIEF MARKET ECONOMIST, FIRST STANDARD FINANCIAL, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "The consumer remains very cautious. Even though personal income is quite strong and spending is pretty good, they're not just going to throw their money down the drain without looking for a bargain And so that brings us to the question of discounting. And discounting in many ways hurts a lot of the retailers.." 8:42:27 Kroger's falling profit and rising net sales topped expectations. But the retailer doesn't see much sales growth this year with a forecast ranging from flat to 1 percent growth. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://www.reuters.com/video/2017/03/02/krogers-disappointing-sales?videoId=371223563&videoChannel=2602 <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371223563" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Kroger's disappointing sales Thursday, March 02, 2017 - 01:22 Top News » White House says it won't release visitor logs Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (0:58) Georgia officers fired after assault video... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (1:17) Apple may join Foxconn in bid for Toshiba's... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (1:42) Trump offers Passover, Easter greetings Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (1:58) Video shows 'mother of all bombs' explosion in... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (0:35) 36 killed in 'Mother Of All Bombs' blast in... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (2:07) One killed, three injured in shooting aboard... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (0:55) Wall St falls as banks weigh after earnings Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:32) Police suspect suicide in death of... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:25) Trump calls Afghanistan bombing 'very... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:02) Trump wants more defense spending, despite... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:59) CIA chief calls WikiLeaks a 'hostile... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (0:59) Migrant Crisis » Over 1,400 migrants rescued at sea arrive in... Mon, Mar 20, 2017 - (1:33) Nearly half of Canadians want migrants... Mon, Mar 20, 2017 - (2:42) Greeks, migrants stage rally over EU-Turkey... Sun, Mar 19, 2017 - (1:16) Lebanese restaurant offers free meals to needy Thu, Mar 09, 2017 - (0:36) Migrants ask Brits to imagine a day without... Mon, Feb 20, 2017 - (1:48) Want to learn Arabic, Korean or Swahili?... Thu, Feb 16, 2017 - (2:03) Rally against Trump's plans on Muslim... Thu, Jan 26, 2017 - (1:00) New EU anti-terror laws target Muslims,... Tue, Jan 17, 2017 - (1:13) Four migrants drown off the coast of southern... Sat, Jan 14, 2017 - (0:55) Probation for Hungarian camerawoman who... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:31) Some 800 migrants rescued by Italian... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:50) Some 800 boat migrants rescued during break in... Fri, Jan 13, 2017 - (0:54) Editors' Picks » United passenger suffered concussion, broken... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:29) Uber’s search for a COO could be tough for the... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:54) Tesla's Musk tells disgruntled shareholders:... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:11) Scientists turn garbage into hydrogen using... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (2:18) U.S. drops mega-bomb on ISIS caves in... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (0:57) The rising cost of Venezuela's deepening... Tue, Apr 11, 2017 - (1:53) Sean Spicer says he 'let the president down'... Wed, Apr 12, 2017 - (2:26) Was Brexit referendum website hacked? Wed, Apr 12, 2017 - (1:17) South African protesters urge Zuma to quit Wed, Apr 12, 2017 - (2:05) Protests mount over Sacramento "jaywalking"... Wed, Apr 12, 2017 - (1:18) Daily Mail to pay Melania Trump damages Wed, Apr 12, 2017 - (1:00) Trump and Xi talk N. Korea as Japan eyes navy... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:43) Innovations » Parrot named Gary could advance drone flight... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:20) Bubble-like water bottle you can eat Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (2:02) Scientists turn garbage into hydrogen using... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (2:18) Toyota launches robot to keep elderly mobile Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:03) Virtual tour reveals lost sounds of Stonehenge Tue, Apr 11, 2017 - (2:00) Finnish climate becoming more like Hungary's... Tue, Apr 11, 2017 - (1:24) Hitachi reveals AI security software Mon, Apr 10, 2017 - (1:34) LiFi tech turns light bulbs into internet... Thu, Apr 06, 2017 - (2:12) Artificial life spawns billion dollar industry Thu, Apr 06, 2017 - (1:41) Study reveals Britain's ice age "Brexit" from... Wed, Apr 05, 2017 - (2:08) Mosquitoes more attracted to already-infected... Wed, Apr 05, 2017 - (1:19) Needle-free vaccine delivery on the horizon Mon, Apr 03, 2017 - (2:17) Entertainment » Star Wars still the force, 40 years on Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (1:26) Environment, politics and 'The Godfather' on... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (1:50) "Star Wars" anniversary celebration kicks off Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (1:52) Disney announce girl power Star Wars spin-offs Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:31) Kate del Castillo says she doesn't regret her... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (2:07) Kidman in Cannes spotlight as lineup unveiled Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:37) Their Finest's Gemma Arterton calls for... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:42) Christian Bale and Kardashians attend premiere... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:18) India's biggest film franchise hot on... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:05) No charges expected for 1D's Louis Tomlinson Tue, Apr 11, 2017 - (0:50) 'Stop staring,' says Caitlyn Jenner,... Tue, Apr 11, 2017 - (1:27) 'The Philanthropist' returns to the stage Mon, Apr 10, 2017 - (1:52) Rough Cuts » Trump offers Passover, Easter greetings Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (1:58) Alleged manifesto fugitive arrested in... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (0:55) Palestinian fatally stabs British woman on... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (0:48) Filipino Catholics crucify themselves at... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (1:04) Fire breaks out at Bellagio Hotel in Las Vegas Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (0:40) Video shows 'mother of all bombs' explosion in... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (0:35) Rebel fighters and civilians evacuated from... Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (0:58) Dhaka residents celebrate Bengali New Year Fri, Apr 14, 2017 - (0:50) Kate del Castillo says she doesn't regret her... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (2:07) Trump calls Afghanistan bombing 'very... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (1:02) CIA chief calls WikiLeaks a 'hostile... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (0:59) U.S. drops mega-bomb on ISIS caves in... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (0:57) Moving Pictures » Images of March Fri, Mar 31, 2017 - (1:01) Mosul train tunnel reveals assault course for... Mon, Mar 06, 2017 - (0:43) Welcome to the wall: artist Banksy opens... Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (1:07) Images of February Wed, Mar 01, 2017 - (1:01) Venezuela's state of misery Fri, Mar 03, 2017 - (2:27) Images of January Fri, Feb 03, 2017 - (1:01) Images of December Tue, Jan 03, 2017 - (1:01) One photo, one country, one year Fri, Dec 23, 2016 - (5:12) Images of November Thu, Dec 01, 2016 - (1:01) Images of October (graphic images) Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (1:06) Images of September Fri, Sep 30, 2016 - (0:59) How to talk to black children about police... Fri, Sep 23, 2016 - (1:50) Reuters Investigates » Russian elites invested in Trump buildings:... Thu, Mar 16, 2017 - (2:26) Special Report: Brennan ushers in sweeping... Tue, Nov 01, 2016 - (2:15) Chinese high-rollers play 'shill' game in... Thu, Sep 29, 2016 - (2:19) W. Virginia weathers fallout from coal... Fri, Aug 05, 2016 - (2:04) Reuse and abuse: How Asia’s test-prep centers... Mon, Mar 28, 2016 - (3:02) SPECIAL REPORT: Flint-like dangers in private... Thu, Mar 10, 2016 - (2:34) A drug epidemic’s most vulnerable victims Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:58) ‘When you’re using, you think it’s OK’ Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (2:20) A baby in withdrawal Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (0:35) ‘I was in labor, in the bathroom, shooting... Mon, Dec 07, 2015 - (3:53) Al-Qaeda detainee alleges CIA sexual abuse Tue, Jun 02, 2015 - (2:09) Pesticideland Thu, Apr 02, 2015 - (2:33) Dateline Asia » Oil cut is the 'nuclear option' for N. Korean... Thu, Apr 13, 2017 - (2:09) WITNESS: Journey to the disputed South China... Wed, Apr 12, 2017 - (2:21) Toshiba warns future is in doubt after filing... Tue, Apr 11, 2017 - (2:12) China's control and concessions in the South... Mon, Apr 10, 2017 - (2:14) Beijing offers cash prizes to root out foreign... Mon, Apr 10, 2017 - (1:29) N. Korea tension rises after U.S. strikes on... Mon, Apr 10, 2017 - (1:54) Bee hives a new target for New Zealand... Fri, Apr 07, 2017 - (1:50) Chinese wary about U.S. missile system Thu, Apr 06, 2017 - (2:12) 5,600 inspectors head for China's polluted... Thu, Apr 06, 2017 - (2:04) Transgender Thais face nightmare at army draft Thu, Apr 06, 2017 - (1:57) China squeezes North Korea as Trump-Xi meeting... Tue, Apr 04, 2017 - (2:04) Dalai Lama's controversial visit to the... Mon, Apr 03, 2017 - (2:20) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Wal-Mart In Talks To Acquire Men's Apparel Retailer Bonobos, Reports Recode ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Wal-Mart In Talks To Acquire Men's Apparel Retailer Bonobos, Reports Recode By Tonya Garcia Published April 14, 2017 Markets MarketWatch Pulse Facebook Twitter Print Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is in advanced acquisition talks with men's apparel retailer Bonobos, according to a Recode report published Friday. Sources tell Recode that both sides have agreed to a price and due diligence on the deal is underway. MarketWatch has reached out to Wal-Mart for comment. Bonobos launched a decade ago as a place for men to find pants with a personalized fit. Today it has nearly three dozen "guideshops" that customers can visit, though purchases are shipped. Bonobos was valued at $300 million in 2014, according to Recode. Wal-Mart has made a number of fashion acquisitions in recent months, including women's retailer ModCloth and online outdoor retailer, Moosejaw. Wal-Mart shares are up 6.3% for the past year while the S&P 500 index is up 11.8% for the same period. Continue Reading Below Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart in advanced talks to buy Bonobos: Recode Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Deals | Fri Apr 14, 2017 | 6:44pm EDT Wal-Mart in advanced talks to buy Bonobos: Recode FILE PHOTO - Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago, Illinois, U.S. on July 26, 2011. REUTERS/John Gress/File Photo Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) is in advanced discussions to buy online men’s fashion retailer Bonobos Inc, Recode reported on Friday, citing sources. Wal-Mart and Bonobos have agreed on a price and the deal is in final due diligence, Recode said. Nordstrom (JWN.N) is an investor in Bonobos. The website said that the price of the deal could not be learned, but a retail business would likely fetch one to two times revenue. Bonobos has $100 million to $150 million in revenue and was valued at $300 million in 2014, the article said.(bit.ly/2nNA6nO) The world's biggest retailer has been working aggressively to close the gap with rival Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) under the leadership of Chief Executive Doug McMillon and new e-commerce chief Marc Lore. The deal, if announced, would become the fourth e-commerce acquisition by the retailer in less than a year. Wal-Mart declined to comment while, Bonobos did not respond to the requests for comment. Lore has overseen the acquisition of three other online retailers, shuffled management and made two-day shipping free on all online orders over $35, without any membership fees to compete with Amazon's popular Prime shipping program. (Reporting by Divya Grover in Bengaluru; Editing by Alden Bentley and Cynthia Osterman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Deals Apple considers bidding for big stake in Toshiba chip business: report TOKYO Apple Inc is considering teaming up with its supplier Foxconn to bid for Toshiba Corp's semiconductor business, Japanese public broadcaster NHK reported on Friday - the latest twist in the sale of the world's second-biggest flash memory chipmaker. Fiat Chrysler CEO rows back on merger search, says focused on plan AMSTERDAM Fiat Chrysler Chief Executive Sergio Marchionne rowed back on his search for a merger on Friday, saying the car maker was not in a position to seek deals for now and would focus instead on following its business plan. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart is reportedly about to buy the hottest men's clothing brand Hayley Peterson Apr. 14, 2017, 3:45 PM 19,207 facebook linkedin twitter email print Bonobos founder Andy Dunn.Courtesy of Bonobos Walmart is in talks to buy Bonobos, one of the hottest men's clothing brands in the US, according to Recode. Bonobos generates between $100 million to $150 million in annual revenue and attracts young, urban customers with its slim-fitting pants, shirts, jackets, and suits. The companies have reportedly agreed on a price and the deal is "in its final due diligence stages," Recode reported citing unnamed sources. Walmart did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Bonobos, founded in 2007, generates most of its sales online. It has a handful of physical stores in major cities that it calls "guideshops" where customers can work with a personal shopper and try on clothing. But all purchases from the stores still must be made online. Nordstrom invested in the company in 2012 and started carrying the brand in stores and on its ecommerce site. A fitting at a Bonobos store, which the company calls "guideshops."Sarah Jacobs/Business Insider If Walmart bought Bonobos, it would be the retailer's fourth major ecommerce acquisition since Walmart purchased Jet.com last year. Since then, Walmart has also acquired ModCloth, MooseJaw, and ShoeBuy. Bonobos was founded by Stanford graduates Brian Spaly and Andy Dunn, who is now the company's CEO. Spaly later left Bonobos to start another men's clothing brand, Trunk Club, which sold to Nordstrom in 2014 for $350 million.  Dunn told Business Insider's Richard Feloni in 2015 that he wasn't looking for a buyout like Trunk Club's for Bonobos. "Call me crazy, but I'm hoping we can build something standalone," Dunn said.   SEE ALSO: Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat NOW WATCH: Here's what it's like to wear $900 high heels designed by a former SpaceX exec Loading video... More: Walmart Retail Bonobos Shopping Mens Apparel Clothing Nordstrom Trunk Club facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart is reportedly about to buy the hottest men's clothing brand Walmart is reportedly about to buy the hottest men's clothing brand Walmart is in talks to buy Bonobos, one of the... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Latest News Dow 20,453 -138.61 -0.67% Nasdaq 5,805 -31.01 -0.53% S&P 500 2,329 -15.98 -0.68% 2:58 A.M. ET 10 shocking passages from the Wells Fargo report on aggressive sales practices 4/14 Trump plans to nominate Scott Garrett, critic of Export-Import Bank, to head agency 4/14 Updated Here’s proof that disputing your credit-card bill could be worth it 4/14 Updated Why American men may have less luck finding a job than women 4/14 Updated The Beckhams add another trademark to their brand: their five-year-old daughter Harper 4/14 Updated That time when a Nobel Prize–winning economist got unceremoniously ejected from a United flight 4/14 Updated Foreclosure activity drops to pre-recession levels nationwide 4/14 Updated The lesson every office manager needs to learn from Zeke Smith’s outing on ‘Survivor’ 4/14 Updated Here is one thing that Democrats and Republicans agree upon 4/14 Updated This is how long it could take for United to recover from its PR disaster 4/14 Updated 10 memorable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean 4/14 This economist had the simple solution to United’s debacle — in 1968 4/14 What Uber’s financial results show 4/14 Updated Crate & Barrel CEO Doug Diemoz leaves the company 4/14 Why a Staff 'Shake-up' Poses Challenges for President Trump 4/14 Updated U.S. Treasury declines to label China a currency manipulator 4/14 Uber losses would have ranked near top among public companies in 2016 4/14 Corrected Apple gets to test driverless cars in California 4/14 Opinion Journal: The Trump-Giuliani Connection 4/14 Opinion Journal: How Valuable Is Tesla? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Wal-Mart in talks to acquire men's apparel retailer Bonobos, reports Recode By Tonya Garcia Published: Apr 14, 2017 3:28 p.m. ET Share By TonyaGarcia Reporter Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, -0.39% is in advanced acquisition talks with men's apparel retailer Bonobos, according to a Recode report published Friday. Sources tell Recode that both sides have agreed to a price and due diligence on the deal is underway. MarketWatch has reached out to Wal-Mart for comment. Bonobos launched a decade ago as a place for men to find pants with a personalized fit. Today it has nearly three dozen "guideshops" that customers can visit, though purchases are shipped. Bonobos was valued at $300 million in 2014, according to Recode. Wal-Mart has made a number of fashion acquisitions in recent months, including women's retailer ModCloth and online outdoor retailer, Moosejaw. Wal-Mart shares are up 6.3% for the past year while the S&P 500 index SPX, -0.68% is up 11.8% for the same period. Quote References WMT -0.29 -0.39% SPX -15.98 -0.68% Most Popular Why American men may have less luck finding a job than women U.S. drops ‘MOAB,’ a ‘Mother of All Bombs,’ in Afghanistan United Airlines’ bad week cost Buffett and other investors millions How the Trump stock market ranks as he approaches his 100th day in office Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $73.15 -0.29 (-0.39%) Volume 5.2M Open $73.37 High $73.66 Low $73.15 P/E Ratio 16.66 Div Yield 2.79 Market Cap 221.9B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,328.95 -15.98 (-0.68%) Volume 1.8B Open 2,342 High 2,348 Low 2,329 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Under Armour's CEO is paid the salary of a Walmart worker — but he's found another way to get rich Hayley Peterson Apr. 14, 2017, 12:02 PM 37,514 facebook linkedin twitter email print Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank.J. Meric/Getty Images Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank earns a yearly salary of about $26,000, which is about as much as that of a Walmart store employee. That may seem shockingly low for the chief executive of an $8 billion company, but Plank has found some other ways to get rich. Specifically, Plank owns more than 15% of Under Armour's outstanding shares, which are valued at more than $1.3 billion, according to a company proxy released Thursday. Additionally, businesses controlled by Plank are potentially benefitting from more than $73 million that Under Armour has paid to them in the last year. The payments include $2.4 million to lease a jet and a $6,500-an-hour helicopter owned by one of Plank's businesses, according to the proxy. Under Armour also paid $70.3 million to one of Plank's businesses last year for a piece of land it owned near the clothing brand's headquarters in Baltimore. Under Armour plans to use the land to expand its headquarters. Under Armour says Plank didn't make money on this purchase, however.  "He actually sold the land to the company at a loss," a company representative told Business Insider. "Moreover, this purchase is going to enable the company to develop a headquarters campus that can support the company's long-term growth plans. The company followed a thorough process in reviewing and negotiating the transaction, using independent advisors, including Ernst & Young, with close oversight of the company's Audit Committee to ensure the transaction was fair to the company and free of any potential conflicts." The Wall Street Journal previously reported on the proxy. Under Armour also plans to use a hotel owned by Plank and his brother, Scott Plank, for business purposes, the company said in the filing. The hotel, in Baltimore, opened in March. "We have negotiated corporate rate discounts for use of the hotel with the management company, consistent with rates otherwise available for comparable hotels in the area," the company said. For all the other transactions involving Plank's businesses, Under Armour says it used an independent outside party to appraise the fair market value of the transaction. In other words, the company tried to make sure it wasn't paying more than it would otherwise to do business with Plank's businesses. Under Armour's dealings with Plank's businesses come to light as the company's shares have gotten hammered. They've fallen 30% since the beginning of the year, after news that revenue growth contracted sharply in the most recent quarter after years of explosive gains. The company's net revenue still rose about 12%, to $1.31 billion, in the fourth quarter, but that was its slowest sales growth in eight years. Analysts had expected revenue of $1.41 billion. SEE ALSO: Chipotle is quietly raising prices during its worst time in history NOW WATCH: People are outraged by a Pepsi ad starring Kendall Jenner — here's how the company responded Loading video... More: Retail Under Armour Shopping Sports athletic apparel Apparel facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Under Armour's CEO is paid the salary of a Walmart worker — but he's found another way to get rich Under Armour's CEO is paid the salary of a Walmart worker — but he's found another way to get rich Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank earns a yearly... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Foreign policy star Anne-Marie Slaughter: the 2 key lessons that helped me most in my career More "Idea Factory" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Baton Rouge New Orleans Acadiana Weekly Circulars N.O. Home News Business Communities Courts Crime/Police Education Environment State Politics Weather/Traffic Sports Saints LSU High Schools Tulane Pelicans Scott Rabalais Horse Racing Baby Cakes Entertainment/Life Arts Books Comics Crossword Festivals Food/Restaurants Health/Fitness Home/Garden Ian McNulty Keith Spera Mardi Gras Movies/TV Music Nell Nolan Smiley Anders Steven Forster Calendar Games Opinion Walt Handelsman Stephanie Grace James Gill Our Views Mark Ballard Jeff Sadow Letters Subscribe Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Homes Wheels Games Baton Rouge New Orleans Acadiana Weekly Circulars Toggle navigation 71° N.O. Home News Business Communities Crescent City East Jefferson St. Tammany West Bank Courts Crime/Police Education Environment State Politics Legislature Elections Weather/Traffic Sports Saints LSU High Schools Tulane Pelicans Scott Rabalais Horse Racing Baby Cakes Entertainment/Life Arts Books Comics Crossword Festivals Food/Restaurants Health/Fitness Home/Garden Ian McNulty Keith Spera Mardi Gras Movies/TV Music Nell Nolan Smiley Anders Steven Forster Calendar Games Opinion Walt Handelsman Stephanie Grace James Gill Our Views Mark Ballard Jeff Sadow Letters Subscribe Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Homes Wheels Games St. Tammany police and courts Farmer staff report John H Walker Apr 13, 2017 - 2:31 pm (…) Ponchatoula man dies in parking lot accident Donald Wilburn Leavelle, 66, of Ponchatoula, was killed April 6 when his friend, who had brought him to the Covington Wal-Mart, accidentally hit him with his truck as he was leaving the parking lot, according to Covington police. Leavelle, who had been recently discharged from the hospital and was still weak, was dropped off near the entrance of the store by his 60-year-old friend so he wouldn't have to walk far. The driver failed to notice that Leavelle had turned around and walked back toward the vehicle and was reaching for something in the truck's bed. As he neared the side of the truck, one of the truck’s dual rear wheels struck Leavelle, knocking him to the ground and under the rear wheels. The driver, who was driving away, saw Leavelle lying on the ground in his rearview mirror. Leavelle was taken to a local hospital and died from his injuries that same night, police said. No charges will be filed, the release said, calling the incident a tragic accident. Walter Reed gets 4 years, son gets probation Walter Reed, 70 the former St. Tammany and Washington Parish district attorney convicted on 18 counts of fraud last May, was seated to four years in prison by U.S. District Judge Eldon Fallon on April 5. Sentencing guidelines, which judges are not required to follow, called for a range of nine to 11 1/2 years for Reed. Reed’s son, Steven, 45, received five years’ probation after being found guilty on three counts. Guidelines called for him to serve between 18-24 months in prison. Reed, who will remain free on bond pending appeal, will have to pay restitution of $572,067 to the District Attorney’s Office as well as taxes he owes. He remains liable for a previously order forfeiture of nearly $600,000, although Fallon ruled he will not have to pay the forfeiture until he has exhausted all appeals. Port Marigny developers sue Mandeville council, members Drs. Marc and Mike Pittman, owners of the former Prestressed Concrete Plant site on the lakefront in Mandeville, filed suit April 7 in 22nd Judicial Court against the Mandeville City Council and its five members, claiming the council improperly denied them the opportunity to develop the site into an upscale development as mandated by city regulations. The Pittmans hoped to develop the long-vacant property into a new urbanism development called Port Marigny, designed by Steven Oubre, of Architects Southwest, and following guidelines specified in the city’s Comprehensive Land Use Regulations Ordinance. The suit alleges the council denied them the opportunity to build their project, even though their plans followed the law. The suit named the council as well as each council member, including David Ellis, Lauré Sica, John Keller, Michael Pulaski and Clay Madden. Only Keller voted in favor of the project on March 9. The plaintiffs note that they are prohibited by law from submitting a new plan for a year, although council members have suggested they would be willing to waive that rule. The suit asks the court to declare the council vote null and void and to rule that the Pittmans' plan satisfies the city's land use regulations — or, alternatively, to rule the land use ordinance is unconstitutionally vague and ambiguous. It also asks the court to find that the council's decision violated the state constitution by depriving the site of economically beneficial use. Man pleads guilty to conspiracy  A Napoleonville man who embezzled approximately $334,892 from Mandeville-based Beier Radio LLC, pleaded guilty April 7 to one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud. Maurice George, 45, on approximately 225 occasions, negotiated monetary payments of approximately $1,200 to $2,000 with "students," which he kept for himself, in exchange for endorsing and certifying their log books and for issuing DPS (Dynamic Positioning Systems) certificates of training from Beier Radio. In order to conceal his activities, George failed to create invoices for his illegal transactions and failed to have DPS students complete registration materials. According to the court documents, George was employed by Beier, which manufactured maritime electronics products including dynamic positioning systems. DPS is a maritime vessel computer system that automatically maintains a vessel’s position and heading by using position reference sensors and the vessel’s propellers and thrusters. Beier operated a DPS training center in Gray under the name "The Marine Training Institute." Beier’s Marine Training Institute provided technical and operational training courses for Beier customers. In 2007, George began working as an instructor for Beier Radio’s Marine Training Institute and taught DPS courses at Beier’s classroom facility. Typically, Beier charged tuition in the amount of $2,000 to $2,500 for courses. George instructed students to pay him directly by check made payable to himself. He also forged the signatures of various employees of Beier Radio on the training certificates. The indictment alleges George deposited the illegal payments into his personal checking account with ASI Federal Credit Union. The investigation determined the overwhelming majority of George’s students did actually attend the courses. George faces a maximum penalty of five years imprisonment, followed by up to three years of supervised release, and a $250,000 fine. U.S. District Judge Eldon E. Fallon set sentencing on July 20. Wrong-way motorist on Causeway had prior alcohol-related arrests Elena Svob, 23, no address provided, was arrested April 8 after going the wrong direction on the Lake Pontchartrain Causeway, according to Causeway Police. Causeway General Manager Carlton Dufrechou said Svob was traveling 63 miles per hour as she headed southbound in the northbound lane. Officers deployed spike strips at a crossover to deflate the tires on Svob's vehicle, causing it to slow down until police vehicles could box it in, according to a report from WWL. The arrest report said the officer who came into contact with Svob after the crash "observed glassy, bloodshot eyes, slurred speech and swaying. The report said the officer detected a strong odor of alcoholic beverage," according to WWL. Svob was booked into the St. Tammany Parish Jail on one count each of operating a vehicle while intoxicated, having an expired license plate and aggravated obstruction of a highway. It is not Svob’s first alcohol-related run-in with the law. On Nov. 12, 2013, a then 19-year-old Svob was arrested by the St. George, Utah, Police Department on charges of a minor consuming alcohol, providing false information and intoxication. According to mugshots.com, she was booked into the Washington County, Utah, jail and was released after posting bonds in the amount of $853. Olivia Matte to remain free on bond until trial Olivia Matte, 27, of Covington, accused of driving drunk and causing a crash last month on the Lake Pontchartrain Causeway last month that killed a 37-year-old Columbia, Mississippi, man, will remain free on bond while she awaits trial, despite an attempt by 22nd Judicial District Attorney Warren Montgomery to revoke her bail for an earlier DWI arrest. District Judge Reginald Badeaux issued the ruling April 10 after prosecutors argued Matte had violated terms of her probation on March 23 by driving with a suspended license, driving while intoxicated and causing the loss of a human life. James Blackmond, who was on his way to work, was killed, and his brother-in-law was injured. A Jefferson Parish magistrate commissioner had previously refused to increase her bail on the earlier arrest, instead but ordering her to submit to random drug screenings, to not drink or drive, and to wear a SCRAM bracelet, which monitors alcohol consumption through the skin. Instead of revocation, Badeaux ordered her to observe a 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. curfew, enforced by an ankle bracelet and said if she gets her driver’s license back, she will have to get an interlock device on her car. He also said if the Jefferson Parish court removes the requirement for the SCRAM bracelet, he would order one. Toddler killed in accident near Slidell A 17-month-old girl was struck and killed about 3:41 p.m. on April 10 in front of her grandmother's house near Slidell, according to the St. Tammany Parish Sheriff's Office. Capt. Daniel Seuzeneau said Koreyanna Kirsh apparently was playing outside when she ran under a box truck that was traveling east on East Forest Drive near Timbers Drive. The child died at the scene. The driver, 21-year-old Shae Fitzgerald, told responding deputies that he did not see the child. But when he saw a commotion at the house, he became alarmed and drove down the street about a block, calling police to make them aware as to what happened and his location. Seuzeneau said the driver was not speeding or operating his vehicle recklessly and impairment is not suspected, although a blood test was taken. No charges are expected to be filed, he said. Georgia man sentenced in Abita Springs child porn case Christopher Jamieson, 34, of Douglasville, Georgia, was sentenced April 5 to more than eight years in prison for receiving child pornography from an Abita Springs man who ran a pair of child-pornography websites with roughly 27,000 followers, according to federal court records. Jamieson previously pleaded guilty to knowingly receiving videos depicting the sexual exploitation of children from Jonathan Johnson, of Abita Springs, the administrator of the online child-pornography ring discovered in a 2013 federal probe. Jamieson and Johnson exchanged about 500 sexually explicit videos over a four-day span in May 2013, according to federal court records. His prosecution formed part of the massive child-pornography probe, spearheaded by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security, that by March 2014, had netted 25 arrests and 14 federal indictments. Mandeville Police fire officer following probe Mandeville Police Officer Becky White has been terminated after an investigation into an allegation that she was intoxicated in her police vehicle outside a Ponchatoula bar. Mandeville Police Chief Gerald Sticker said White was "terminated from the Mandeville Police Department concluding an internal affairs investigation concerning an off-duty incident in Ponchatoula on March 27, 2017.” White had been placed on administrative leave pending the results of the investigation. The Ponchatoula Police Department responded to a call shortly before midnight March 27 from the owner of Sophie's Bar on Louisiana 22, complaining that there was a woman sitting in her car in the parking lot, according to an incident report. Ponchatoula Police told The Farmer they called Mandeville Police and Sticker later confirmed they had got to Ponchatoula to pick up both White and her police unit. A video obtained by WWL-TV showed a shaky White being assisted from one vehicle to another when Mandeville officers arrived. COVINGTON POLICE BOOKINGS • Alisha Nicole Jackson, 33, 4628 N. Fuller Place, Baton Rouge, March 2, for failure to honor written promise to appear, theft/all other larceny/misdemeanor. • Adrien Lenell Berry, 38, 73311 Penn Mill Road, Covington, March 3 for issuing worthless checks/misdemeanor. • Stephen M. Lewis, 62, 306 E. Magee St., Covington, March 3 for contempt/failure to appear direct. • Artasia Rakel McDowell, 18, 1030 W. 31st Ave., Covington, March 4 for drug-free zone, possession of drug paraphernalia, possession/distribution of Schedule I narcotics and firearm present with controlled dangerous substance/ crime of violence. • Corrina Elizebeth Jones, 18, 83114 Lee Settlement Road, Folsom, March 4 for possession of drug paraphernalia, possession/distribution of Schedule I narcotics, drug-free zone and firearm present with controlled dangerous substance/crime of violence. • Jaivere Hennon Warren Garrett, 17, 83054 Hay Hollow Road, Folsom, March 4 for drug-free zone, firearm present with controlled dangerous substance/crime of violence, possession of drug paraphernalia and possession/distribution of Schedule I narcotics. • Robert W. Davison, 71, 27434 Hilltop Road, Folsom, March 4 for criminal mischief. • Averice Glen Craddock, 38, 811 River Oaks Drive, Covington, March 5 for aggravated burglary. • Chastity Renee Garrett, 19, 13185 Freds Road, Folsom, March 5 for drug-free zone, firearm present with controlled dangerous substance/crime of violence, possession of drug paraphernalia and possession/distribution of Schedule I narcotics. • Lauren R. McCright, 34, 73160 Hillcrest Blvd., Abita Springs, March 6 for failure to honor written promise to appear. • Matthew Frank Ventura, 28, 3990 Florida St., Mandeville, March 6 for theft of the assets of an aged person and unauthorized use of access card as theft/felony. • Antwain Lavon Alexander, 32, 909 W. 30th Ave., Covington, March 9 for hit and run/felony and contempt/failure to appear direct. • Darnell Brock, 26, 2104 Parker St., Franklinton, March 9 for fugitive warrant arrest. • Nace Vincent Garafola Jr., 34, 700 Parkview Blvd., Covington, March 9 for possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of marijuana, third offense. • Joshua Keith Jones, 29, 527 N. Pierce St., Covington, March 10 for fugitive warrant arrest. • Kristin Danielle Allchin, 20, 105 Cayman Cove, Mandeville, March 10 for simple burglary and principal to crime. • Mark Anthony Martin, 34, 61430 Magnolia St., Lacombe, March 11 for criminal mischief. • Janell Peri Armstrong, 17, 27443 Hilltop Court, Folsom, March 12 for simple possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia. • Madison Pearle Sharp, 18, 418 Depre St., Mandeville, March 13 for simple burglary and principal to crime. • Patrick Michael Goff, 19, 1334 Woodmere Drive, Mandeville, March 13 for simple burglary. • Tony Conrad Pierre, 47, 72354 Pansy St., Covington, March 15 for simple burglary and driving under suspension for DWI. • Austin Michael Hynes, 20, 16 Bleu Lake Drive, Covington, March 17 for defacing buildings. • Charlene Pierre Dillworth, 48, 1309 N. Buchanan St., Covington, March 19 for theft under 300 ordinance, contempt/failure to appear direct and theft/all other larceny/misdemeanor. • Dustin Falgout, 23, 79468 Jessie Hyatt Rd., Covington, March 19 for resisting an officer and disturbing the peace ordinance. • Ryan Lee Vincent, 21, 80277 Mae Fussell Road, Covington, March 19 for resisting an officer and disturbing the peace ordinance. • Charlene Pierre Dillworth, 48, 1309 N. Buchanan St., Covington, March 20 for fugitive warrant arrest and theft under 300 ordinance. • Roger J. Normand Jr., 29, 204 W. 11th Ave., Covington, March 20 for illegal possession of stolen things/felony. • Brenda Lynn, 66, 816 Lobelia Alley, Covington, March 21 for domestic abuse battery. • Chamu Gaines, 38, 816 Lobelia Alley, Covington, March 21 for resisting an officer and fugitive warrant arrest. • Austen Michael Lejeune, 20, 2110 Park Drive, Slidell, March 22 for theft over $500 and possession of Schedule II narcotics. • Christina Ann Groce, 30, 723 W. 24th Ave., Covington, March 22 for contempt/failure to appear direct and theft/all other larceny/misdemeanor. • Jules Devonte Bodden, 23, 2782 10th St., Slidell for theft over $500 and simple possession of marijuana. • Travis Louis Bourgeois, 35, 1111 Westwood Drive, Mandeville, March 22 for contempt/failure to appear direct. • Kendrell D. Hurd, 26, 1025 W. 29th Ave., Covington, March 23 for disturbing the peace ordinance. • Denis Jerome Deveer, 48, 513 N. Jackson St., Covington, March 24 for resisting an officer and stop sign/yield signs. • Robert James Laurent III, 26, 925 W. 31st Ave., Covington, March 27 for contempt/failure to appear direct. • Mary Ann Stogner, 49, 19396 Slimmer Road, Covington, March 28 for contempt/failure to appear direct. • Cathy Renee Jenkins, 46, 15456 Tchefuncte Drive, Covington, March 30 for theft of goods/misdemeanor, contempt/failure to appear direct and failure to honor written promise to appear.   John H Walker Follow John H Walker Close Get email notifications on John H Walker daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever John H Walker posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow John H Walker Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Load comments View comments Acts of the Legislature | Public Notices N.O. Legal Ads | Election Results Sections N.O. Home News Opinion Sports Entertainment/Life Services Classifieds Search Subscribe Advertise Submission Forms Help/Contact Us RSS Feeds Media Kit eEdition Careers Teacher's Link Our Sites Obituaries Jobs Celebrations Shop NIE Classifieds Homes Wheels Pets Archives Store Contact Information theneworleansadvocate.com 840 St. Charles Avenue New Orleans, LA 70130 Phone: 504-636-7400 News Tips: newstips@theadvocate.com Other questions: subscriberservices@theadvocate.com © Copyright 2017 The Advocate, 10705 Rieger Rd. Baton Rouge, LA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
null
South Florida Deals Freebie Friday: Free Target and Starbucks gift cards, claim Tax Day freebies Claim your Tax Day freebies and dining deals on Tuesday Getting freebies and dining deals is EZ on Tax Day, which is Tuesday, April 18. Getting freebies and dining deals is EZ on Tax Day, which is Tuesday, April 18. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel It's Freebie Friday: The Easter edition Privacy Policy Today's massive roundup of freebies includes free gift cards! Get a free $10 gift card at Target with a $50 grocery purchase, which will come in handy for Easter feasts. Plus, get a free $5 Starbucks gift with purchase using Apple Pay. It's going to be a beautiful weekend, so head to Everglades National Park or Shark Valley and get free entry on Saturday and Sunday to celebrate National Park Week. Also, check my long list of freebies and dining deals for Tax Day on Tuesday, when federal income taxes are due. A few deals are good now. Happy Easter and Passover and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. FREEBIES Free $10 Target gift card with grocery purchase (good at Publix, too!) Free $5 Starbucks gift card with purchase using Apple Pay Free $20 Victoria's Secret gift card; expires Monday Free $10 gift cards with Publix rewards programs Free entry at Everglades National Park and Shark Valley on Saturday and Sunday Free dessert with purchase at Brio Tuscan Grille Free Slurpees with purchase at 7-Eleven; expires Sunday Freebies and ticket deals for 2017 Miaimi Marlins season Free kids meals at IHOP Freebies and dining deals for Tax Day on Tuesday Free kids meals for Easter at participating Applebee's on Sunday Free $13 Shea Butter kit from L'Occitane Penny Big Macs and Quarter Pounders at McDonald's on Tuesday Free $10 Target gift card with grocery purchase (good at Publix, too!) Doreen Christensen Just in time for Easter, use a coupon to get a free $10 Target gift card with grocery purchase. The coupon, good with a $50 food or beverage purchase, is printed on Page 39 of this week's Target circular that was inserted in the April 9  Sun Sentinel. Or, get the coupon in the free Target Cartwheel... Just in time for Easter, use a coupon to get a free $10 Target gift card with grocery purchase. The coupon, good with a $50 food or beverage purchase, is printed on Page 39 of this week's Target circular that was inserted in the April 9  Sun Sentinel. Or, get the coupon in the free Target Cartwheel... (Doreen Christensen) Free 90-day membership, $5 off coupon at BJ's Wholesale Club Free $150 income tax preparation through Tuesday Free Gear VR with preorder of Samsung Galaxy S8; expires April 20 Free pretzel at Auntie Anne's Free $5 gift card at Starbucks; expires April 30 Free waxing from European Wax Center Free Easter photos, crafts at Bass Pro Shops through Sunday Free 6-month Google Express with code GETDELIVERY Free document shredding from Office Depot; expires April 29 Free movie Ticket Twosdays from AT&T at Cinemark, AMC and Regal Free vintage "Wartime Recipes" cookbook from Sun-Maid Raisins Free 1-year Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free water bottle, cinch sack from Jolly Time Popcorn Free burger with text signup at Checkers  Free spring Walmart Beauty Box with $5 shipping Free Disney Family printed decal Free Noosa yogurt Free 4-inch sub with app download at Quiznos Free side salad with app download at Blaze Fast Fire'd Pizza Free entree with purchase at Olive Garden Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free Scholastic children's books with purchase from Kellogg's Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Penny deal on Big Macs and Quarter Pounders at McDonald's on Tax Day Doreen Christensen McDonald's is giving you a tax break on Tuesday. Buy one Big Mac or Quarter Pounder with Cheese and get one for a penny at McDonald's on April 18, which is the day Federal Income Tax returns are due. No coupon is necessary and you can mix and match the burgers. The promotion is good at participating... McDonald's is giving you a tax break on Tuesday. Buy one Big Mac or Quarter Pounder with Cheese and get one for a penny at McDonald's on April 18, which is the day Federal Income Tax returns are due. No coupon is necessary and you can mix and match the burgers. The promotion is good at participating... (Doreen Christensen) Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free $12 movie ticket from General Mills; expires Oct. 31 Free 1-hour GoGo In-Flight Wi-Fi, texting for T-Mobile customers Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free Wetlands coloring book from U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free 1 month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free hamburgers, movie discounts at Johnny Rockets Free movies on Vudu Movies on Us streaming service Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free $5 Starbucks bonus using Apple Pay Doreen Christensen Attention iPhone users! Get a free $5 Starbucks bonus with purchase using Apple Pay. Get the freebie for yourself by sending a minimum $5 Starbucks gift via  iMessage using the Starbucks app and paying with Apple Pay. Users must have iPhone 5S or above running at least iOS 10.2.1 (Visit the link... Attention iPhone users! Get a free $5 Starbucks bonus with purchase using Apple Pay. Get the freebie for yourself by sending a minimum $5 Starbucks gift via  iMessage using the Starbucks app and paying with Apple Pay. Users must have iPhone 5S or above running at least iOS 10.2.1 (Visit the link... (Doreen Christensen) Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Sun-Maid cookbook Free updated Jiffy Mix recipe book Free downloadable Gooseberry Patch Circle of Friends Cookbook Free Angie's List membership Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Walmart Vision Centers 2017 Tax Day freebies and dining deals on Tuesday Doreen Christensen Nothing is certain but death, taxes and freebies on Tax Day, which is on Tuesday, April 18. Your taxes may be complicated, but getting free stuff is EZ with my Tax Day roundup. Here's to many happy returns! AARP: Free tax prep for seniors from Tax-Aide.Bob Evans: Coupon for 30 percent off entire... Nothing is certain but death, taxes and freebies on Tax Day, which is on Tuesday, April 18. Your taxes may be complicated, but getting free stuff is EZ with my Tax Day roundup. Here's to many happy returns! AARP: Free tax prep for seniors from Tax-Aide.Bob Evans: Coupon for 30 percent off entire... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot $3.50 off at Ulta Beauty; expires Saturday $10 off Amazon Warehouse Deals with code EARTH10 $10 off at HoneyBakes Ham; expires Saturday $10 off at Beall's Florida; expires Saturday 20 percent off at Macy's; expires Sunday $5 off a ham at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires Sunday $5 off at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership; expires June 30 $10 off at JC Penney; expires Saturday $10 off at Lane Bryant by texting MOBILE to 552255 40 percent off at Michaels; expires Saturday 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Saturday $10 off men's apparel at Kohl's; expires April 15 50 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric; expires April 26 $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $20 off at Festival Flea Market Mall; expires Friday $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen's Deals: 10 tips to score the cheapest airfare on spring/summer travel Doreen Christensen Panicked deal seekers have been asking me how to get bargain airfares during spring break. Sorry, but they’ve missed their cheap flights. Planning is always the key to saving the most, no matter what you’re shopping for. The time to nab hot deals on spring jaunts was a couple months ago. That’s... Panicked deal seekers have been asking me how to get bargain airfares during spring break. Sorry, but they’ve missed their cheap flights. Planning is always the key to saving the most, no matter what you’re shopping for. The time to nab hot deals on spring jaunts was a couple months ago. That’s... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS Free income tax preparation valued at $150 through Tuesday 10 tips to score the cheapest airfare for spring/summer travel Spring cleaning: Bust grime with DIY cleaning products that cost pennies to make Wawa opens three South Florida locations Winn-Dixie replaces Fuelperks! with Plenti rewards AmazonFresh delivering fresh groceries to South Florida doorsteps Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers new unlimited data plan Publix not offering free samples in South Florida delis? That's baloney Earn gift cards galore with three new Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters How to save $1,400 a year with the 52-Week Money Challenge How to easily save more energy to lower FPL power bills Sip craft brews, wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Palm Beach socialite shares thrift-store shopping secrets Kids eat free at IHOP Doreen Christensen Round up your clan and head to IHOP where kids can eat free.The chain is offering free meals for kids 12 and under with each purchase of an adult entree. No coupon is necessary. IHOP has introduced a new Jr. Cupcake Pancake combo to menus, which  includes Jr. Chicken and Waffles and a Funny Face... Round up your clan and head to IHOP where kids can eat free.The chain is offering free meals for kids 12 and under with each purchase of an adult entree. No coupon is necessary. IHOP has introduced a new Jr. Cupcake Pancake combo to menus, which  includes Jr. Chicken and Waffles and a Funny Face... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Auntie Anne's: Free pretzel; expires April 26 Checkers: Free burger with text signup BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse: $10 off; expires April 23 Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Moe's Southwest Grill: Free queso and burrito Olive Garden: Free entree with purchase Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase with email signup Starbucks: Free $5 gift with purchase through Apple Pay T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers Visit Everglades National Park for free in April Explore Shark Valley by tram or bike the 15-mile loop road with free entry on April 15-16 and April 22-23 to celebrate National Park Week.     Explore Shark Valley by tram or bike the 15-mile loop road with free entry on April 15-16 and April 22-23 to celebrate National Park Week.     See more videos FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO Free entry at Everglades National Park in on Saturday and Sunday Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays and Sundays Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Free Legoland annual pass for Florida teachers Doreen Christensen Florida teachers can get a free one-year pass to Legoland Florida. Teachers for grades K-12 are eligible for the free Standard Annual Pass to the 150-acre Winter Haven theme Park with rides, restaurants and a water park. The pass also includes free entry to The Orlando Eye, Madame Tussauds and... Florida teachers can get a free one-year pass to Legoland Florida. Teachers for grades K-12 are eligible for the free Standard Annual Pass to the 150-acre Winter Haven theme Park with rides, restaurants and a water park. The pass also includes free entry to The Orlando Eye, Madame Tussauds and... (Doreen Christensen) SPRING TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Spring travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Hotel, travel discounts from Convention & Visitor Bureaus in 100 cities Free admission, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Specials, freebies from Miami Convention and Visitors Bureau Spring savings from Discover the Palm Beaches Freebies and deals for Florida residents from Sunny.org Special offers, deals and discounts at Walt Disney World Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, South Florida Publix Super Markets Inc. Busch Gardens Orlando The Home Depot Dunkin' Brands Legoland California Apple TV 7-Eleven Happy Freebie Friday! Events Eating Drinking Music Party Pics Theater + Arts Gay & Lesbian Best of SFL 74°
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free Target and Starbucks gift cards, claim Tax Day freebies Claim your Tax Day freebies and dining deals on Tuesday Getting freebies and dining deals is EZ on Tax Day, which is Tuesday, April 18. Getting freebies and dining deals is EZ on Tax Day, which is Tuesday, April 18. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel It's Freebie Friday: The Easter edition Privacy Policy Today's massive roundup of freebies includes free gift cards! Get a free $10 gift card at Target with a $50 grocery purchase, which will come in handy for Easter feasts. Plus, get a free $5 Starbucks gift with purchase using Apple Pay. It's going to be a beautiful weekend, so head to Everglades National Park or Shark Valley and get free entry on Saturday and Sunday to celebrate National Park Week. Also, check my long list of freebies and dining deals for Tax Day on Tuesday, when federal income taxes are due. A few deals are good now. Happy Easter and Passover and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. FREEBIES Free $10 Target gift card with grocery purchase (good at Publix, too!) Free $5 Starbucks gift card with purchase using Apple Pay Free $20 Victoria's Secret gift card; expires Monday Free $10 gift cards with Publix rewards programs Free entry at Everglades National Park and Shark Valley on Saturday and Sunday Free dessert with purchase at Brio Tuscan Grille Free Slurpees with purchase at 7-Eleven; expires Sunday Freebies and ticket deals for 2017 Miaimi Marlins season Free kids meals at IHOP Freebies and dining deals for Tax Day on Tuesday Free kids meals for Easter at participating Applebee's on Sunday Free $13 Shea Butter kit from L'Occitane Penny Big Macs and Quarter Pounders at McDonald's on Tuesday Free $10 Target gift card with grocery purchase (good at Publix, too!) Doreen Christensen Just in time for Easter, use a coupon to get a free $10 Target gift card with grocery purchase. The coupon, good with a $50 food or beverage purchase, is printed on Page 39 of this week's Target circular that was inserted in the April 9  Sun Sentinel. Or, get the coupon in the free Target Cartwheel... Just in time for Easter, use a coupon to get a free $10 Target gift card with grocery purchase. The coupon, good with a $50 food or beverage purchase, is printed on Page 39 of this week's Target circular that was inserted in the April 9  Sun Sentinel. Or, get the coupon in the free Target Cartwheel... (Doreen Christensen) Free 90-day membership, $5 off coupon at BJ's Wholesale Club Free $150 income tax preparation through Tuesday Free Gear VR with preorder of Samsung Galaxy S8; expires April 20 Free pretzel at Auntie Anne's Free $5 gift card at Starbucks; expires April 30 Free waxing from European Wax Center Free Easter photos, crafts at Bass Pro Shops through Sunday Free 6-month Google Express with code GETDELIVERY Free document shredding from Office Depot; expires April 29 Free movie Ticket Twosdays from AT&T at Cinemark, AMC and Regal Free vintage "Wartime Recipes" cookbook from Sun-Maid Raisins Free 1-year Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free water bottle, cinch sack from Jolly Time Popcorn Free burger with text signup at Checkers  Free spring Walmart Beauty Box with $5 shipping Free Disney Family printed decal Free Noosa yogurt Free 4-inch sub with app download at Quiznos Free side salad with app download at Blaze Fast Fire'd Pizza Free entree with purchase at Olive Garden Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free Scholastic children's books with purchase from Kellogg's Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Penny deal on Big Macs and Quarter Pounders at McDonald's on Tax Day Doreen Christensen McDonald's is giving you a tax break on Tuesday. Buy one Big Mac or Quarter Pounder with Cheese and get one for a penny at McDonald's on April 18, which is the day Federal Income Tax returns are due. No coupon is necessary and you can mix and match the burgers. The promotion is good at participating... McDonald's is giving you a tax break on Tuesday. Buy one Big Mac or Quarter Pounder with Cheese and get one for a penny at McDonald's on April 18, which is the day Federal Income Tax returns are due. No coupon is necessary and you can mix and match the burgers. The promotion is good at participating... (Doreen Christensen) Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free $12 movie ticket from General Mills; expires Oct. 31 Free 1-hour GoGo In-Flight Wi-Fi, texting for T-Mobile customers Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free Wetlands coloring book from U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free 1 month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free hamburgers, movie discounts at Johnny Rockets Free movies on Vudu Movies on Us streaming service Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free $5 Starbucks bonus using Apple Pay Doreen Christensen Attention iPhone users! Get a free $5 Starbucks bonus with purchase using Apple Pay. Get the freebie for yourself by sending a minimum $5 Starbucks gift via  iMessage using the Starbucks app and paying with Apple Pay. Users must have iPhone 5S or above running at least iOS 10.2.1 (Visit the link... Attention iPhone users! Get a free $5 Starbucks bonus with purchase using Apple Pay. Get the freebie for yourself by sending a minimum $5 Starbucks gift via  iMessage using the Starbucks app and paying with Apple Pay. Users must have iPhone 5S or above running at least iOS 10.2.1 (Visit the link... (Doreen Christensen) Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Sun-Maid cookbook Free updated Jiffy Mix recipe book Free downloadable Gooseberry Patch Circle of Friends Cookbook Free Angie's List membership Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Walmart Vision Centers 2017 Tax Day freebies and dining deals on Tuesday Doreen Christensen Nothing is certain but death, taxes and freebies on Tax Day, which is on Tuesday, April 18. Your taxes may be complicated, but getting free stuff is EZ with my Tax Day roundup. Here's to many happy returns! AARP: Free tax prep for seniors from Tax-Aide.Bob Evans: Coupon for 30 percent off entire... Nothing is certain but death, taxes and freebies on Tax Day, which is on Tuesday, April 18. Your taxes may be complicated, but getting free stuff is EZ with my Tax Day roundup. Here's to many happy returns! AARP: Free tax prep for seniors from Tax-Aide.Bob Evans: Coupon for 30 percent off entire... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot $3.50 off at Ulta Beauty; expires Saturday $10 off Amazon Warehouse Deals with code EARTH10 $10 off at HoneyBakes Ham; expires Saturday $10 off at Beall's Florida; expires Saturday 20 percent off at Macy's; expires Sunday $5 off a ham at BJ's Wholesale Club; expires Sunday $5 off at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership; expires June 30 $10 off at JC Penney; expires Saturday $10 off at Lane Bryant by texting MOBILE to 552255 40 percent off at Michaels; expires Saturday 20 percent off at Kohl's; expires Saturday $10 off men's apparel at Kohl's; expires April 15 50 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric; expires April 26 $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $20 off at Festival Flea Market Mall; expires Friday $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen's Deals: 10 tips to score the cheapest airfare on spring/summer travel Doreen Christensen Panicked deal seekers have been asking me how to get bargain airfares during spring break. Sorry, but they’ve missed their cheap flights. Planning is always the key to saving the most, no matter what you’re shopping for. The time to nab hot deals on spring jaunts was a couple months ago. That’s... Panicked deal seekers have been asking me how to get bargain airfares during spring break. Sorry, but they’ve missed their cheap flights. Planning is always the key to saving the most, no matter what you’re shopping for. The time to nab hot deals on spring jaunts was a couple months ago. That’s... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS Free income tax preparation valued at $150 through Tuesday 10 tips to score the cheapest airfare for spring/summer travel Spring cleaning: Bust grime with DIY cleaning products that cost pennies to make Wawa opens three South Florida locations Winn-Dixie replaces Fuelperks! with Plenti rewards AmazonFresh delivering fresh groceries to South Florida doorsteps Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers new unlimited data plan Publix not offering free samples in South Florida delis? That's baloney Earn gift cards galore with three new Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters How to save $1,400 a year with the 52-Week Money Challenge How to easily save more energy to lower FPL power bills Sip craft brews, wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Palm Beach socialite shares thrift-store shopping secrets Kids eat free at IHOP Doreen Christensen Round up your clan and head to IHOP where kids can eat free.The chain is offering free meals for kids 12 and under with each purchase of an adult entree. No coupon is necessary. IHOP has introduced a new Jr. Cupcake Pancake combo to menus, which  includes Jr. Chicken and Waffles and a Funny Face... Round up your clan and head to IHOP where kids can eat free.The chain is offering free meals for kids 12 and under with each purchase of an adult entree. No coupon is necessary. IHOP has introduced a new Jr. Cupcake Pancake combo to menus, which  includes Jr. Chicken and Waffles and a Funny Face... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Auntie Anne's: Free pretzel; expires April 26 Checkers: Free burger with text signup BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse: $10 off; expires April 23 Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Moe's Southwest Grill: Free queso and burrito Olive Garden: Free entree with purchase Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase with email signup Starbucks: Free $5 gift with purchase through Apple Pay T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers Visit Everglades National Park for free in April Explore Shark Valley by tram or bike the 15-mile loop road with free entry on April 15-16 and April 22-23 to celebrate National Park Week.     Explore Shark Valley by tram or bike the 15-mile loop road with free entry on April 15-16 and April 22-23 to celebrate National Park Week.     See more videos FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO Free entry at Everglades National Park in on Saturday and Sunday Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays and Sundays Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Free Legoland annual pass for Florida teachers Doreen Christensen Florida teachers can get a free one-year pass to Legoland Florida. Teachers for grades K-12 are eligible for the free Standard Annual Pass to the 150-acre Winter Haven theme Park with rides, restaurants and a water park. The pass also includes free entry to The Orlando Eye, Madame Tussauds and... Florida teachers can get a free one-year pass to Legoland Florida. Teachers for grades K-12 are eligible for the free Standard Annual Pass to the 150-acre Winter Haven theme Park with rides, restaurants and a water park. The pass also includes free entry to The Orlando Eye, Madame Tussauds and... (Doreen Christensen) SPRING TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Spring travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Hotel, travel discounts from Convention & Visitor Bureaus in 100 cities Free admission, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Specials, freebies from Miami Convention and Visitors Bureau Spring savings from Discover the Palm Beaches Freebies and deals for Florida residents from Sunny.org Special offers, deals and discounts at Walt Disney World Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Publix Super Markets Inc. The Home Depot Legoland California Dunkin' Brands Busch Gardens Orlando Apple TV H. Norman Schwarzkopf Happy Freebie Friday! All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 74°
News Sports Business Real Estate Alert 75° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu Alert 75° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is taking public comment on a conservation plan to allow the construction of a shopping center and 900 apartments on rare pine rockland near Zoo Miami until May 22. Tim Chapman Miami Herald Staff Environment April 14, 2017 6:30 AM Got an opinion about the Walmart in pine rockland? Two meetings coming up By Jenny Staletovich jstaletovich@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Controversial plans to build a Walmart-anchored shopping center and apartments in a rare tract of pine rockland are on the agenda for two upcoming meetings. On Tuesday, Miami-Dade Mayor Carlos Gimenez will update commissioners on a recently released conservation plan during the board’s regular meeting. The public can comment at 9:30 a.m. A week later, critics will host a forum, prompted after federal wildlife officials said they would convene an online webinar but not host a public meeting. The conservation plan, released earlier this month following nearly three years of surveys and revisions, is now being considered by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service. The Service is accepting comments online at crc_hcp@fws.gov and by mail through May 22. The project, a 289,000-square foot shopping center and 900 apartments on a 138-acre patch of the disappearing forest near Zoo Miami triggered angry protests when plans surfaced more than three years ago after the University of Miami sold the land. The land sits on the largest remaining tract of rockland outside Everglades National Park and has long been targeted by environmentalists for conservation. The forest can only be found in parts of Miami-Dade County and the Keys, is considered globally imperiled and is home to at least eight different endangered species. Tropical Audubon will host the April 25 meeting, which begins at 6 p.m. at the Deering Estate in Cutler Bay. Follow Jenny Staletovich on Twitter @jenstaletovich LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Florida divers swim with massive whale shark 1:33 a day ago Florida divers swim with massive whale shark 0:59 4 days ago Nelson calls for end to attacks on climate science 2:14 7 days ago Florida Forest Service talks about efforts to contain Holiday Fire View More Video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Politics (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the latest news on national, state and local politics. View all newsletters Environment Water shortage warning issued for South Florida Florida Senate agrees to give Everglades a 78-billion gallon drink of cleaner water Flesh-eating fly outbreak that infested rare Key deer is over, feds say Florida issues tips to residents for ‘living with alligators’ After this, Wagner Creek in Miami won’t be Florida’s dirtiest waterway any more Environment Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Police: Man distributed narcotics from motel - KAIT Jonesboro, AR - Region 8 News, weather, sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY - Home Recalls Trending Stories Slideshows Interactive Map: Influenza-like illness activity National Entertainment Terrorism around the world Strange Education News President Donald Trump Right This Minute Video Coverage Mobile Apps Available Stay in touch in Region 8 with breaking news and weather via Email VIDEO: Region 8 Showcase LOCAL Stories to make you happy Business - Money Watch CrimeStoppers - Politics Religion Today Technology Tracking Region 8 Pump Patrol WEATHER INTERACTIVE ALERTS MAP River Stages INTERACTIVE RADAR StormTRACK Doppler 8 Radar Window Farmers' Forecast SkyCAM Network Central Dealerships StormTracker SneezeCAST Region 8 News LIVE or Latest Weather and disaster coverage Mobile Apps Available Winter Weather Closings & Cancellations SPORTS FastBreak Friday Night NCAA tournament A-State Red Wolves Arkansas Razorbacks Region 8 Outdoors SEC Digital Network Video Video Health National healthcare debate Health Connections SneezeCAST Cold & Flu Mobile Apps Available LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style VideoBytes Press Releases TV KAIT-TV Programming Schedule NBC Region 8 - What's On ABC.com NBC.com Children's Television Act Compliance Mobile Apps Available COMMUNITY Region 8 Community Calendar Region 8 Eats Stay Focused and Drive Pledge Teacher of The Year - Scholarship Salute Take a Road Trip kait8.com Obituaries GR8 Acts of Kindness Region 8 Crime Watch Region 8 Pump Patrol Religion Today Energy Alert System Mobile Apps Available About Us KAIT Contact Info Meet Our News Team Contact Region 8 News Contact Our Sales Team Digital Sales Region 8 News LIVE or Latest KAIT Jobs KAIT 50th Anniversary: 1963-2013 Mobile Apps Available Contests GR8 Acts of Kindness - Promotion Rules Hoops Challenge 2017 - Official Promotion Rules Try This Drive - Official Promotion Rules Enter to Win a Barton's Weather Umbrella! GMR8 Birthday Club Police: Man distributed narcotics from motel 2017-04-14T01:59:30Z Posted by Allison Munn, Anchor - Reporter BioEmail Connect Biography amunn@kait8.com Follow @allisoncmunn Michael "Brad" Johnson (Source: Craighaed County Sheriff's Department) JONESBORO, AR (KAIT) - A Jonesboro man was arrested for allegedly distributing narcotics from an area motel. Agents from the 2nd Judicial District Drug Task Force received information that Michael "Brad" Johnson was distributing narcotics from the Scottish Inn motel, 3116 Mead Dr., in Jonesboro. Surveillance at the hotel showed Johnson walk back and forth between two hotel rooms with a man and woman before walking out to a maroon car in the parking lot. There, the three popped the hood of the car and started digging around in the engine compartment. When an agent approached the car and identified himself, Johnson "quickly grabbed a plastic Walmart sack, stuck his left hand inside his left pocket and concealed something into the Walmart sack." A probable cause affidavit states Johnson then tried to shove the bag into the engine. "I quickly gained control of Johnson and detained him for further investigation," court documents state. Inside the Walmart sack, the agent found approximately 3.6 grams of meth divided into 4 baggies. "Just under the plastic Walmart bag I observed a black sock stuffed down in the engine that had a large bulge in the bottom of the sock," the affidavit said. Inside the sock was another 13.8 grams of meth, a used meth pipe, a set of digital scales, and several individual plastic bags. Johnson was charged with possession of meth or cocaine with purpose to deliver, a Class A felony. He could face 6 to 30 years in prison and up to $15,000 fine if convicted. He also faces a Class D felony for possession of drug paraphernalia. His bond was set at $3,500. He's back in court May 30. Copyright 2017 KAIT. All rights reserved. Watch Region 8 News On Demand: On your Desktop | On your Mobile device Region 8 News App - Install or update on your: iPhone | Android Latest WiresMore>> National Stories National Tech stories from the AP wire Tech stories from the AP wire Technology stories from the Associated Press. Technology stories from the Associated Press. Strange Stories Strange News Health Stories Health Stories Political Stories from the Associated Press Political Stories from the Associated Press Get the latest news on national politics. Get the latest news on national politics.    Region 8 News</span><a class="customMoreLink" href="/Global/category.asp?C=4391" target="_top">More >></a>Region 8 NewsMore>> Butterfly Ranch opens faith-based restaurant Butterfly Ranch opens faith-based restaurant Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 11:51 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:51:18 GMT Updated: Saturday, April 15 2017 12:10 AM EDT2017-04-15 04:10:25 GMT (Source: KAIT) The Butterfly Ranch Women’s Center is adding more skills to their 10-month program through their new restaurant in Swifton. The Butterfly Ranch Women’s Center is adding more skills to their 10-month program through their new restaurant in Swifton. School raises money for NEA Race for the Cure School raises money for NEA Race for the Cure Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 11:27 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:27:49 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 11:37 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:37:55 GMT Pink for a Cure at Jonesboro Public Schools (Source: Jenna Stafford) The Jonesboro School District went “Pink for the Cure” on Friday to raise money for the Northeast Arkansas Komen Race for the Cure. The Jonesboro School District went “Pink for the Cure” on Friday to raise money for the Northeast Arkansas Komen Race for the Cure. The accidents were allegedly fake, the warrant was real The accidents were allegedly fake, the warrant was real Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 10:20 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:20:15 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 11:36 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:36:30 GMT Franchesica Williams (Source: Craighead County Sheriff's Department) She's already been accused of getting in minor car accidents just to get a check from the insurance companies. She's already been accused of getting in minor car accidents just to get a check from the insurance companies. Organization needs donations for backpack program Organization needs donations for backpack program Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 11:20 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:20:28 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 11:33 PM EDT2017-04-15 03:33:01 GMT (Source: KAIT) An organization in the Brookland School District is looking for more funding to keep their backpack program going through the rest of the school year. An organization in the Brookland School District is looking for more funding to keep their backpack program going through the rest of the school year. Message from friend turns out to be scam Message from friend turns out to be scam Posted: Friday, April 14 2017 10:17 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:17:31 GMT Updated: Friday, April 14 2017 10:55 PM EDT2017-04-15 02:55:29 GMT (Source: KAIT) Jonesboro police were called to an apartment on Thursday on a suspected case of fraud. Jonesboro police were called to an apartment on Thursday on a suspected case of fraud.    Slideshows in the NewsMore>> SLIDESHOW: America fills vacancy on Supreme Court Slideshow: Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch faces senators as he tries to become the newest member of the U.S. Supreme Court.  Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch faces senators as he tries to become the newest member of the U.S. Supreme Court.  Slideshow: MLB Opening Day 2017 Slideshow: MLB Opening Day 2017 The 2017 Major League Baseball season is under way. The 2017 Major League Baseball season is under way. SLIDESHOW: Region 8 Storm Damage, 3/25/17 SLIDESHOW: Region 8 Storm Damage, 3/25/17 Storm damage in Marmaduke (Source: Vicki Tyler) Here are pictures of storm damages submitted by viewers after overnight storms. Here are pictures of storm damages submitted by viewers after overnight storms. Slideshow: UK parliament shooting Slideshow: UK parliament shooting A shooting at the UK parliament has reportedly left two dead and others injured. (Source: storem/Flickr) A shooting at the UK parliament has reportedly left two dead and others injured. A shooting at the UK parliament has reportedly left two dead and others injured. Slideshow: Top 10 popular purebred dog breeds in the US Slideshow: Top 10 popular purebred dog breeds in the US Slideshow: Top 10 popular purebred dog breeds in the US The American Kennel Club announced the most popular purebred dog breeds in the United States. The top dog has held the position for 26 years. The American Kennel Club announced the most popular purebred dog breeds in the United States. The top dog has held the position for 26 years. Slideshow: The biggest upsets of the 2017 NCAA tournament Slideshow: The biggest upsets of the 2017 NCAA tournament If your bracket is in shambles, you can blame these teams. If your bracket is in shambles, you can blame these teams. SLIDESHOW: March snow Monday SLIDESHOW: March snow Monday (Source: Louis Haskett via Twitter) Snow fell once again in March on Monday morning in Region 8. Snow fell once again in March on Monday morning in Region 8. SLIDESHOW: Winter Weather Photos SLIDESHOW: Winter Weather Photos Posted: Saturday, March 11 2017 4:31 PM EST2017-03-11 21:31:59 GMT Updated: Saturday, March 11 2017 5:43 PM EST2017-03-11 22:43:54 GMT Here is a look at some weather photos from Region 8 viewers Saturday.  Here is a look at some weather photos from Region 8 viewers Saturday.  SLIDESHOW: Homes, businesses damaged as tornadoes hit KC area SLIDESHOW: Homes, businesses damaged as tornadoes hit KC area (Source: KCTV) Slideshow: Strong storms batter US midsection Slideshow: Strong storms batter US midsection Storms raked across the central U.S. Tuesday night, causing damage from Arkansas to Illinois. Storms raked across the central U.S. Tuesday night, causing damage from Arkansas to Illinois.    Can't Find Something? 472 CR 766 Jonesboro, AR 72401 (870) 931-8888 FCC Public File publicfile@kait8.com (870) 336-1817 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically chanting North Korean troops parade through Pyongyang for Kim Jong-un on 'Day of the Sun' amid threats of nuclear war with Trump Cops who Facebook live-streamed their day inclding bragging about 'shooting the sh** out of a dog,' dishing out 'a** whoopins' and their love of pulling people over are FIRED Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and the spinning table 'He's not a jerk!' Fiancée of stock broker who 'stopped dating hot women because they are full of themselves' defends her boyfriend Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the true nature of the love-hate relationship he had with tempestuous ex-wife Kim Basinger  Adding insult to injury: United did NOT take passenger's bags off his plane after he was dragged off - then sent his luggage to the WRONG address hundreds of miles from where he was hospitalized Delta approves offers of up to $10,000 to flyers who give up seats on overbooked flights after United scandal Mass panic at NYC's Penn Station during the Easter getaway as cops taser a suspect causing a STAMPEDE of passengers fearing he had a gun  Man sues gay dating app Grindr after more than a thousand men turn up looking for sex at his house and WORK after his ex-lover 'created a fake profile inviting men over' Arkansas judge blocks the 'conveyer belt of death' execution of seven death-row inmates in a month EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's a no-show and stays home with his brother's widow who is now his lover The off-cuty cop who tried to take down Pulse nightclub killer: Bodycam pictures reveal first desperate minutes of massacre Fears grow for Nordstrom employee, 28, after she failed to arrive at a doctors appointment and her car was found abandoned one day later  Tragedy as NFL star Todd Heap accidentally runs over and kills his three-year-old daughter Federal government reports deficit of $526 BILLION despite record-breaking income and payroll tax collection Actress tells how she was sexually assaulted and pushed onto subway tracks in terrifying ordeal inside Manhattan's West Village Could this missile one day nuke the west coast of America? Kim Jong Un unveils huge new ICBM at 'Day of the Sun' parade As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago without his chief of staff or some key advisors Special forces raid, missile strike, cyber warfare or MORE negotiations: Trump's choices for dealing with Kim Jong-un - but experts say there are NO good options He knows he can't win but it would be an unimaginable humiliation for him to back down: In a deadly game of dare, Kim Jong-un will take the suicide option, says MARK ALMOND  Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92 ISIS militants in Afghanistan... but terror group DENY any of their fighters died  'We will pulverize the headquarters of evil and ruthlessly ravage US troops': North Korea makes menacing boast it will take on Donald Trump with 'merciless' strikes on South Korea and US bases as China warns of 'war at any moment' 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the terrifying moment the US dropped the Mother Of All Bombs on ISIS terrorists  'I've rarely felt more fearful for the future': PETER OBORNE, the first journalist to visit the Syrian village hit by Trump's missiles, says peace has been set back years in a war where truth and logic have gone to hell  Previous Next 'Daddy, no matter what you’ve done we just want you to come home:' Family of teacher who kidnapped his 15-year-old student and disappeared speak out a month after they vanished Tad Cummins, 50, vanished with his 15-year-old student Elizabeth Thomas from Tennessee exactly a month ago on March 13 His 25-year-old daughter Erica Osborne urged her father to return home Wife Jill Cummins, who thought she had a perfect marriage, has filed for divorce She revealed husband had left her a note on the morning he disappeared, but district attorney said it was clearly a 'diversion' to mislead the investigation  Authorities are now asking pharmacy staff to be on the look out for the former teacher given he is due for a refill on blood pressure medication Cummins and Thomas were last spotted at a Oklahoma Walmart on March 15 The teacher is wanted by authorities on charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor  The pair had been seen kissing at the high school on January 23 By Dailymail.com Reporter Published: 23:22 EDT, 13 April 2017 | Updated: 11:45 EDT, 14 April 2017 e-mail 261 shares 92 View comments The family of Tad Cummins, a teacher who went missing with his 15-year-old student exactly one month ago, urged him to return home in a new interview. 'No matter where you are, Daddy, no matter what you've done we just want you to come home. We miss you so much,' Cummin's daughter, Erica Osborne said on ABC. She added: 'We're here for you, no matter what anytime, any place, anywhere.' The Tennessee teacher allegedly abducted Elizabeth Thomas on March 13, and the two, thought to be in a sexual relationship, were last spotted two days later. Their last confirmed sighting was at a Walmart in Oklahoma after they had both dyed their hair. Authorities have not yet been able to locate them despite a nationwide manhunt. Pharmacy staff across the country are now being asked to keep an eye out for Cummins, who is believed to be running out of his blood pressure medication.  Scroll down for video  Tad Cummin's daughter, Erica Osborne (above) urged her father to come home and said: 'We're here for you, no matter what anytime, any place, anywhere' His wife Jill Cummins revealed Tad had left her a note before his disappearance, but a district attorney said it was a 'diversion'. Pictured right, the teacher's other daughter Ashlee Conner The 50-year-old's wife Jill Cummins revealed her husband had left her a note before his disappearance, but she declined to disclose the message, citing the ongoing investigation. But Brent Cooper, the district attorney for Maury County, Tennessee, told WREG: 'It’s obvious that it was a diversion, just a way to try and buy some extra time and give us a false lead of what direction they might be going.' The note did not mention Thomas.  Jill Cummins, who has since filed for divorce, said: 'He was my everything, he was my best friend for 31 years. 'It was, to me, the perfect marriage. We had everything we ever wanted, two beautiful kids, beautiful grandkids, and I really truly believed that he loved me,' she said. Cummins (right) allegedly abducted Elizabeth Thomas (left) on March 13, and the two, thought to be in a sexual relationship, were last spotted two days later Cummins' other daughter Ashlee Conner, wanted to remind her father of Romans 8:28, a Bible verse she learned from him.  'There's one thing that he's reminded us for our entire life. And that's Romans 8:28, and that's, 'God uses all things for the glory of those that love the Lord and are called according to his purposes' and that means even this,' Conner said.  Thomas' father previously said Cummins misled his daughter to believe the health sciences teacher was a former intelligence officer living the high life. 'He convinced her that he had been a secret agent and ... that he had all kinds of money,' Anthony Thomas told HLN. 'It was clear that he had really put a lot of notions into her head.'  Her sister, meanwhile, fought back tears when she revealed Cummins had begun showing up unannounced at her sister's work shortly before the pair disappeared together, with his last visit just two days before the girl's abduction. 'She would go and tell people to tell him she wasn't there and she would go and hide until he left,' explained Sarah Thomas. 'She thought it was the only way. She felt uncomfortable.'  Authorities believe Thomas may have gone willingly with Cummins, who they say has been grooming her for sex for some time.  This image of Elizabeth was taken on March 13, the day she vanished. She appears to be holding a bundle of clothes With the two now on the run for a month, authorities say Cummins should be due for a refill on medication to control his blood pressure. Cooper toldABC News that pharmacists should be mindful of customers who look like Cummins or Thomas and alert authorities.  The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert for Elizabeth when she first disappeared.  Cummins is wanted by authorities on charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor.  On March 12, the day before they vanished, Cummins was spotted buying women's dark brown hair dye at a Tennessee Walmart. He also appeared to have bought men's toiletries. Days earlier, he took out a $4,500 loan and was also seen filling up his silver Nissan Rogue with gas on the day of their disappearance. Surveillance footage from a Walmart in Oklahoma two days after they vanished is the last confirmed sighting of the pair Cummins was spotted buying women's dark brown hair dye at a Tennessee Walmart the day before they vanished. He also appeared to have bought men's toiletries RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'I'm staying... you'll have to drag me': Passenger who was... 'I have a scar on my toe where he dug a drill into it':... Share this article Share Police believe Cummins, who Elizabeth has known for more than two years, brainwashed her into abandoning her family. Cummins was suspended from his teaching job at the time they disappeared. Another student claimed to have seen the pair kissing in Cummins' classroom back on January 23.  He was not officially fired by the school district until he disappeared with the girl on March 13.  Cummins had left a note for his wife Jill Cummins before he vanished with the teenager. Investigators have revealed they think the note was a diversion to throw them off the trail The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert for Elizabeth when she first disappeared     Read more: Ex-teacher in student kidnapping case may need medication, left note for wife - ABC News Family of former Tenn. teacher accused of kidnapping student: 'Daddy...we just want you to come home' - ABC News Amber Alert: Tad Cummins left note for wife, may need to refill medication | WREG.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 261 shares Most watched News videos Pentagon release footage of MOAB being dropped in Afghanistan Bad parker gets blocked by two Jeeps to teach him a lesson Muslim woman refuses to remove hijab for airport security in Rome US Air Force releases footage of the first MOAB bomb test FIRST EVER trailer unveiled for Star Wars: The Last Jedi Mega blast after Russia tests non-atomic 'Father Of All Bombs' 2007 Rapturous reception for Kim Jong Un opening residental complex Shocking moment a horse attacks an alligator in Florida 'Mother of all bombs' tested by the US military in 2003 'You have to drag me': David Dao just before United incident North Koreans unfazed by Trump ahead of 'Day of the Sun' UPS worker gets family out of house and puts out fire Hilarious moment two Jeep drivers get their own back on... Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the... 'You are not safe for us': Muslim woman films Rome... Putin’s ‘Father Of All Bombs’ is FOUR TIMES more powerful... Easter carnage as drunken revellers take advantage of the... Christians in Philippines nail themselves to crosses and... Shocking moment the roof of the world-famous Bellagio... Britain's prettiest streets are revealed with The... His and Hers jets, paid for with YOUR tax dollars:... Angry father 'chops off a 15-year-old boy's PENIS and... Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of... EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about... Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of... 'Security is really tight on campus so no worries at... The U.S. Mother Of All Bombs that killed 36 ISIS... EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details... 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens... Aaron Hernandez weeps as he is found NOT GUILTY in double... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 92 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'My baby and me after nap time': Janet Jackson shares adorable first photo of three-month-old son Eissa A week after split 'I love you so much': Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana posts amorous note after recent birth of their son and failed marriage Oops she did it again! Britney Spears shows off toned torso in hot pink bikini as she hits beach on Hawaiian vacation Another day in paradise  She's picture perfect! Ryan Reynolds takes candid snaps of wife Blake Lively including VERY close up shot of her chest Played photographer 'Thank you Luna!' Kim Kardashian gushes over 'cutest' Easter baskets given to her children from Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Was so grateful  Wigging out! Ariel Winter rocks magenta hairpiece and flashes lacy lingerie at H&M's Coachella tent Wore a pink ombré, hip-length hairpiece  'You stupid b***h!' Sugar Bear gets heated as he threatens Mama June with legal action to enforce visitation with their daughter Honey Boo Boo 'My daughter can't stand to be around her f***ing father!': Mama June has a showdown with Sugar Bear and his new wife A very heated argument Bikini babe! Shay Mitchell poses topless on pink swan as she gets ready for Coachella fun Made the most of her resort's pool Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the nature of the love-hate relationship he had with tempestuous ex-wife Kim Basinger  'My super chic mom': Kelly Ripa shares adorable Easter throwback photo as she and mother coordinate in white and yellow Mother-daughter pic  'Sculpting': Katy Perry shows off ultra trim figure during gym workout session in Instagram clip Star  is making sure to keep in tip-top shape Karrueche Tran flaunts her bodacious behind in nude-colored thong bikini for fun-filled beach day in Miami It was all fun in the sun  Table for five! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take kids out for relaxed dinner in Malibu She carried her youngest child Reign against her hip Highlighter-haired Kylie Jenner flashes Spanx in $39 PrettyLittleThing mini-dress at Palm Springs bash  Looking sensational for the music festival  FIRST LOOK: Carrie Fisher as General Leia in The Last Jedi revealed... as Disney confirms she will NOT be in Episode IX despite brother's claims Her final movie  'It can be difficult meeting your heroes': Daisy Ridley offers plot clues for The Last Jedi after trailer debuts at Star Wars Celebration Trailer unveiled The Weeknd, Sean 'Diddy' Combs and French Montana among surprise performers set to hit the stage at Coachella Big announcement  Ab fab! Serena Williams displays her chiseled figure in barely-there neon yellow bikini 'Just because' Tennis star showed off her incredible physique 'Coachella vibin'': Ashley Graham lounges topless by the pool in Palm Springs Ashley seemed ready for a weekend of relaxation at the festival  Cheers to freedom! Teresa Giudice toasts the good life on bikini break in Puerto Rico while husband Joe takes his turn behind bars  'Coachella Butterfly!' Paris Hilton flashes cleavage in plunging rainbow striped maxi dress as she attends star-studded music festival EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about his 'drug-fueled bromance' with Jack Nicholson, cheating on his wife and being left paralyzed  Letting her hair down! Kylie Jenner parties in Coachella without ex Tyga...as they both travel separately to music festival just days after split Hoopin' it up! Jimmy Fallon plays basketball as he films Saturday Night Live skit in NYC ahead of hosting first live coast-to-coast show ever Turned Up! Christina Milian flaunts toned legs in Daisy Dukes at PrettyLittleThing x PAPER magazine gala in Palm Springs Looked ready to party  His Wonderwall! Proud dad David Beckham shares video of son Cruz playing guitar... before downing uni shots together He's so proud  'Happy Easter': Candice Swanepoel shares adorable snaps of six-month-old son wearing knit bunny hat Clearly hopping mad about being a new mom Judge bars Jodie Sweetin's ex Justin Hodak from selling 'potentially embarrassing images or videos' of Fuller House actress She's just a girl! Gwen Stefani keeps it low-key in track jacket and jeans on shopping trip with son Apollo Out and about with her son  Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes svelte torso in skimpy ensemble as she parties at Coachella  A flirty bohemian chic crop top PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini boss! Rihanna parades around in tiny two-piece and sips wine after treating her staff to lavish work retreat in Mexico Juggling act! Zoe Saldana carries new born son Zen before taking a call on LA outing with husband Marco Perego The Avatar star  Ben Affleck 'preparing to move out of family guest house' as divorce from Jennifer Garner proceeds Is finalizing the end of their relationship  'Holy Boobies': Coco Austin flaunts her ample assets in plunging tight maxi dress on Instagram The wife of Ice-T wowed as usual  'Coachella ella': Shanina Shaik dons skimpy attire and Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage as stars arrive for desert music festival Led the star arrivals EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight, and threatened with a butcher knife... Ashley Graham reveals her shocking life story 'It's gettin real!': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share a smooch while posing proudly with pink cake they made for daughter Luna's 1st birthday Retail therapy! Kate Upton shops in eye-catching leopard print leggings in LA... after claiming 'this week just kicked my a**' Much-needed shopping Frail Yoko Ono, 83, raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats with a young man in her first public outing in months Vanessa Hudgens kicks off Coachella weekend by going topless poolside in Palm Springs Actress showcased her fit 5ft1in bikini body  Protesters who chased Ryan Lochte on Dancing With The Stars 'agree to pay $20K to stay out of jail' In what's known as a civil compromise  'New York vibes': Blac Chyna sports a red velvet tracksuit as she jets into the Big Apple for nightclub appearance A break from mum duty Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Beyonce jets off to Bora Bora with Jay Z for 'low key' holiday at private island Anniversary and babymoon 'You are pure love and joy!' Shannen Doherty pays birthday tribute to Sarah Michelle Gellar with sweet snap She just celebrated an Aries birthday herself What Prince George will wear on his first day at his new $22,000-a-year school - and how Kate will drive him there and back to 'give him normality'  Ready for anything! Eva Longoria brings wine and a pillow along for romantic getaway with husband José Bastón Spotted carrying a bottle of wine and fuzzy pillow Très chic! Jennifer Aniston keeps casually cool in long-line camel coat and shades as she enjoys a shopping trip with Justin Theroux in Paris Paris Jackson enjoys family dinner with brother Blanket... after sharing her fears he had been left to live alone Siblings spent quality time together The wedding is in five weeks - so how rotten that Pippa Middleton's fiance has had to swallow a $463,000 pay cut as profits at his hedge fund firm slump  The angels have landed at Coachella! Alessandra Ambrosio, Jasmine Tookes and Romee Strijd live it up at the Victoria's Secret 'oasis' Makeup-free Amy Adams looks relaxed in casual chic as she enjoys day out with husband and daughter Slowing down to enjoy  time off with her family  All bundled up! Hilary Duff throws denim jacket over colorful hoodie out and about in New York City Didn't take any chances with the weather 'She would work her butt off': Cate Blanchett used Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer while she filmed new Marvel movie Thor: Ragnarok Plays new villain  Harry Styles' first solo single scores number one spot in the charts... but 'still only achieves half the opening week success of Zayn Malik's debut' 'Everything is going to be ok!': Sandra Bullock donates $5,000 to Beverly Hills Hotel's former pool manager after he falls on hard times 'Life is not a movie set!' Rob Lowe's sons Matthew and John Owen tell Ellen about life with their 'manchild' father Actor got an earful from his kids Cristiano Ronaldo says a German magazine's claims he paid $375,000 to a woman who accused him of rape is 'a piece of fiction' Der Spiegel made claim Cristiano Ronaldo 'uses padding to make his package look bigger', model Elisa De Panicis claims after the pair spent time together in Ibiza 'My boobs are gone': The Bachelor star Lesley Murphy, 29, recovers in hospital bed after double mastectomy Her mom had cancer  Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter sugar-rich Nutella PICTURED: Pearl Mackie's anticipated debut as Peter Capaldi's assistant... as the rising star says it is 'about time' Doctor Who featured a gay character Lucky brake! James Corden narrowly misses being hit by a truck after viewing a house under construction with his wife Julia in LA Close call  Working it! Nicole Murphy displays her flawless figure in a sports bra as she she exercises in the heat Added some pizzazz with an array of jewels 'Oh no!': Cara Delevingne debuts colourful pixie crop as she chops off her locks while filming new drama Life In A Year Joked 'Oh No1!' 'She's the best parts of the both of us': Chrissy Teigen shares beautiful family portrait with husband John Legend for daughter Luna's first birthday Mom-of-two Natalie Portman looks slim and trim as she enjoys a hike with a pal near LA... just two months after giving birth to daughter Amalia I will always spoof you! Samuel L Jackson and Ryan Reynolds recreate Whitney Houston's 1992 movie poster from The Bodyguard Perfect parody 'I'm always kind of curious': Robert Pattinson admits he is interested in reprising his role as Edward Cullen in a 'radical' Twilight spin-off Heavy metal! As Chanel Iman and Victoria Justice step out in chainmail fashions, FEMAIL reveals how YOU can incorporate the look into your wardrobe Jennifer Aniston's half-brother AJ pictured trudging around with new girlfriend after 'abandoning' his two kids... as Friends star lives high life in Paris  Style Swoon: From a Lucy Hale approved accessory line, to Fendi's new retro-inspired sunglasses, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving now 'We couldn't be happier!' Jeff Goldblum, 64, and wife Emilie Livingston, 34, proudly announce birth of baby boy Wed three years ago Super size Megan! Miss Fox takes over Manhattan and stretches across Central Park in larger than life new ad Eye-popping photos Rich kids of Coachella! Sofia Richie jets off in helicopter with gal pals as celebrities head to desert music festival in style Flying high above trafic Sealed with an 'H'! Meghan Markle steps out wearing ANOTHER piece of jewelry with Prince Harry's initial on after the royal flew out to Toronto to see her Cheers to us! Ted Danson, 69, and wife of 22 years Mary Steenburgen enjoy romantic beach vacation in Hawaii Took a dip in the ocean . What breakup? Olivia Munn has a giggle with Keegan-Michael Key on the Canadian set of her new flickThe Predator following split from Aaron Rodgers 'An incredible mother:' Heath Ledger's sister Kate praises Michelle Williams for raising daughter Matilda in a 'wonderful environment' Her glowing tribute Johnny Depp joins rally against Arkansas' rushed plans to put to death seven inmates by end of April - as drug supplier says its product is not for execution  'Like cuddling our princess again': Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford hug Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd Three months since Star Wars actress died 'No makeup no filters!' Busy Philipps and Michelle Williams show off their natural beauty in glowing selfie Cougar Town alum posted touching selfie People actually LIKED Pepsi's ad! Poll shows half of young Americans had more favorable view of brand after seeing controversial Kendall Jenner commercial 'Google knows all!' Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant unearths footage of himself as a soap star on As The World Turns in 2008 Previous life as actor Slender Mel C stuns in side-split midi dress as she takes to the stage for passionate final tour performance in Dublin Singer, 43, showed off fit and toned physique  Woman, 21, reports that she was raped while backstage at a Chris Brown concert in Nebraska on Monday sparking police investigation Now for a drink! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick visit Malibu's Soho House after a day with their three kids Spending time alone The Trump fairy! Donald Jr posts photo of the $10 daughter Kai got for losing a tooth Showed off the pearly tooth his nine-year-old daughter had lost Country singer Sam Hunt 'set to wed' fiance Hannah Lee Fowler in Georgia this weekend  Lavish bash for on/off pair of 10 years who got engaged in January Now you can glow like Chrissy Teigen! The model teamed up with Becca Cosmetics on a gorgeous palette you'll want to wear every day this summer Snooze Wars: Underwhelming trailer for 'Last Jedi' premieres offering fans little hint of what to expect and only a brief glimpse of Princess Leia  'When I look at her, I see a future that I never saw': Hoda Kotb breaks down in tears as she talks about adopted baby Haley Joy in sweet video Stylish pair! Robin Thicke, 40, and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are a team in jeans and bomber jacket Lovebirds sported coordinating looks Catherine Zeta-Jones nails boho chic with $3,800 Chanel graffiti bag as she arrives at NY's JFK airport with husband Michael Douglas No Doubt release new tracks as new band Dreamcar... without Gwen Stefani Trio ventured out on own without Blake Shelton's girlfriend Angelina Jolie 'splashes out $25 million' on a sprawling Hollywood estate with six bedrooms and ten bathrooms... as she moves on from Brad Pitt Is that you, Hugh? Madame Tussauds in China unveils waxwork of Wolverine actor Jackman with bizarre GINGER bouffant hairstyle Mama-ste! Lea Thompson and daughter Zoey Deutch hold hands on their way to yoga They have an unbreakable bond and share love of acting Jamiroquai keyboard player Toby Smith dies aged 46, following reports he was 'secretly battling cancer'  Band's lead singer Jay Kay, 47, paid tribute 'I don't have a thigh gap and I'm still beautiful': Demi Lovato shows off her legs as she shares body positive post Took to Instagram All star abs! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably flat stomach while rocking sporty sweatsuit as has another busy day in New York City 'Good vibes only!' Lucy Hale brightens up her morning in a tank top and leggings as she enjoys an iced coffee on the way to a gym in Los Angeles Boom Clap singer Busty Charli XCX showcases her enviable assets and washboard stomach in a skimpy black bikini and jeans in sizzling selfie Jenna Bush Hager celebrates daughter Mila's 4th birthday with co-hosts - and fellow moms - Savannah Guthrie and Dylan Dreyer, and their kids 'I see the kids doing these kind of pics so...': Kathy Griffin, 56, looks ageless as she poses TOPLESS in a bid to keep up with women half her age 'I miss his laughter': Priscilla Presley reflects on Elvis 40 years after his death... and says The King  would NEVER be on Facebook if he were still alive Former 'American Idol' finalist Brandon Cox gets 70 years in prison for child porn after photos of young boys and infants were found on his computer Belle of the ball: Megyn Kelly poses with NBC colleagues Savannah and Lester then gives Fox News pal Sean Hannity a giant hug at media event 'Another great day!' Doting mom Britney Spears has dinner in Hawaii with her sons...then posts racy bikini selfie   Boys growing up fast  Queen Elizabeth advertises for new butler but candidates for $23,000-a-year job are warned they must pass exam and 'the learning curve will be steep' You've been framed: Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa wears statement glasses and figure-hugging dress as she touches down at LA airport 'Sick' Kim Kardashian attends premiere of The Promise but 'doesn't stay for the movie about the Armenian genocide after being taken unwell' Missed the main event Been Up All Night? Sleepy Liam Payne leaves a London studio wearing a HUGE gold chain as he and girlfriend Cheryl adjust to new parenthood 'Glad to be alive': Singer Meghan Linsey who found fame on The Voice is recovering from poisonous spider bite which left 'a hole' in her face Cara Delevingne debuts subtle pink locks as she wraps up warm while resuming filming for romantic drama Life In A Year Model switching to acting 'It was chaos': Warren Beatty on THAT Oscars mix up, whether You're So Vain is really about him... and the claim he's slept with more than 13,000 women Babewatch! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample assets and toned stomach in a skimpy red bikini as she hits the beach in the Seychelles  New Girls' Hannah Simone is 'pregnant and secretly wed TV personality Jesse Giddings' Couple kept romance out of spotlight Hot Legs! Rod Stewart, 71, looks on proudly as wife Penny Lancaster, 46, flaunts her toned legs in ripped shorts during a family day out in Beverly Hills 'He'd sleep either zero or two hours a night': The late Heath Ledger's manic energy revealed as documentary delving into actor's life is set to premiere Boom Clap singer Charli XCX looks kooky in an oversized pajama-style two-piece and tinted specs as she attends 2017 SESAC Pop Awards in NYC Jay Pharoah claims SNL only wanted him to impersonate famous black people, but says he is not a 'yes ni**a' as he speaks out for first time since firing  'Kill em all (with love)': Anwar Hadid makes a peaceful tweak to his Metallica hoodie as he heads to dinner with family and girlfriend Nicola Peltz 'You wouldn't stop calling!' Matthew Rhys first tried to woo now girlfriend Keri Russell 16 years ago... but she thought he was a 'buffoon' First class disguise! Katy Perry hides her head behind enormous envelope... before delivering the goods by revealing her famous features 'He's a pistol!' Michael Douglas, 72, raves about the strong bond he has with his 100-year-old Hollywood icon dad Kirk Douglas Still enjoy hanging out Come here often? Basic Instinct star Sharon Stone gets chatted up by male customer as she gets nails done Unwinding Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take turns to spend time with their children... as it emerges they have both asked for joint custody in divorce papers Not such a Good Friday: Zara Tindall falls off her horse after negotiating a tricky water jump and has to be checked over by medical staff at an event in Norfolk 'She reminds me of Tana': Gordon Ramsay has a floor-to-ceiling picture of CINDY CRAWFORD in his home because he's convinced wife is her doppelgänger EXCLUSIVE: Paul Walker's brother Cody claims Fast And The Furious 9 'will be filmed and set in Australia' Called the decision 'long overdue' Diane Kruger commands attention in bright red blazer and patchwork jeans as she makes glamorous laundry run in New York She's just like us! Sugar Bear rips off his shirt in anger as he's cussed out by Pumpkin behind the scenes of Mama June reunion episode Flashpoint moment Jennifer Lopez, 47, shows off her age defying figure in thigh-skimming minidress as she prepares for her first ever show in the Dominican Republic 'Tired of seeing this s**t': Fans accuse model Shanina Shaik of 'cultural appropriation' after she debuts braided hairstyle for Coachella festival Harry flies to Toronto for Easter with Meghan: Love-struck Prince is spotted at his girlfriend's home just weeks after she paid him a visit in London  Derriere on display! Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa leaves little to the imagination as she dons skimpy bikini on beach in Miami Oops! Lena Dunham almost flashes too much flesh as she suffers wardrobe malfunction while filming in Brooklyn Outfit rode too far up her thighs as she walked Blac Chyna flashes her abs in form-fitting crop top as she steps out with a mystery male friend... after reuniting with Rob Kardashian Reportedly back on 'You are so perfect': Shirtless Justin Bieber sends fans into meltdown as he displays his new chest tattoos in latest social media selfie Jessica Simpson puts on a very busty display in form-fitting white top for dinner date with hubby Eric Johnson Stayed with friends for three hours 'You made us proud': Caitlyn Jenner sends well-wishes to transgender Survivor contestant Zeke Smith after the reality star is outed Abs-olutely fabulous! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts her incredible toned body in a tiny black bikini Posted on Instagram 'Youth is wasted on the young!' Lily Collins flaunts her toned legs in skinny jeans as she steps out with bold message emblazoned on her jacket 'I just joined the club': Kandi Burruss reveals she's been undergoing plastic surgery during a sneak peek of upcoming four-part RHOA reunion Seeing double! Kim Kardashian, 36, and Cher, 70, look like sisters as they cozy up at The Promise premiere Doppelgänger vibes Fergie reveals 'green goo' is the secret to her amazing M.I.L.F body at 42 'It's spinach, kale, celery, apple, banana, pear' says the star  Frenzied Harry Styles fans convince themselves forthcoming song Ever Since New York is a tribute to his romance with Taylor Swift She's Heard it's on-trend: Amber debuts bubblegum pink hair... as she's pictured for the first time since leaving awards bash early following an emergency Nothing's changed! Keith Urban's UNSEEN 1982 high school class photo sees the country singer sporting boyish looks and signature long locks LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian step out for romantic date night just days before six-year wedding anniversary Pair looked happy  Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck as they decide on 'amicable' split two years after nanny affair shattered marriage Has Prince Charles bought Cornwall's Brown Willy? Royal is tipped as new owner of the county's highest point after it sold for nearly $4m  'You can't put a gender on love': Kelly Osbourne discusses her sexuality saying she's 'open to loving anybody' Refuses to define her sexuality Leggy Natalie Portman hides her post-pregnancy figure in chic knitted coat as she enjoys romantic stroll with husband Benjamin Millepied Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick show off their 'co-parenting skills' as they take their three kids bowling The reality star turns 38 next week  Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her age-defying body in dazzling white bikini as she shares photos from her sun-drenched family vacation Plane stunning! Chrissy Teigen shows off her lean legs with heavily ripped jeans and stylish wrap knit as she touches down in Los Angeles LA judge slashes Gotham star Morena Baccarin's $20K monthly spousal support to $5K... amid career uncertainty She's taken a hit  Coming to America sequel makes headway as Paramount hires original writers to pen script Paramount Pictures has hired the original writers  Mel B steps out in sporty ensemble in LA amid bitter divorce battle with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte Turned into Sporty Spice Russell Crowe, 53, keeps it casual in a T-shirt and jeans as he watches his beloved South Sydney Rabbitohs rugby team lose to Canterbury Bulldogs  Disco darling! Victoria Justice pays tribute to the '70s in silver shimmer mini dress at the premiere of The Outcasts She looked stunning  He's a cool dad! Bradley Cooper sports thick beard and blue shades in first public outing since becoming a father Happy times for actor  What a swell guy! Chris Hemsworth poses for selfies with fans after the Thor: Ragnarok actor enjoys a Good Friday surf in Byron Bay, Australia Yes she Cannes! Nicole Kidman leads cinema's elite with four different screenings ahead of the International Film Festival Mansion famously featured in The Big Chill finally sells for $1.76million, four years after it hit the market for $4.5million South Carolina property Late Carrie Fisher fondly remembered in touching tribute clip at Star Wars Celebration convention in Orlando Memorial to the iconic star of the franchise  Who needs boys? Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows Chris Clark what he's missing as she hits Miami in a plunging bikini amid claims reality star 'dumped her' Bagged too many rays? Kelly Bensimon looks VERY tanned as she flashes cleavage at Most Powerful People In Media event Ex-Real Housewife star  'Joe gives me the da good good': Sophie Turner has some suggestive writing on her hand as she steps out with beau Jonas  Out in Beverly Hills  Zayn Malik's ex Perrie Edwards shows off her cleavage in a plunging white bikini top as she hits the pool in Miami with her bandmates on a rare day off Family first! Lisa Rinna and daughter Amelia Gray walk arm-in-arm as they enjoy precious bonding time together in Beverly Hills Quality time together Sharp dressed man! Matthew McConaughey and his 80s retro mustache get a visit from wife Camila on Ohio set of new movie Into character She's not shy! Victoria's Secret Angel Bridget Malcolm reveals her slender physique as she strips down to underwear in racy Instagram snap     DON'T MISS Painful secret of Madonna's new eyebrows: Pop superstar has $560 a time 'microblading' tattoo treatment  The price of beauty Make-up free Paris Jackson dons her free spirit style in vintage tee and army green leggings as she steps out in LA Went make-up free  She's a California Gurl! Katy Perry buys Beverly Hills mega mansion with infinity pool for $19M The property has five bedrooms, five and a half bathrooms  'Everybody in comedy is heartbroken': Dave Chappelle and John Mayer share poignant tribute to the late Charlie Murphy Shared their love  Julianne Hough gets the full VIP treatment at a nail salon in Beverly Hills as she cuts a slim figure in dark skinny jeans Pamper session 'Both things made my butt look great!' Sofia Vergara shares throwback in thong bikini... as she reveals 'trans-fats' and 'sun' helped back then 'I worked so hard to set that record': Ellen DeGeneres enlists Oscars selfie cohort Bradley Cooper in parody PSA to keep her retweet record 'Oh my goodness!': Kylie Jenner gets help from Caitlyn as she revamps glam room in $2.7m Calabasas mansion Showed off on Snapchat  Melania and Barron join Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago for Easter: First Lady and son fly in on a separate plane as the president spends weekend in Florida Miami mami! Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her tiny waist and bodacious booty in a thong bikini as she makes a splash with Little Mix in Florida 'WHY ARE WE ALWAYS YELLING!?' Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson trade barbs in VERY profane teaser for The Hitman's Bodyguard Every curse word going! Ellie Goulding opts for understated style as she leaves New York City hotel with her new boyfriend, British Olympic rowing hunk Casper Jopling Strutting her stuff! VS Angel Taylor Hill shows off model figure in white tank top as she arrives at LAX ahead of Coachella music festival Joining the celebrities  Flawless! Charlize Theron stuns in thigh-skimming mini dress as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live At the show's Hollywood studios  'It was a difficult habit to break': Hayden Christensen returns to Star Wars Celebration for first time in 15 years... and reveals his biggest shame Her breast assets! Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS while riding a quad bike and dancing with a female pal He'll blow the place up! Flame-haired Joaquin Phoenix fearlessly fills up his car at gas station in Los Angeles It was certainly a combustible formula. Pretty in pink! Frieda Pinto dazzles wearing sartorially on point pastels at Los Angeles premiere of Guerrilla The 32-year-old actress looked stylish  Furious Caitlyn Jenner blames Ellen DeGeneres for 'alienating' her from the LGBTQ community Transgender star slams talk queen in tell-all book Paul Walker's brother Cody arrives at Sydney Airport for a long weekend tour supporting late actor's disaster relief charity Supportive movement Biker chic! Sofia Richie rocks a racing jacket and big shades as she jets into LAX  Sofia Richie rocked an edgy but casual look as she arrived back in LA  New hair do care! Malin Akerman reveals new dark hair colour on Rampage set with Jeffrey Dean Morgan Billions star has a dramatic new do Oops! Ireland Baldwin suffers wardrobe malfunction as she falls over to reveal thong during LA photo shoot Model was exposed when her skirt flew up  Sheer beauty! Brie Larson wows in chic black gown with cutout lace panels as she attends LA premiere of Free Fire Showstopping Bounced back quick! Amanda Seyfried shows off slim frame just three weeks after giving birth to baby girl Proud to show off her slender frame  It begins! Kylie Jenner is among the first to arrive ahead of Coachella as she steps off her private jet in Palm Springs Eager to get partying 'I was a centimeter away from being completely paralyzed': Charlize Theron reveals near-horrific injury on the set of Aeon Flux  Very dangerous Justin Theroux can't keep his hands off wife Jennifer Aniston's pert behind as she poses in a thigh-flashing gown at the Festival Serie Mania in Paris Timeless beauty! Actress Rose Byrne dons a chic monochrome look at panel event for TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks 'My cutie!' Kim Kardashian shares adorable selfie while cuddling up with daughter North West Kim can't help but fawn over three-year-old  'Don't blame her!' Alec Baldwin defends Kendall Jenner over yanked Pepsi ad saying she's a 'very young inexperienced woman' Blame her manager A reason to smile! Eva Longoria looks radiant in comfy loungewear after visit to Anastasia Beverly Hills At 43, she looks just as she did in her twenties Sheer-ly amazing! Glamorous Julianne Moore wows in see-through lace as she attends a photo exhibit in New York 70 years of Cannes EXCLUSIVE: Malia Obama heads to work in a yellow tank top a day after Secret Service confronted man outside her office She kept her head down  Jennifer Hudson showcases her sartorial style in an elegant ensemble as she wows the crowd at filming for the Graham Norton Show in London Full of Glee! Lea Michele can't stop smiling as she wows in a fitted black dress on set of Extra to promote her album Detailed silver buttons  She's got her hands full! Zoe Saldana carries her son and a playmate during family outing with Marco Perego in Beverly Hills Having fun together  Working out girl! Melanie Griffith rocks straighter and blonder hair as she showcases long legs in yoga pants The 59-year-old actress was in a sporty vibe That's a bold look! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts incredibly tiny waist and lean legs in skimpy frock Flaunted her assets  Ruby Rose is a lucky lady! The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso flaunts her petite frame as she poses in high-cut black lingerie  Looking fantastic  Mel B is all smiles as she hints at a new movie role while stepping out on to a film set in California... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte Coachella vibes! Model Shanina Shaik shares throwback snap of herself wearing cheeky denim cut-offs and shaggy jacket at iconic California music festival 'He's a pistol!' Michael Douglas, 72, raves about the strong bond with his 100-year-old Hollywood icon dad Kirk Douglas Revealed he feels lucky to still have his dad Don't Breathe director Fede Alvarez to helm revival of David Bowie cult fantasy classic Labyrinth The director said he adores the original  Seder on the slopes: Ivanka Trump celebrates Passover with trip to Four Seasons Whistler resort while Jared Kushner heads to work in D.C. Child at heart! Ed Norton keeps low profile in hat and shades as he rides scooter alongside son Atlas in NYC The 47-year-old actor rocked a baseball cap  Play ball: Donald Trump Jr. and wife Vanessa head outside with daughter Kai and son Donnie for a game of catch in NYC Near their $5M pad Katherine Jenkins shows off her svelte figure in chic off-the-shoulder top and glam metallic trousers for date night with husband Andrew Levitas A sprinkle of Homeland stardust: F Murray Abraham works wonders in The Mentor Oscar winner is best also starred in TV's Homeland She's a little girl, Posh, not a commodity: SARAH VINE has a message for Victoria Beckham after she trademarks her daughter  A riposte to Posh  Sleepwear is streetwear now! Gigi Hadid wears sexy striped pajamas as she struts around New York City She sure got noticed Sibling revelry: Miley Cyrus enjoys hike with sister Brandi as she works on her fitness before mystery project Has not released any music since 2013 She's still the one! Shania Twain joins season 12 of The Voice as a mentor to the finalists She has been added to the lineup  Lana Del Rey oozes old Hollywood glamour in purple feathered coat as she graces cover of Dazed magazine Singer is seen in dreamy photoshoot  Broadway belongs to Bette and her Dolly! BAZ BAMIGBOYE sees the indestructible star give a rousing performance  Star wows in Hello Dolly! 'It gives me the sh*ts': Hugo Weaving says Australians are 'pathetically immature' about embracing their own culture and art Respected actor  EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire NHL team owner Daryl Katz slams allegations he offered Jane the Virgin star $1.5 million for sex claiming her husband made it all up 'I worked really hard to be taken seriously': Kendall Jenner admits she's worried about 'tarnishing' her model image in candid chat with Kylie Jenner 'I'm not going to put up with it': Khloe Kardashian and BFF Malika Haqq accuse each other of neglecting friendship for boyfriends Long-time pals face off  Elle Fanning sports retro shades and Nike sweater while filming scenes with Peter Dinklage for I Think We're Alone Now in New York Reese Witherspoon cuts a svelte figure as she starts her day off workout and a healthy green smoothie Wore Aztec-patterned blue leggings Ab-tastic! Lily Collins bares her extremely toned midriff in sports bra and mesh leggings as she leaves gym Leggings complimented her long legs Love-struck Harry flies to Toronto to spend Easter with Meghan Markle just weeks after she paid the Prince a visit in London  Long-distance romance Jessie J rocks a shiny bob as she dresses down for day out with pals in sunny NYC... after flaunting her newly taut abs in sexy bright pink bikini on holiday Kelly Clarkson beams with pride as she celebrates her son Remington's 1st birthday American Idol winner gushed with pride  Theme park therapy: Mariah Carey bonds with her twins at Disneyland after recent break-up from toyboy Bryan Tanaka  Superstar single again FEMAIL breaks down the maternity fashion formulas that pregnant celebs like Beyoncé, Amal Clooney and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley can't stop wearing 'I don't know what to do': Kim Kardashian bursts into tears when she receives call about Kanye West's breakdown in new KUWTK clip 'Her imperfections made her perfect': Billie Lourd pays tribute to mother Carrie Fisher at Star Wars event in first public appearance since icon's death She's sure got a lot of front! Emma Roberts wears very naughty boob T-shirt for sunshine stroll Scream Queens star knows how to turn heads Shoes, glorious shoes! Sarah Jessica Parker revisits her Sex And The City character while promoting her collaboration with Manolo Blahnik Hollywood legend Christopher Walken is frisked by security guard at Atlanta airport... after filming scenes for new movie The War with Grandpa Natural beauty! Karlie Kloss proves simple is stunning as she shows off svelte figure in tight white T-Shirt and jeans Timberland boots made 6ft 2ins star even taller On the market! Flip or Flop's Christina El Moussa single again after split from hockey player Nate Thompson Short-lived romance with Anaheim Ducks star  Yes she can-can! Tyga's topless ex Demi Rose covers her ample bust with just feathered pasties as she poses for racy burlesque-themed shoot 'It was a good landing!': Harrison Ford jokes about his taxiway blunder as he makes surprise appearance at Star Wars Celebration Teased about his flying  Twinsies! Rose McGowan and boyfriend Boots hold hands as they wear matching black on date night Going strong for five months now Survivor contestant Jeff issues groveling apology for outing Zeke Smith as transgender after shock moment is branded 'worst thing done in 34 seasons' Just in time! Armie Hammer reveals he nearly missed the birth of his newborn son due to surgery due to a freak accident Speaking to Kimmel  Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in nothing but skimpy briefs 'She's got blood on her hands!' Kelly Rowland's Whoa, Baby! book signing interrupted by anti-fur protesters Destiny's child singer was at New Jersey store  From fizz to frizz! Kendall Jenner makes bold comeback with big hair and strong eyebrows on cover of Harper's Bazaar after Pepsi debacle 'Get him off that floor now!': Jamie Oliver is scolded by his MUM on Instagram after sharing snap of smiling son River Rocket lying on the kitchen tiles PICTURED: Moment Matt Damon's daughter Stella, six, was stung by a jellyfish in Australia on vacation with Chris Hemsworth's family... as paramedics arrive Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi put LA condo back on the market for cut price of $7million Talk queen and wife selling off property Jet setting couple! Casey Affleck sports Seventies style mustache while flying out of LAX with his actress girlfriend Floriana Lima Meet Amy Boo Boo! Goldie Hawn plays pageant mom while Schumer is a toddler in tiara for hilarious new shoot Pair in new flick together Butler Has Fallen! Gerard Butler looks almost unrecognizable as he takes a tumble while filming scenes for new movie Keepers in Scotland 'They said they didn't dress people my size': Khloe Kardashian reveals stylists REFUSED to work with her before she lost weight Kim Kardashian flouts FDA warning to promote 'dangerous' morning sickness pill AGAIN - years after being pregnant Slammed in 2015 Miley Cyrus' 'nude snaps leak online as she falls victim to the same hackers as Emma Watson and Amanda Seyfried' Explicit images 'It's predictable and silly': Defiant Sienna Miller BLASTS Brad Pitt dating reports... amid claims the duo 'flirted all night' at cozy LA dinner date 'I get people mailing me their resumes': Better Call Saul's Giancarlo Esposito gets mistaken for real-life drug kingpin They think he's for real How to get a summer body in just SEVEN days: Bear Grylls reveals how to tone your entire physique in record time Fitness program PICTURED: Rachel Bilson and Hayden Christensen sell their breathtaking four bedroom home in secluded Sherman Oaks for $3.8 million Christina El Moussa 'threatening to sue' skincare company using her image to sell anti-aging cream without her permission Reality star not happy  Kate Hudson, Rosario Dawson and Dianna Agron join Miley Cyrus in growing list of stars targeted by hackers whose nude photos have been leaked online Was Gigi Hadid's controversial headscarf cover to blame for the editor of Vogue Arabia getting 'fired'? Princess Deena Aljuhani Abdulaziz is out of job 'I'd get eggs thrown at me for being black': Idris Elba reveals he felt the 'full whack of racism' as a schoolboy... as it's rumored he's set to be first black James Bond Dancing all the way to the bank! Emma Watson is set to become Hollywood's highest paid actress as Beauty and the Beast makes a whopping $1 BILLION Big little fans: Reese Witherspoon and son Deacon Phillippe cheer on the LA Clippers after Oprah reveals she was 'intimidated' by the actress  He's a super dad! Chris Hemsworth teaches daughter India, four, to surf during beach outing in Australia with Matt Damon's family Kendall Jenner will 'host Coachella dating party'... marking her first public appearance following 'embarrassing' Pepsi ad backlash International backlash 'In Louvre': Justin Theroux gushes about wife Jennifer Aniston as they cuddle up for sweet Instagram snap while continuing Parisian getaway 'I've learned a lot of lessons': Katy Perry sports platinum locks for the May cover of Vogue... as she says 'I wouldn't go back to my 20s' Victoria's Secret Angels Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes flaunt their rock hard abs and endless legs as they present What Is Sexy Awards Harry Styles unveils release date and tracklist of eagerly anticipated solo debut album with shirtless snap of him in pool of pink water Magic Johnson's daughter Elisa flaunts her sexy bikini bod in skimpy swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with her beau Anthony in Miami Beach Slam dunk! Venus Williams swaps tennis for basketball as she shoots hoops in plunging top and skinny jeans for commercial Ttraded in her racket  Matt Damon puts on rare PDA with wife Luciana Barroso as couple smooch on vacation with Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky That's cheeky! Elsa Pataky kicks husband Chris Hemsworth's behind in an attempt to get his attention as they vacation in Australia with Matt Damon From Vanessa Redgrave's take on refugee crisis to Tilda Swinton's animal exploitation drama: Is this the most politically charged Cannes ever? Booty-ful and promising! Kim Kardashian wows in skintight gold dress at The Promise premiere  Looked gorgeous at the star-studded screening Fallen Angel: Victoria's Secret model Chanel Iman looks sensational in a skimpy silver backless dress as debuts new rainbow 'do on night out  Jennifer Garner goes make-up free as she rocks a casual denim shirt and cute mini skirt while running errands The actress, 44, looked fresh-faced  'I have never felt this violated in my entire life': WWE Diva Lana claims 'inappropriate' TSA agents groped her at Boston airport Took to Twitter  Three generations! Caitlyn Jenner enjoys family day out with son Brandon and granddaughter Eva Slipped into a stylish blouse for playtime  Princess Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer looks worse for wear as she flashes her stomach and sips cocktails with friends at a bar in London  EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for the first time amid claims she 'felt hidden' and craved 'more freedom' during failed marriage PICTURED: Inside Jared Leto lavish Hollywood Hills home as he re-lists the pad for $1.9 MILLION which boasts recording studio and giant pool Selena Gomez and The Weeknd go their separate ways after spending the night together at her Los Angeles home Romance going strong Real Housewives of Pennsylvania Avenue! Kim Richards reveals she once dated Donald Trump... but refuses to say if they slept together Doesn't kiss and tell  Lisa Rinna, 53, and her model daughter Delilah Belle, 18, look more like sisters in bikini snap The handsome family are enjoying a vacation in Mexico  'You're The Footy Show!' Vin Diesel LETS LOOSE with Beau Ryan as he promotes Fast and Furious franchise Is in Australia on promotional duty  Watch out there's a new Housewife in town! Socialite Tinsley Mortimer makes debut on RHONY as she returns to Big Apple after mug shot shame 'This has hit him hard': Mel B 'blocks' Stephen Belafonte from her $50 million fortune... after claiming he 'controlled' her finances during decade long marriage Queen Elizabeth hands out a traditional Maundy Thursday coin for each of her 91 years to seniors as she joins the Duke of Edinburgh for prayer service  Date night! Jennifer Aniston dons cleavage-baring maxi dress as she enjoys dinner in Paris with husband Justin Theroux Romantic evening  'I want people to know me a little bit more than as Chris' wife': Elsa Pataky talks about family life  in Australia and her plans to 'start working' Down Under Prince of Wales... and Transylvania? Charles could be given extra title (to add to the 16 he's already got) because of his promotion of the Romanian region  Selfie-obsessed! Nicki Minaj cannot get her face out of her phone in new video for Major Lazer's Run Up She won't stop sharing snaps for anything  EXCLUSIVE: 'She's got that southern charm': Dorinda Medley opens up about her relationship with new RHONY cast member Tinsley Mortimer  Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter Kiera looks casual but chic at star-studded Norman screening The sikent movie star's relative stole the show  Taking the plunge! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts cleavage in VERY low cut black pantsuit at premiere of The Promise Star turned heads  Sex Pistols' John Lydon looks worlds away from his hellraiser heyday as he shows off fuller frame in conservative outfit while out in affluent Malibu Serving style! Maria Sharapova looks sartorially savvy in chic blazer and flowing white blouse as she heads for dinner in Hollywood Honed her style game His leading lady! Jolly Christian Bale shows off elegant wife Sibi as they wear black to The Promise premiere He is the movie's leading man Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc keep it casual as they rock jeans while helping their kids Charlotte and Aidan into a car for a family dinner out Effortless beauty! Olivia Culpo is the classic girl-next-door while dressed in a simple T-shirt and jeans for day out in LA Any outfit looks fantastic Morrissey cancels Texas concert due to 'health concerns'... days after vocal struggles force him to pull plug on Arizona gig mid-performance Lady Victoria Hervey turns heads in a risqué sequined catsuit at The Promise premiere amid Mel B drama Fears she was secretly taped in threesome Olivia Munn's ex Aaron Rodgers had been making 'drastic changes' including working out with Nick Jonas instead of team amid split 'He called me a b**ch!' Iggy Azalea on why she rammed paparazzo with a shopping trolley in expletive-laden rant ... as rapper reveals she has a safe room Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, flashes the flesh in ripped shorts and flame themed crop top during spring break in Miami Still enjoying her trip 'You just don't do that to someone': Jeff Probst kicks out Survivor contestant who outed Zeke Smith as transgender Dramatically evicted  Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in leggings for lunch with gal pal Rosanna Arquette Had a bite to eat with her partner in crime  Today's headlines Most Read Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically-chanting North Korean troops... Cops who Facebook live-streamed their day including bragging about 'shooting the sh** out of a dog,' dishing... Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and... 'He's not a jerk!': Fiancée of stock broker who 'stopped dating hot women because they are full of... Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the true nature of the love-hate relationship... Adding insult to injury: United did NOT take passenger's bags off his plane after he was dragged off - then... Delta approves offers of up to $10,000 to flyers who give up seats on overbooked flights after United... BREAKING NEWS: Panic at New York's Penn Station as cops taser a man causing a stampede of passengers who... Man sues gay dating app Grindr after more than a thousand men turn up looking for sex at his house and WORK... Arkansas judge blocks the 'conveyer belt of death' execution of seven death-row inmates in a month EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's... The off-cuty cop who tried to take down Pulse nightclub killer: Bodycam pictures reveal first desperate... Fears grow for Nordstrom employee, 28, after she failed to arrive at a doctors appointment and her car was... Retired NFL tight end accidentally runs over and kills his three-year-old daughter Federal government reports deficit of $526 BILLION despite record-breaking income and payroll tax collection Actress tells how she was sexually assaulted and pushed onto subway tracks in terrifying ordeal... Could this missile one day nuke the west coast of America? Kim Jong Un unveils huge new ICBM at 'Day of the... As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago... Special forces raid, missile strike, cyber warfare or MORE negotiations: Trump's choices for dealing with... He knows he can't win but it would be an unimaginable humiliation for him to back down: In a deadly game of... Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92... ‘We will pulverize the headquarters of evil and ruthlessly ravage US troops’: North Korea makes menacing... 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the... 'I've rarely felt more fearful for the future': PETER OBORNE, the first journalist to visit the Syrian... Inside the world's most secretive nation: Journalist goes undercover to capture a side of North Korea we... Utah judge PRAISES Mormon bishop and calls him an 'extraordinarily good man' as he sentences him for rape of... 'Sorry but I backed over Tobey. He's dead': The heartless letter UPS driver left behind after killing... ‘Mark is why I’m walking’: Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg says that CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife ‘saved her... What first impression does YOUR profile picture make? This AI system will help you find out MORE HEADLINES Hilarious moment two Jeep drivers get their own back on an ‘arrogant’ driver for parking across two spaces Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92 ISIS militants in Afghanistan... but terror group DENY any of their fighters died Christians in Philippines nail themselves to crosses and furiously whip themselves as act of penitence in Good Friday ritual EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about his 'drug-fueled bromance' with Jack Nicholson, how he cheated on his spouse with his best friend's wife and was paralyzed by a mysterious illness in new memoir His and Hers jets, paid for with YOUR tax dollars: Melania adds $100,000 to Trump's massive travel tab so she could fly separately to Mar-a-Lago with Barron, just minutes apart from the President EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's no-show as he stays home with his brother's widow who is now his lover  Putin’s ‘Father Of All Bombs’ is FOUR TIMES more powerful than Trump’s 'Mother Of All Bombs' that killed 36 ISIS militants in Afghanistan Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter sugar-rich Nutella Aaron Hernandez weeps as he is found NOT GUILTY in double murder over spilled drink in nightclub - but he's still in jail for life for previous murder Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically-chanting North Korean troops parade through Pyongyang for Kim Jong Un on Day of the Sun amid threats of nuclear war Serving Navy SEAL, 42, has been moonlighting as 'Jay Voom' - a porn star with 29 films to his name - after falling on hard times  The Furred Reich! Furry annual convention cancelled amid community's bitter divisions over rise of alleged neo-Nazi Mr 'Foxler' and the 'altfur' movement Frail Yoko Ono, 83, raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats with a young man in her first public outing in months 'Give me a fork and a knife!': Terrifying video of grandmother dressed as her alter-ego Nelda the witch emerges as she gets THREE life sentences for child abuse EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight by one boyfriend and threatened with a butcher knife by another, Ashley Graham reveals the demons that dogged her as she became the IT plus-sized supermodel in new memoir Shocking moment the roof of the world-famous Bellagio Hotel goes up in flames and closes down the Las Vegas strip Belle of the ball: Megyn Kelly poses with NBC colleagues Savannah and Lester then gives Fox News pal Sean Hannity a giant hug at media event as she says she is ready to return to work 'You are not safe for us': Muslim woman films Rome airport staff REFUSING to allow her on a flight to London while wearing a hijab and accuses them of discrimination after 'seeing nuns board in headscarves' 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the terrifying moment the US dropped the Mother Of All Bombs on ISIS terrorists  Incredible colorized photos of Abraham Lincoln's assassination conspirators revealed on the 152nd anniversary of fateful shooting BREAKING NEWS: Panic at New York's Penn Station as cops taser a man causing a stampede of passengers who feared he had a gun  The U.S. Mother Of All Bombs that killed 36 ISIS militants and took out IED belts, tunnels and caves in Afghanistan was simply ‘the best weapon to clear an obstacle’ in offensive against 20 terror groups, says Pentagon Angry father 'chops off a 15-year-old boy's PENIS and gouges out his eyes because he thought the teen was sleeping with his daughter'  Girlfriend sues her doctor ex after he slipped Plan B 'Morning After' pill into her drinks without telling her so she wouldn't get pregnant  As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago without his chief of staff or some key advisors Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and spinning table 'Do not jump because it WILL hurt': Golden Gate Bridge to get steel suicide prevention nets after more than 1,500 deaths MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Your browser is blocking javascript. This might limit your experience on this website SUBSCRIBE FREE NEWSLETTER Breaking News on Food Safety & Quality Control News Food Outbreaks Industry news R&D Regulation and safety Lab Technology Views Views Promotional Features Site Archive April 2017 March 2017 Previous months Sectors Drinks Dairy Foods Fresh produce Meat, fish and poultry Bakery Confectionery Ready-to-Eat Big Brands Brands Cargill ConAgra Foods Danone Fonterra Nestlé Tyson Suppliers 3M AB SCIEX AGILENT Technologies Bruker Ecolab Eurofins METTLER TOLEDO DuPont SGS Thermo Fisher Scientific WATERS Trends Rapid analysis HACCP Shelf life Food fraud Cleaning and hygiene Track and trace FSMA Nanotechnology Automation Multimedia Videos Audios Galleries Live Events Technologies Audit and Certification Data management Lab instruments and equipment Resources All Products Supplier Webinars Videos & Audio Technical Papers Product Brochures Suppliers Events Shows & Conferences Archive Jobs Food Jobs - Europe Food Jobs - USA Food Jobs - UK News > Regulation and safety Read more breaking news     Text size Print Forward Subscribe to our FREE newsletter SUBSCRIBE Companies urged to speak out on Regulatory Accountability Act Post a comment By Joe Whitworth+Joseph James Whitworth 13-Apr-20172017-04-13T00:00:00Z ©iStock/joebelanger Related tags: HR 5, House of Representative, Food Policy Action, Regulatory Accountability Act, Senate, Regulation, Legislation, USDA, FDA, FSMA, Open letter, CSPI, Consumer Federation of America, Consumers Union, EWG, Food & Water Watch, Campbell Soup Company, Cargill, Coca-Cola, General Mills, PepsiCo, Walmart Half a dozen consumer organisations have called on 11 companies to oppose regulation that they say will block future legislation to improve food safety. The Regulatory Accountability Act (H.R. 5) was passed by the House of Representative in January and could be voted on by the Senate in May.  The 11 firms - Campbell Soup Company, Cargill, Coca-Cola, CVS Health, Domino’s Pizza, General Mills, PepsiCo, Target, Walgreens, Walmart and Yum! Brands - belong to the US Chamber of Commerce, the National Association of Manufacturers or the Business Roundtable, which have endorsed the bill. Campbell Soup Company response Of Campbell Soup Company, Cargill, Coca-Cola, General Mills, PepsiCo and Walmart who we contacted, only Campbell Soup Company responded in time for deadline. “While we haven’t taken a specific position on HR 5, we have long supported regulatory improvements that reduce duplication and inefficiency while maintaining the highest standards of safety, quality, transparency and accountability,” said the firm. “We will monitor this legislation carefully if and when it is considered by the US Senate.” Supporters say it aims to eliminate red tape and regulations to lift unnecessary burdens and to promote jobs, innovation and economic growth. The Center for Science in the Public Interest, Consumer Federation of America, Consumers Union, Environmental Working Group, Food & Water Watch and Food Policy Action sent a letter to the companies pushing them to reject what has been dubbed the “Filthy Food Act.” “Manufacturers, retailers, and restaurants generally take food safety seriously, which is why they should not stand by while their trade associations try to dismantle the food safety system,” said Michael F. Jacobson, CSPI president.  The coalition said the legislation would require agencies such as the US Department of Agriculture and Food and Drug Administration to seek the least costly approach to food safety problems. Consumer group pressure It would create an ‘unprecedented regulatory gauntlet’ through which no food safety rule or guidance could pass, they said in the letter. “The “Filthy Food Act” would arbitrarily cut science out of the regulatory process, replacing public input and expert analysis with never-ending reviews and layers upon layers of wasteful Congressional and judicial red tape. These changes would paralyze the federal response to emerging public health and safety threats, including threats to food safety.” Adoption of food safety rules has often followed outbreaks that exposed system problems, said the coalition. “For example, the year after the 1993 Jack in the Box outbreak, the USDA declared E. coli O157:H7 to be an adulterant, effectively banning the sale of meat contaminated with the pathogen. According to CDC estimates, the rate of E. coli illnesses has fallen by nearly 50% since this rule went into effect. “Regulatory policy must be able to address emerging threats, such as disease-resistant “superbugs” and risks arising out of new production methods.” A previous letter from the six and six other groups was sent to Ron Johnson, Senate Committee on Homeland Security and governmental affairs chair, and ranking member Claire McCaskill. This content is copyright protected However, if you would like to share the information in this article, you may use the headline, summary and link below: Companies urged to speak out on Regulatory Accountability Act By Joe Whitworth+Joseph James Whitworth, 13-Apr-2017 Half a dozen consumer organisations have called on 11 companies to oppose regulation that they say will block future legislation to improve food safety. http://www.foodqualitynews.com/Regulation-and-safety/Consumer-groups-pressure-manufacturers-on-regulation Copyright - Unless otherwise stated all contents of this web site are © 2017 - William Reed Business Media SAS - All Rights Reserved - Full details for the use of materials on this site can be found in the Terms & Conditions Related news: Consumer orgs dub regulation ‘Filthy Food Act’ Executive order threatens protections that safeguard food - EWG WLGA slams proposed FSA food safety reform Mixed news for food agencies in Trump’s budget ASPA slams senate vote on Catfish Inspection program Codex involvement will help represent different Asian needs - FIA RELATED TOPICS: FSMA, Regulation and safety, Cargill Subscribe to our FREE newsletter Get FREE access to authoritative breaking news, videos, podcasts, webinars and white papers. SUBSCRIBE Post a comment Comment title * Your comment * Your name * Your email * We will not publish your email on the site I agree to Terms and Conditions These comments have not been moderated. You are encouraged to participate with comments that are relevant to our news stories. You should not post comments that are abusive, threatening, defamatory, misleading or invasive of privacy. For the full terms and conditions for commenting see clause 7 of our Terms and Conditions ‘Participating in Online Communities’. These terms may be updated from time to time, so please read them before posting a comment. Any comment that violates these terms may be removed in its entirety as we do not edit comments. If you wish to complain about a comment please use the "REPORT ABUSE" button or contact the editors. Most Popular News 1Recalls: Metal, glass and undeclared allergens 2Recalls: Listeria, allergens and GMOs 3Novel Salmonella strain sickens 40 in four countries 4Recalls: Listeria, Sudan IV and PAHs 5HACCP a ‘foundational pillar’ of safety and quality management system – Coca Cola Key Industry Events   Access all events listing Our events, Shows & Conferences... On demand Supplier Webinars Global Meat News Food Safety Forum: Powerful Packaging William Reed Business Media Revised ISO food microbiology standards for detection of Listeria, Enterobacteriaceae and Cronobacter Merck KGaA, Darmstadt, Germany All supplier webinars Today's Headlines JRC finds 14% of honey samples to be adulterated Ardent Mills recalls flour as part of E. coli O121 investigation EHEDG looks to bring hygienic design knowledge to GFSI Recalls: Listeria, Sudan IV and PAHs Companies urged to speak out on Regulatory Accountability Act Anton Paar and Purdue investigate flow characteristics of fine powders Weekly / Daily Free Newsletter FoodNavigator.com Food & Beverage Development - Europe FoodNavigator-USA.com Food & Beverage Development - North America FoodNavigator-Asia.com Food, Beverage & Supplement Development - Asia Pacific NutraIngredients.com Supplements & Nutrition - Europe NutraIngredients-USA.com Supplements & Nutrition - North America NutraIngredients-Asia.com Supplements & Nutrition - Asia Pacific FoodQualityNews.com Food Safety & Quality Control DairyReporter.com Dairy Processing & Markets BeverageDaily.com Beverage Technology & Markets ConfectioneryNews.com Confectionery & Biscuit Processing BakeryAndSnacks.com Industrial Baking & Snacks GlobalMeatNews.com Global Meat Trading and Processing FoodManufacture.co.uk The Information Resource for Food and Drink Processing FeedNavigator.com Global Animal Feed Industry Other Newsletters Science & Nutrition Research Food legislation Food Finance Innovations in Food Ingredients Innovations in Food Processing and Packaging Innovations in Food Safety & Instrumentation Free Supplements BeverageDaily Beer Supplement Beer Technology & Marketing Ingredients Ingredients FoodNavigator Middle East Supplement Food & Beverage Development and Processing - Middle East   Free e-mail alerts Plant Safety & Equipment Product - Kaliop Testing Lab Technology Subscribe to our FREE newsletterSUBSCRIBE Related Sites from our Team Industrial Baking & Snacks  |  Beverage Technology & Markets  |  Confectionery & Biscuit Processing  |  Dairy Processing & Markets  |  Food & Beverage Development - Europe  |  Food & Beverage Development - North America  |  Supplements, Health & Nutrition - Europe  |  Supplements, Health & Nutrition - North America  |  Inside food & drink manufacturing  |  Food & Beverage Development and Technology - Asia Pacific  |  Global Meat Trading and Processing  |  Supplements, Health & Nutrition - Asia Pacific About us | Editorial Calendar | Site map | All sites | Recommend this Site | Advertise | Contact the Editor | Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia 67° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 67° Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Davernier Capon Parker Photo provided the Kershaw County Sheriff's Department Crime & Courts April 13, 2017 9:00 PM Columbia man, 16-year-old girl, charged with armed carjacking in Lugoff Posted by Rachael Myers Lowe rlowe@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story KERSHAW COUNTY, SC Richland County deputies arrested a 19-year-old Columbia man on Thursday near the Garners Ferry Road Walmart, where he worked, after he fled deputies investigating an overnight armed carjacking in Lugoff. The stolen vehicle had been traced to Davernier Capon Parker’s home on Shorecrest Drive in Columbia, Kershaw County sheriff Jim Matthews said in a news release. As Richland County deputies waited for a search warrant, Parker allegedly drove away in the stolen car to the Walmart where he worked. A search of his home turned up a gun described by the carjacking victim and the victim’s cell phone, Matthews said. The carjacking occurred around 1:13 a.m. Thursday in the parking lot of Harbor Freight in Lugoff. The victim told authorities he was carjacked at gunpoint by four people.   Parker and a 16-year-old unnamed female juvenile were charged with carjacking. Parker also was charged with possession of a weapon during commission of a violent crime. Parker was being held at the Kershaw County Detention Center Thursday night. The juvenile was turned over to the South Carolina Department of Juvenile Justice although she will be tried as an adult, Matthews said. The two other suspects in the carjacking have been identified and are being sought, Matthews said. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago High-tech firearm uses guidance system to lock on target 2:05 a day ago High-tech firearm uses guidance system to lock on target 1:11 a day ago Questions about mass murder at Kirkland Correctional Center 0:49 2 days ago 'He loved his kids,' mother of Richland County gangland murder victim says View More Video Crime & Courts SC trial lawyers’ group used Quinn consulting firm for 10 years Attorney wonders if mentally challenged inmate was also victimized for being a ‘nuisance’ Former USC football standout, Demetris Summers, gets prison term after guilty plea SC prisons officer shortages a ‘time bomb’ More false 911 calls made to Lexington Co. emergency center Wednesday night Crime & Courts Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Delta aims to avoid United fiasco with $9,950 offer to overbooked Two top officials in Mpls. Mayor Betsy Hodges' campaign resign Five new cases of measles confirmed in Hennepin County Grief strong in west-central Minn. community after teen's death in crash North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade Good Friday abortion vigil matched with counterprotest Another bolt from the Blues: Late goal puts Wild in 0-2 hole vs. St. Louis Twins lose series opener to White Sox on soggy night at Target Field Small-town Minnesota mayor resigns amid claims of hiding millions State Fair's 'Original' cheese curds stand closing after 42 years After less than 2 years on job, UCare CEO is jumping to HealthPartners next South Metro 419521233 South metro police blotter, April 16 April 14, 2017 — 11:21pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint JORDAN MARCH 17 Check welfare. Officers responded to a home on the 300 block of 1st Street W. to check the welfare of a man's mother. The man said he received a suspicious phone call supposedly coming from "a Mexican drug cartel" about his mother and he wanted to make sure she was OK. Officers checked the woman's home and no one was there. An officer re-contacted the reporting party and he said he learned that his mother had gone to the zoo. MARCH 19 Suspicious activity. An officer observed a man walking near Rice Street S. and 1st Street E. and he appeared to be acting erratically. After the officer spoke with the man, it was determined he was just singing along with headphones on. MARCH 22 Drugs. Officers stopped a vehicle for speeding at Broadway Street N. and 4th Street. The driver, a 20-year-old man, was arrested for two charges of felony fifth degree controlled substances, minor in possession of alcohol, possession of marijuana in a motor vehicle, allowing an open container, and speeding. A 20-year-old male passenger was cited for misdemeanor minor in possession of alcohol and misdemeanor minor consumption of alcohol. A 19-year-old male passenger was cited for misdemeanor minor possession of alcohol and misdemeanor possession of an open container of alcohol in a motor vehicle. A 20-year-old female passenger was cited with misdemeanor minor in possession of alcohol. LAKEVILLE WEEK OF MARCH 19-25 Theft. Cash and a watch were missing after contractors did some work at a home on the 16000 block of Iris Court. Warrant. A 27-year-old man was arrested on a warrant following a traffic stop at Judicial Road and 185th Street E. Drunken driving. A 23-year-old man was arrested for drunken driving following a traffic stop at Kenwood Trail and 175th Street W. Theft. A 24-year-old man was arrested for theft after he was caught stealing merchandise from Wal-Mart, 20710 Keokuk Av. This was his 16th time stealing from Wal-Mart. PRIOR LAKE MARCH 25 Drugs. A 17-year-old Prior Lake boy was cited for possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia on the 2900 block of Fox Hollow NW. SHAKOPEE MARCH 21 Driving violations. A 15-year-old Shakopee girl was arrested on Bluestem Avenue and Vierling Drive for criminal vehicular operation, obstructing the legal process and not having a driver's license. MARCH 22 Drugs. A 17-year-old Shakopee boy was cited for possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia and underage consumption of alcohol on Mystic Lake Drive and Eagle Creek Boulevard. MARCH 24 Drugs. A 41-year-old Shakopee man was arrested for possession of a controlled substance, possession of counterfeit money and for an ineligible person in possession of a firearm on the 1500 block of Harvest Lane. MARCH 25 Drugs. A 24-year-old Bloomington man was cited for possession of marijuana, possession of drug paraphernalia and speeding following a traffic stop at Highway 169 and Spencer Street. MARCH 26 Obstruction. A 17-year-old Shakopee boy was arrested for obstructing the legal process, trespassing, possession of alcohol and underage alcohol consumption on the 900 block of Princeton Avenue. Burglary. A 30-year-old Shakopee man was arrested for burglary on the 500 block of 3rd Avenue. Susan Hilliard • 612-673-7131 An arrest or citation means police suspect a crime has occurred; they are allegations and still must go before a judge. Items are selected from reports made to police departments and are not intended to provide a comprehensive picture of crime. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Bumped from a Spirit flight, but family's 'free' flight vouchers cost $600 Mpls. Muslims protest 'sharia' vigilante in Cedar-Riverside area Two top officials in Mpls. Mayor Betsy Hodges' campaign resign Five new cases of measles confirmed in Hennepin County Another bolt from the Blues: Late goal puts Wild in 0-2 hole vs. St. Louis Mpls. council candidates want 6th Ward caucus results tossed North/east metro police reports North/east metro police blotter, Feb. 5 West metro police blotter, Jan. 8 South metro police blotter, Jan. 15 South metro police blotter excerpts More From Local Local 40 minutes ago Manifesto-writing fugitive found camping on Wisconsin farm Fearing a mass shooting, authorities chased nearly 800 leads in search of a Wisconsin man they believed had a cache of stolen firearms and had written of his desire to commit violent acts against the government. Minneapolis 55 minutes ago Minneapolis City Council takes steps to regulate strip clubs The move comes after two recent investigations revealed health and safety risks at several venues. West Metro April 14 'A wake-up call': How the election inspired a new period of civic engagement in the suburbs Social divisiveness is moving people from social media keyboards to out on the streets. South Metro April 14 Supper club tradition continues in Jordan Time-honored eating and drinking formula works, even as others have mostly faded. East Metro April 14 In Forest Lake, city police or county sheriff? Proposal to disband local law enforcement isn't going over well with many residents. Top Stories Delta aims to avoid United fiasco with $9,950 offer to overbooked Apr. 14 Two top officials in Mpls. Mayor Betsy Hodges' campaign resign Apr. 14 Five new cases of measles confirmed in Hennepin County Apr. 14 Most Read Supper club tradition continues in Jordan • South Metro Charges: Burnsville teacher had sex with student, sent explicit messages to another • South Metro New allegations against Burnsville teacher charged with criminal sexual conduct • South Metro Burnsville's Joe Gothard named new St. Paul Schools superintendent • South Metro Minnesota police ramp up fight to keep drivers' eyes on the road • South Metro World North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade Pope speaks of humanity's "shame" in Good Friday procession Nation Minority teachers represent less than 20 percent of the teaching force Manifesto-writing fugitive appears in federal court Politics Good Friday abortion vigil matched with counterprotest Trump White House decides to keep visitor records secret markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Another bolt from the Blues: Late goal puts Wild in 0-2 hole vs. St. Louis Reusse: Wild deserved no better than what it got in Game 2 Twins Twins lose series opener to White Sox on soggy night at Target Field Carew opens up about organ transplant; donor is a former NFL player Wolves Thibodeau praises Rubio - with a caveat Timberwolves' young foundation facing a 'critical summer' Celebrities Carew opens up about organ transplant; donor is a former NFL player Glen Campbell's last studio album to be released in June Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Volunteers still needed for 2018 Super Bowl at U.S. Bank Stadium poll Poll: If you could have season tickets for one Minnesota pro team, w... 10,000 Takes How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings How the 1987 Minnesota Twins helped me grieve my father Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Study uses epidural stimulation to aid people with spinal cord injur... 02:17 The Mayo Clinic is conducting a study using epidural stimulation on spinal ... Taste New Twin Cities game bars put fun (and craft beers) on tap A vegan croissant? It's happening, in Minneapolis, on April 21 StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Saturday, April 15, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets As government grows, K Street lobbyists get parallel boost by Luke Rosiak | Apr 14, 2015, 5:00 AM The 1300 block of K Street in northwest Washington, Thursday, Jan. 30th, 2014. (Graeme Jennings/Examiner File) Source: Congressional Budget Office, OpenSecrets.org. Lobbying has grown in direct proportion to government spending, with special interest groups consistently spending almost exactly $1 million for every billion dollars in federal expenditures. The correlation suggests that while liberal politicians portray K Street lobbyists as villains ruining Washington, it may be Big Government policies that attract them, according to a Washington Examiner analysis. The money spent on lobbying rose from $1.5 billion in 1998 to a high of $3.6 billion in 2010, during President Obama's stimulus package. During that same time period, spending grew from $1.7 trillion to $3.5 trillion. Experts said that as lawmakers have created new government programs and pumped up spending on existing programs, companies and activist groups have mobilized lobbyists to figure out how to cash in on the newfound money. "To paraphrase James Carville, drag a billion dollars through a trailer park, and there's no telling who will turn out," said Bill Allison, a lobbying expert at the Sunlight Foundation. "Lobbying is an overhead expense of Big Government — a constant." Sunlight is a nonprofit that seeks more government transparency. In some ways, it's a chicken-and-egg relationship, and a competing theory is that lobbyists are causing the government to grow. To be sure, some companies lobby to increase the federal budget in areas on which they can profit. That includes defense contractors like General Dynamics, Lockheed Martin, and Boeing; government consultants like Accenture; quasi-public entities like public television stations; and healthcare firms like Emergent BioSolutions and AdvaMed. But many companies would prefer lower taxes over new government spending. If their lobbyists were successful, the result should be less government spending — in order to balance out the lower taxes — rather than the increase in government outlays, as measured by the Congressional Budget Office. Lobbying on taxes are mammoth companies like Microsoft, Wal-Mart, ExxonMobil and FedEx. Those companies may boost their lobbying presence as a reaction to government growth, which they see signaling higher taxes on the horizon. Three thousand entities hired lobbyists on federal appropriations last year, while 2,000 hired lobbyists on tax issues, according to the Center for Responsive Politics. Lobbyists generally don't create demand, they sense an opportunity and respond to it, Allison said. "If I didn't think government had an interest in funding me, I wouldn't be putting the effort into lobbying it." Often that interest comes in the form of well-intentioned programs crafted by liberals from which companies almost always seem to find a way to profit. Politicians created government-backed student loans, for example, out of concern for young people. But for-profit colleges now lobby heavily for them, and depend upon the revenue that results. Soda and junk food manufacturers lobby to boost the food stamp program, and green-energy companies' business models depend on legal carve-outs. Big Government spending on defense and national security has the same effect. Creation of a new cabinet-level agency, the Department of Homeland Security, after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, set off a gold rush of lobbying, as did the heightened defense spending of the subsequent wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, said Tim LaPira, a political science professor at James Madison University. Government taking on an expanded role — as it has done recently with healthcare — brings out lobbyists for both sides of an issue, as well as a crop of entities who were formerly not politically active, but now see a chance to profit. "A governmental decision to become involved in an issue area sets the agenda for existing and potential organized interests," LaPira and colleagues wrote in an academic paper titled "Drawing lobbyists to Washington." "If government had no authority over or involvement in an issue-area, then there would be little point in forming an interest group to lobby," LaPira and colleagues wrote. Demian Brady of the National Taxpayers Union noted that, while lobbying parallels federal spending, it doesn't match up so smoothly with federal revenues. "New federal programs create new constituencies who then lobby not only for additional benefits but to protect what they've already been granted," he said. "The benefits to the constituents of a given program are concentrated, while the costs of those programs are diffused, so that those people with the benefits have a much greater incentive to lobby on behalf of themselves than" taxpayers do to keep costs down. Spending Accountability Luke Rosiak Lobbying Taxes Watchdog Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 4 hours ago DHS Secretary John Kelly: Cyberattack more likely than military action from North Korea 2 hours ago Trump's Pentagon nominees head to Senate, but they bring baggage 9 hours ago Steve King: 'Every day' of Trump presidency has been a 'violation of the Constitution' 11 hours ago Bad idea: Trump White House will hide its visitor logs 13 hours ago Former HHS chief suggests end-of-life changes in Medicare 14 hours ago Congress seeks urgency for FDA reforms 15 hours ago Afghanistan commander, not Trump, approved massive bomb strike, reports say 15 hours ago Regional banks ask bipartisan duo to let them out of 'too big to fail' category 16 hours ago Milk and cronyism: Scandals heating up for potential 2020 candidate Andrew Cuomo in New York 17 hours ago Trump finally refocuses on Obamacare overhaul 17 hours ago Getting ready: Pentagon to protect electric grid from massive attack 18 hours ago Inflation unexpectedly slows in March, breaking upward trend and complicated Fed decisions 1 day ago Ivanka Trump accepts Angela Merkel's invitation to speak at women's empowerment event 1 day ago Sheldon Adelson donated to Ted Cruz following GOP convention debacle 1 day ago Commerce's Ross on trade: 'The games are over' 1 day ago Trump administration issues final rule for Obamacare exchanges About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy BJ’s Wholesale Club up for sale and Amazon may be interested By Josh Kosman View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 14, 2017 | 10:01pm | Updated April 14, 2017 | 10:02pm Modal Trigger AP More On: mergers & acquisitions Meredith comes up short in bid for Time Inc. Buffett-backed firm interested in bid for Panera Bread: sources Krispy Kreme owners buy Panera Bread for $7.5B Merger talks break down between two major law firms BJ’s Wholesale Club is putting itself up for sale, and Amazon has expressed modest internal interest in the chain, retail resources tell The Post. BJ’s, a Northeast-regional warehouse retailer that’s owned by private equity firms, has recently scrapped ambitions for an initial public offering because of Wall Street’s growing worries over the retail sector, sources said. Instead, CVC Capital Partners and Leonard Green & Partners, the buyout firms that took BJ’s private for $2.8 billion six years ago, are pressing ahead for an outright sale that could fetch more than $4 billion, according to people close to the situation. BJ’s has been interviewing bankers so it can begin a sale process, and the company plans to distribute sales books in a few weeks, sources said. Retail-savvy buyout firms, like KKR, Bain Capital, TPG and Blackstone, are expected to take a look, insiders said. In 2011, Walmart made an unsuccessful approach to buy BJ’s, but is unlikely to make another attempt, one source speculated. Meanwhile, Amazon — which has been exploring an expansion into brick-and-mortar stores after conquering online retailing — has also recently discussed evaluating BJ’s as an acquisition target, a source close to the situation said. It is not known if the e-commerce giant is still interested or, if it is, will bid on the chain if it goes on the block. CVC and Leonard Green expect to attract between $4 billion and $4.5 billion in a sale — roughly nine times BJ’s $450 million in Ebitda, or earnings before interest, taxes, debt and amortization. If successful, the private equity firms will have invested about $600 million in cash since buying BJ’s in 2011 (the rest of the buyout was funded with debt), while collecting between $2.8 billion and $3.3 billion in dividends and sale proceeds — roughly a five-fold return on their money. BJ’s, which operates 213 warehouse clubs and 130 gas stations across 15 states, generates about $250 million a year from membership fees. BJ’s and Amazon also share overlap when it comes to merchandise, as both do a big business selling groceries, electronics, home goods and auto parts. BJ’s also has a robust business in appliances and furniture — niches where Amazon is looking to expand, according to one source. Amazon, meanwhile, has been struggling to find enough warehouse space for its Amazon Fresh delivery service, and adding BJ’s could be a help, at least in the Northeast, the source said. However, the private equity firms’ cost-cutting and cash skimming has hurt BJ’s competitively, Kantar Research analyst Tim Campbell said. The chain has not done as well as it could online, hasn’t grown much beyond its Northeast base, and has had trouble retaining newer members, he said. “I think the buyout has been beneficial to the owners but not for the actual BJ’s business,” Campbell told The Post. A BJ’s spokesman said, “As a matter of policy, BJ’s Wholesale Club does not comment on rumors and speculation. As a company, we’re focused on providing outstanding value and service to our members.” Amazon did not return calls. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under amazon ,  mergers & acquisitions ,  private equity ,  retailers Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Apple enters self-driving car race Read Next Apple enters self-driving car race Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 24,422 'Police impersonator' messes with the wrong guy 21,829 Why I won't date hot women anymore 18,191 CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party Now On Sonja Morgan can’t seem to escape Tipsy Girl drama Director James Gray ‘has no ill will’ toward Harvey Weinstein CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party SEE ALL Video What To Watch This Weekend, No Matter Your Mood More Stories pagesix CNN honchos have heated exchange at swanky media party Now On Decider Sex On Netflix: Did You Know That Netflix Has A “Steamy” Section? nypost 'Police impersonator' messes with the wrong guy New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Giving yourself permission to do needed things April 14, 2017 • Editorial I’d like to write today about spring in New Mexico since the temperatures have been hovering in the 70s, and like many of you, I’m ready for the season to change. I am not one of those people who always knows the dates for every event, holiday, or season. To be honest with you, I barely keep up with my own birthday. But, thanks to the internet and a quick search, I was able to discover there are two dates for the beginning of spring. The meteorological date of March 1 is based on splitting the seasons into four equal periods and is done this way to make things easier on people when it comes to planning and forecasting. Ho[auth] wever, the astrological date for the first day of spring falls on March 20 and is based on the tilt of the Earth’s axis and the rotational tilt as it orbits the sun. Whew! That was a lot of scientific mumbo jumbo that, if quoted incorrectly, will anger any scientist who reads this column. Let me back up now and say if we look at the first date, then spring began a month and a half ago, and we are seeing its effects with this great weather we are having. But, if we look at the astrological date, then there may still be some surprises ahead. Of course, we all know this great weather is just a little trick we always get right before Easter and soon, we may have an Arctic blast come through for that one, last, bitterly cold day before we see temperatures remain in the warmer ranges. C’mon, how many times have we rushed out to Home Depot, Wal-Mart or any other store with tons of beautiful plants and flowers with dreams of the perfect garden waiting at home to be filled with color? We take our prizes home like so many greedy children whose pockets are filled with sweets and create this amazing display of beauty we believe will make it this one time. But, then here comes “Old Man Winter” with just one more trick up his sleeve and bingo. The next thing we know, all of our beautiful flowers are covered beneath a layer of icy, freezing cold snow. Please, bear with me because I know we are infinitely ready for the renewal of color and life that springs forth from flower beds, flower pots and window planters. Also, I know many of you are feeling the itch to plant, but I’m hoping everyone waits until after Easter. I promise you if you do, then you will be almost guaranteed to have a safe planting. I did throw in that disclaimer since I have in the past, been hiding Easter eggs inside because the weather was terrible outside. Spring is the time for renewal. I think we look at spring and think about what needs doing in our lives. There are many who look at themselves and realize the winter months weren’t exactly great for the figure and now they have a few months to get back into swimsuit condition. Many of us think about this briefly on New Year’s Day as we make those resolutions to change, but it can be hard to stay motivated. But, with the dawning of spring, we know there are no excuses left and time is running out if we want to make any significant changes. Spring is about starting over; planting new seeds we hope will take root and help us as we make our way through the year. I truly believe this is the season for rebirth, as well as renewal. What I mean by this is we all have the opportunity to begin again brand new and cast aside all of the old stuff that has been keeping us from being the person we want to be. Spring is the season when we can begin being better than we have been; kinder than we have been and more loving than we have been. I want to urge each one of you who reads this to do one thing. One of my oldest and dearest friends, Clarinda Nunez used to say one thing to me that I never quite understood until later on after I had some time to think about it. She would say, “Mike you have to give yourself permission to …” You can add whatever it is you need for you at the end of the sentence. Permission to grieve; permission to cry; permission to be angry; permission to forgive; permission to change. As you enjoy the season of spring this year, I hope you take a few moments to consider what it is you need to give yourself permission to do, and then do it. ——— Jose Mike Jimenez is a freelance writer and was an instructor at ENMU-R until his retirement. He can be reached at jmikejimenez@hotmail.com. Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « NFL officiating chief Dean Blandino resigns City should have reopened pool » Business Review Farmers Insurance – Gina Dwyer Agency Dining Guide Zen Asian Diner Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years New Mexico Catholics undertake annual Easter pilgrimage April 14, 2017 Game over for middle-school sports in New Mexico district April 14, 2017 Energy company strikes $3 billion deal in New Mexico April 14, 2017 Navajo president seeks closure in case of slain officer April 14, 2017 Task force to review juvenile justice system in New Mexico April 13, 2017 New Mexico lawmakers mull litigation in budget standoff April 13, 2017 Feds roll out good news on New Mexico water front April 13, 2017 New Mexico deputy’s lawyers seek murder charge dismissal April 13, 2017 UNM dropping men’s and women’s ski programs over budget cuts April 13, 2017 New Mexico Supreme Court smooths way for no-bond detentions April 12, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Lifestyle Recalls this week: Water-absorbing toys, drawer chests The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Associated Press By Associated Press April 14 at 3:09 PM More than 500,000 water-absorbing toys are being recalled because they pose hazard to children if ingested. Other recalled consumer products this week include potentially defective garbage disposals and drink tumblers. Here’s a more detailed look: WATER-ABSORBING TOYS DETAILS: Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs, Easter Grow Toys and Hatch Your Own Dino sold at Target stores nationwide from February 2017 through March 2017. Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs and Easter Grow Toys have model number 234-25-1200 on the back of the product’s packaging. Hatch Your Own Dino Egg has model number 234-09-0016 on the label inserted in the product’s packaging. The pink, blue, or purple Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs include a white bunny, brown bunny, or butterfly. The Easter Grow Toys include a yellow chick, brown bunny, or white bunny. The Hatch Your Own Dino Eggs are purple or yellow/green and contains one of eleven dinosaurs. WHY: If the small toy is ingested, it can expand inside a child’s body and cause intestinal obstructions, resulting in severe discomfort, vomiting, dehydration, and could be life threatening. Surgery is required to remove the toy from the body, if ingested. Medical professionals and parents should be aware that there is a possibility that the toys might not show up on an x-ray. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 560,000. FOR MORE: Call Target at 800- 440-0680 between 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. CT Monday through Sunday, visit www.target.com and click on “Recalls” at the bottom of the page, then on “School/Stationery/Seasonal,” or the “Product Recalls” tab on Target’s Facebook page. CHEST OF DRAWERS DETAILS: Bow Front chests of drawers from the Vanguard Furniture Compendium Collection sold at Furniture stores from August 2015 to February 2017. The eight-drawer beechwood chests have primavera veneers and are finished in a variety of custom colors. The chests weigh 250 pounds and measure 36 inches high by 20 inches deep by 75 inches wide. Tip restraint kits were included with each chest of drawers. WHY: The recalled chests are unstable if they are not anchored to a wall, posing a serious tip-over and entrapment hazard that can result in injuries or death to children. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 170. FOR MORE: Call Vanguard Furniture at 800-968-1702 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice@vanguardfurniture.com, or visit www.VanguardFurniture.com and click on “Contact.” DRINK TUMBLERS DETAILS: 14-ounce Teavana flip tumblers used for steeping hot tea. The recalled tumblers have a clear plastic cap with a welded black base that screws onto a stainless steel tumbler. The tumblers were sold in black and silver and measure about 10 inches tall by 3 inches in diameter. “Teavana” is printed on the side of the tumbler. Sold at Teavana stores nationwide and at Teavana.com from October 2016 through February 2017. WHY: The flip tumblers can leak hot liquid, posing a burn hazard. INCIDENTS: 12 reports of the tumblers leaking, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer’s abdomen. HOW MANY: About 23,600 in the U.S. and about 1,600 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Teavana at 877-832-8262 from 5:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday and 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. PT on Saturday or visit www.Teavana.com and click on “Recall Information” at the bottom of the page and then select “Teavana Flip Tumbler.” GARBAGE DISPOSALS DETAILS: This recall involves 3/4 and 1 horsepower disposals sold at Best Buy, HD Supply, Menards, and plumbing supply stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, HomeDepot.com, Walmart.com and other websites from December 2015 through March 2017. Details on recalled brands, model numbers and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Anaheim-and-Moen-Recall-Garbage-Disposals . The disposal housings were sold in silver, gray, black and blue and have the brand name printed on them. The brand name, model number and serial number are printed on a label on the bottom or side of the disposals. WHY: A metal component inside the disposal can break off and come out of the disposal during use, posing an impact hazard. INCIDENTS: 22 reports of a metal component coming out of a disposal, including three reports of a broken component hitting consumers. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 146,000 in the U.S. and about 2,700 were sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Anaheim Manufacturing at 800-628-0797 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or visit www.anaheimmfg.com and click on “Product Recalls” at the bottom of the page. UTILITY VEHICLES DETAILS John Deere Gator Utility Vehicles with model number XUV590i or XUV590i S4 printed on the hood and the “John Deere” and “Gator” brand names printed on the cargo box. The serial number, located on the frame on the rear of the machine above the hitch, ranges from “1M0590 to M010001 - 20742” and “1M0590 to M010001 - 20277”. They were sold at John Deere dealers nationwide from January 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The dust boot on the throttle cable can come loose, resulting in the vehicle not slowing down or stopping, posing a crash hazard. INCIDENTS: 2 reports of the dust boot on the throttle cable coming loose. No reports of injuries. HOW MANY: About 8,500. FOR MORE: Call Deere & Co. at 800-537-8233, from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. ET, or visit www.deere.com and select “Product Recall Information” on the drop-down menu under “Services & Support.” ADJUSTABLE BEDS DETAILS: The bases of Customatic adjustable beds. These power foundations were offered in all bed sizes and were sold with hand-held remote controls, allowing the head and/or foot of the bed mattress to be moved up and down. These bases also have a side-mounted AC outlet. The model numbers can be found on the metal frame near the foot of the bed. A detailed list can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Customatic-Beds-Recalls-Adjustable-Beds . They were sold at Sleepy’s and other mattress stores nationwide from June 2012 through January 2017. WHY: The bed’s side-mounted AC outlets can be incorrectly wired, posing an electric shock hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 50,000. FOR MORE: Call Customatic Beds at 844-815-9023 from 9 a.m. through 9 p.m. ET Monday through Saturday. SOLAR PANELS DETAILS: This recall involves Roof-Mounted Bosch Photovoltaic Solar Modules with model number c-Si M 60 NA30119. Bosch solar modules are photovoltaic solar panels used to generate electricity. Each module measures approximately 65 inches by 39 inches by 1.65 inches, and weighs just less than 42 pounds. The solar cells are housed in a glass-foil laminate framed by an anodized aluminum profile. The output power of the panel is 245-watt peak. WHY: The solar panels can overheat, posing a risk of fire. INCIDENTS: Commercial installers nationwide from October 2011 through May 2013. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Bosch at 855-866-8470 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, send email to boschsolar@us.bosch or visit www.bosch-solarenergy.com and click on “Learn More” under “Roof-installed solar panel recall” and to register for free replacement. ALL-TERRAIN VEHICLES DETAILS: This recall involves model year 2017 Polaris Sportsman 450, 570, 850, 1000 and Scrambler 1000 model ATVs. They were sold at Polaris dealers nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. The recalled ATVs have “Polaris” printed on the front grill and “Sportsman 450,” ‘’Sportsman 570,” ‘’Sportsman 850,” ‘’Sportsman 1000” or “Scrambler 1000” printed on the side of the steering column. The model number is located on the fuel tank cover. To check for recalled vehicles by VIN, visit www.polaris.com . Details can also be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Polaris-Recalls-Sportsman-All-Terrain-Vehicles-Recall-Alert WHY: The electronic power steering unit can malfunction, posing a crash hazard. INCIDENTS: 15 reports of the electronic power steering unit malfunctioning. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 3,800. FOR MORE: Call Polaris at 800-765-2747 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.polaris.com and click on “Off Road Safety Recalls” at the bottom of the page. OFF-HIGHWAY VEHICLES DETAILS: This recall involves all model year 2015 Polaris Ranger XP 900, XP 900 EPS, and CREW 900 recreational off-highway vehicles (ROVs). They were sold at Polaris dealers nationwide from April 2014 through March 2017. The recalled ROVs were sold in a variety of colors and have either three or six seats and a rear box. “Ranger” is printed on the rear box, and “900” is printed on the hood. All 2015 Ranger 900 models and vehicle identification numbers (VINs) are included in this recall. The VIN is printed on the frame on the driver’s side towards the rear of the vehicle. To check for recalled vehicles by VIN, visit www.polaris.com . Details can also be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Polaris-Recalls-Ranger-900-Recreational-Off-Highway-Vehicles WHY: A heat shield can fall off the vehicle, posing fire and burn hazards to riders. INCIDENTS: 13 incident reports involving the recalled ROVs, including five reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 51,000. FOR MORE: Call Polaris at 800-765-2747 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday and Friday, or visit www.polaris.com and click on “Off Road Safety Recalls” at the bottom of the page. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. lifestyle true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 5 questions for a Washington Post reporter whose eyebrows became a meme 2 Analysis ‘13 Reasons Why’ depicts a graphic suicide. Experts say there’s a problem with that. 3 Perspective Carolyn Hax: A husband who’s headed toward obesity and health problems 4 Perspective NY Post warns of the perils of dating ‘hot women.’ Here are 20 other types to avoid. 5 Melania Trump seemed like a rebellious first lady. She’s turning out to be a retro one. The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe lifestyle Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Walmart to introduce discounts on pickup Apr 12, 2017 UNFI takes a hit in Whole Foods investment Apr 11, 2017 Supervalu expands on West Coast with Unified acquisition Apr 11, 2017 Activists take stake in Whole Foods Apr 10, 2017 Kroger names Foley chief accounting officer Apr 10, 2017 Featured Producer food prices inch up in March Apr 13, 2017 Loblaw to slow new builds, accelerate renovations Apr 13, 2017 Observers see change on horizon for Whole Foods Apr 13, 2017 Pattison Group open to Sobeys acquisitions Apr 12, 2017 10 Items or Less brought to you by monsitj/iStock/Thinkstock News>Online Retail Can artificial intelligence solve e-commerce inefficiency? Instacart’s deep learning; how not to speed checkout Jon Springer | Apr 14, 2017 This post is part of the 10 Items or Less blog.  E-commerce technologies and brick-and-mortar supermarkets can’t stop running down the aisle together, but from my seat in the pews, it appears a marriage borne more out of necessity than true compatibility. Take, for example, the fundamental inefficiencies inherent in generating fast and precise shopping trips — a necessity of any store-based e-commerce effort with any prayer of profitability — with the fact that the setting for them was designed in most cases to facilitate leisurely trips and unplanned impulse buys. That’s a challenge for fast-growing click-and-collect operations at places like Kroger and Walmart, and for concierge shoppers like Instacart and Shipt, that use the local grocery store as a warehouse. Job Portraits Jimmy Stanley, Instacart For Jeremy Stanley, VP of data science at Instacart, one way to a happy marriage is artificial intelligence. In a recent interview, he described to me how the San Francisco-based company has used machine learning to direct its shoppers to take the most efficient routes through stores while shopping on behalf of its customers. Instacart provides shopping and home delivery in a variety of stores — some with the ability to track and locate the location of every item on the shelf, others with inventories that might include a truckload of watermelons in the parking lot. Or as Stanley puts it, “some are like warehouses, some are like haunted houses.” Oftentimes, staple items like milk are deliberately placed in the rear of the store. That, of course, can encourage traditional shoppers to wheel their carts past a variety of profit-making items but is an enemy of those for whom shopping time is money. “In a grocery store all of the yogurt is presented in front of the shopper in a single frame — there’s 1,000 different flavors and varieties. If you want something specific it can be very hard to find it. If you were to design a store for picking speed, you wouldn’t have that,” he said. “You’d have on the shelf a particular yogurt, sitting next to a soda, sitting next to a cereal, so if you wanted to get a particular yogurt it would be the only one there to grab.” Given that backdrop, Stanley led a process at Instacart that over the past several months tested various means to suggest how its employees shop for items on a list most efficiently, ranging from an alphabetical list used as a base; to a route based on clusters of items mapped in a store (“the traveling salesman route”); and finally to an artificial intelligence approach that used data from the company’s most efficient shoppers — oftentimes, store stockers who “moonlight” taking items off the shelves for Instacart — to predict a sequence of picks that would be the most efficient.  Explaining exactly how Stanley’s team crushed its data is a subject for scientists, but Stanley said it was not unlike the way other complex questions are being tackled today. “Increasingly, people are using AI to solve hard problems like translation. How do you translate an English sentence into a French sentence? Well, it turns out that algorithm we’re using to try and figure out ‘how do you sort 50 items to mirror how a human would pick them in a store?’ is very similar to ‘how do you translate a sentence?’”  The results need little translation. Instacart found shoppers utilizing the “traveling salesman” approach to be twice as fast as those using a random, alphabetized list — but that the AI approach was twice as fast as the traveling salesman route (Stanley declined to specify a per-item pick time, saying the data was confidential). Using AI, Instacart is able to “guess” the next item a shopper will pick 60% of the time. “It’s not 95%,” he confessed, “but there’s room for variance and error. When we look at the overall sequence it mimics what the shopper does very closely, and usually only reverses a few items per trip.” About a month ago, Instacart rolled out AI-sequenced shopping lists as the default order sorter for all its shoppers. Stanley noted that its shoppers aren’t required to follow the suggested order — some, he noted, like to scroll from the bottom — but he said the technology is winning their trust, and trust is one part of a good marriage. Bad Idea The Coles supermarket chain in Australia this week dialed back a campaign designed to call attention to open check stands to meet an expected Easter shopping rush. It’s not that the service initiative didn’t work, but promoting it by asking its checkers to hold up signs saying “I’m Free” led to some staff members complaining they were subsequently harassed by shoppers checking them out, the Sidney Morning Herald reported. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Amazon Fresh sales hit $10M in Q1: ReportApr 14, 2017 Loblaw to slow new builds, accelerate renovationsApr 13, 2017 Walmart to introduce discounts on pickupApr 12, 2017 Q&A with Albertsons’ digital SVPApr 06, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Posts | Comments | E-mail / No Bull, No Fluff, No Smudges Your news source for Flagler, Florida and Beyond All Else, Carousel, Cops/Courts, Featured, Flagler 911, Flagler, Palm Coast & Other Local News Home Flagler Bunnell Beverly Beach Marineland Flagler County Commission Flagler Headliners Flagler History Tourist Development Council Mondex/Daytona North The Hammock Daily Briefing Economic Development Council Palm Coast Palm Coast Crime Business & Economy Development & Sprawl Palm Coast City Council Cops/Courts Flagler 911 Fire House Circuit & County Court Florida Supreme Court Traffic Accidents Federal Courts Prisons and Jails Flagler County Sheriff Flagler Jail Bookings Economy Health Care Real Estate & Development Jobs & Unemployment Taxes Leisure & Tourism Local Business Transportation Business Briefs Advertisers Local Media Flagler and Florida Beaches Culture Your Music Fix Books Arts in Palm Coast & Flagler Flagler Auditorium Flagler Youth Orchestra Flagler Playhouse Live Gallery Special Events City Repertory Theatre African American Cultural Society Jacksonville Symphony Orchestra Palm Coast Arts Foundation Florida Florida Legislature Federal Politics Environment & Water Rick Scott Florida History This Week in Tallahassee Beyond Americana St. Johns Putnam Volusia Commentary Editor's Blog Pierre Tristam Guest Columns Voices From the Grave Project Syndicate Nancy Smith All Else The Live Wire Backgrounders Quote This Library News Briefs Religion & Beliefs Miss Flagler County Photo Galleries Videos Flagler Encyclopedia Weather and Climate In Coming Days Obituaries Elections 2016 Presidential Election Courts Constitutionals Congressional Flagler County Commission Florida Legislature Polls Voting Rights Campaign Finance Amendments and Referendums City Elections Governor Flagler School Board Rights & Liberties First Amendment Second Amendment Third Amendment Fourth Amendment Fifth Amendment Sixth Amendment Seventh Amendment Eighth Amendment 10th Amendment Sunshine Law Human Rights Privacy 14th Amendment Civil Rights Immigration Labor Rights Flagler Beach Flagler Beach Crime Flagler Beach City Commission Bunnell Bunnell Crime Bunnell Centennial Bunnell City Commission Outdoors The Seas Parks Wildlife Environmental Protection Health & Society Health Care Reform Children and Families Health Care Business Elderly Care & Medicare Medicaid and Medicare Mental Health Poverty Flagler County Health Department Cancer Violence Sports World Cup 2014 Schools Flagler Palm Coast High School Matanzas High School Stetson University Bunnell Elementary Rymfire Elementary Wadsworth Elementary Belle Terre Elementary Old Kings Elementary Heritage Academy Imagine School Buddy Taylor Middle Daytona State College Flagler County School Board Indian Trails Middle St. Elizabeth Ann Seton Teachers & Employees of the Year Higher Education University of Florida/Florida State Adult Education Charter Schools About Contact Us Comment Policy Mission Statement Our Values Advertise on FlaglerLive (386) 586-0257 Community Calendar Useful Links Support FlaglerLive Bookchat Updike Carrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat FlaglerLive | April 14, 2017 Carrabas on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge. Last Updated: 5:45 p.m. A bomb threat was called into Carrabba’s restaurant on Cypress Edge in Palm Coast late this afternoon. By 5:45 p.m., the scene was declared secure and cleared. “Subject called in and said basically, ‘I’m going to blow up your building,” a sheriff’s spokesman said just after 5 p.m.  Flagler County Sheriff’s units have converged to the scene, staging at the Walmart parking lot, closing Cypress Edge but only in front of the restaurant, and preparing to examine the scene with a bomb-sniffing dog.  The Palm Coast Fire Department is there, as is one rescue by the county’s fire department. Carrabba’s is at 160 Cypress Edge Drive. Neighboring businesses, which include Florida Hospital Flagler’s annex, have been notified of the emergency, but there are no evacuation orders. Asked whether any people were left in the restaurant, the spokesman, who was operating on limited information at that point, said: “I can’t say with any certainty whether there is or there is not.”  Shortly afterward, the spokesman said the restaurant had been evacuated, and that a bomb-sniffing dog had completed one walk-through of the business, finding “nothing suspicious so far.” Another walk-through was to take place. It’s not clear from where the call was placed, only that the caller was “pretty straight-forward,” the sheriff’s spokesman said. The spokesman expected the issue to be resolved “very soon,” with no plans to call in the St. Johns County Sheriff’s bomb squad. That squad is usually called in when a device feared to be a bomb is actually found. No bomb was found and the all-clear was signaled at 5:45 p.m. Recommend or share: Tweet Print More Email Share on Tumblr Questions? Corrections? Suggestions? Email the editor | Print this Article | Email to a friend 8 Responses for “Carrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat” Veteran says: April 14, 2017 at 5:43 pm The jerk probably didn’t like his spaghetti and meatballs! Reply USA Lover says: April 14, 2017 at 6:03 pm Good old Palm Compton,the rectum of Florida. Reply girl says: April 14, 2017 at 6:40 pm what is happening to our city??? Reply South Florida says: April 14, 2017 at 8:12 pm This place has sure changed. Reply Steve Vanne says: April 14, 2017 at 8:17 pm Our town is falling part… Reply Anonymous says: April 14, 2017 at 8:28 pm Sounds like an ex employee. Reply C says: April 14, 2017 at 8:42 pm Very sick of THIS once nice city. A bunch of hoodlums now. CLEAN UP THIS PLACE AND RUN OUT THESE LOW LIFE TRASHY PEOPLE!!! And the traffic and the way these punks drive needs to stop!!! They do not own our streets. Reply Ron R. says: April 14, 2017 at 8:51 pm Review the HR files for recently reprimanded or fired employees. Or maybe an employee’s jilted lover. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Read FlaglerLive's Comment Policy | Subscribe to the Comment Feed Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. More stories on FlaglerLive A Suicide By Gunshot Jolts 911 Call as Sheriff Observes Flagler’s Dispatch Center in Action Carrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat UPS Truck Driver Trapped 4 Hours in Crashed Cab On I-95; Brittany Fortner, 24, Killed 30 Miles North Florida Supreme Court Upholds Taxing Satellite TV at Nearly Twice the Rate of Cable Categories: All Else, Carousel, Cops/Courts, Featured, Flagler 911, Flagler, Palm Coast & Other Local News Tags: bomb scares, carrabas restaurant Loading Live Briefs Thursday Briefing: Protesting Home Rule Violations, G.W. Carver Auction, Wetlands in Flagler Beach, Taxes Wednesday Briefing: Matanzas Construction Tech Program, Kids’ Town Hall With Provencher, Staly as a 911 Dispatcher Tuesday Briefing: Funnels Over Flagler, Bova Back in Court, Superintendent Search, Underground Railroad Monday Briefing: Rogers and Sowell Sworn-In, AARP Tax Help, Dan Rather on “Presidential” Trump, Cannibalism Archive for Live Briefs » Palm Coast Weather ADVERTISEMENTS Recent Comments Jan Reeger on A Suicide By Gunshot Jolts 911 Call as Sheriff Observes Flagler’s Dispatch Center in Action Ron R. on Carrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat C on Carrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat Anonymous on Carrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat Steve Vanne on Carrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat South Florida on Carrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat Anonymous on 2 Teens Face Felonies For Firing BB Gun at Full School Bus and Vehicles on Belle Terre The Ghost of America on Goons With Guns, Sheriff Edition W.Ryan on Goons With Guns, Sheriff Edition can'tfoolme on Florida Supreme Court Upholds Taxing Satellite TV at Nearly Twice the Rate of Cable Veteran on UPS Truck Driver Trapped 4 Hours in Crashed Cab On I-95; Brittany Fortner, 24, Killed 30 Miles North YankeeExPat on Goons With Guns, Sheriff Edition Truckers wife on UPS Truck Driver Trapped 4 Hours in Crashed Cab On I-95; Brittany Fortner, 24, Killed 30 Miles North girl on Carrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat Tweets from https://twitter.com/PierreTristam/lists/livewire The Latest on FlaglerLive A Suicide By Gunshot Jolts 911 Call as Sheriff Observes Flagler’s Dispatch Center in Action Carrabba’s on Palm Coast’s Cypress Edge Drive Is Target of a Bomb Threat UPS Truck Driver Trapped 4 Hours in Crashed Cab On I-95; Brittany Fortner, 24, Killed 30 Miles North Florida Supreme Court Upholds Taxing Satellite TV at Nearly Twice the Rate of Cable Goons With Guns, Sheriff Edition 2 Teens Face Felonies For Firing BB Gun at Full School Bus and Vehicles on Belle Terre Sponsors and Advertisers J&J Auto Body Sam Perkovich, ParkSide Realty Florida Hospital Flagler Daytona State College Subscribe to FlaglerLive Get immediate notification of new stories. Email Address Advertisement Flagler Palm Coast Cops/Courts Economy Culture Florida Beyond Commentary All Else Elections 2016 Rights & Liberties Flagler Beach Bunnell Outdoors Health & Society Sports Schools About Advertise on FlaglerLive (386) 586-0257 Community Calendar Useful Links Support FlaglerLive Bookchat RSS Log in Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. | FlaglerLive, P.O. Box 354263, Palm Coast, FL 32135-4263 | 386/586-0257 FlaglerLive.com
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Sat, Apr 15, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip EL Paso County just says no to medical marijuana testing businesses Brother: Man found shot to death outside Colorado Springs home involved in 'altercation' at club Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week David Ramsey: L.A., armed with economic sanity, leads Paris in race to host 2024 Olympics Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Longtime U.S. Olympic Committee official named Athena Award winner in Colorado Springs Colorado Springs sales tax collections up again in March Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight The quest for the perfect pillow: 'It's complicated' Rider in Residence: Be grateful for thinning operations Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Best of the Springs winners feted at benefit for Humane Society (see who won) Family, feminism at heart of Colorado Springs production of 'Sylvia' Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Girls' soccer: Air Academy vs. Lewis-Palmer Gazette's Best of Colorado Springs party is Springs-Tastic! Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Recalls this week: Water-absorbing toys, drawer chests By: The Associated Press, Associated Press April 14, 2017 Updated: April 14, 2017 at 2:06 pm 0 More than 500,000 water-absorbing toys are being recalled because they pose hazard to children if ingested. Other recalled consumer products this week include potentially defective garbage disposals and drink tumblers. Here's a more detailed look: WATER-ABSORBING TOYS DETAILS: Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs, Easter Grow Toys and Hatch Your Own Dino sold at Target stores nationwide from February 2017 through March 2017. Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs and Easter Grow Toys have model number 234-25-1200 on the back of the product's packaging. Hatch Your Own Dino Egg has model number 234-09-0016 on the label inserted in the product's packaging. The pink, blue, or purple Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs include a white bunny, brown bunny, or butterfly. The Easter Grow Toys include a yellow chick, brown bunny, or white bunny. The Hatch Your Own Dino Eggs are purple or yellow/green and contains one of eleven dinosaurs. WHY: If the small toy is ingested, it can expand inside a child's body and cause intestinal obstructions, resulting in severe discomfort, vomiting, dehydration, and could be life threatening. Surgery is required to remove the toy from the body, if ingested. Medical professionals and parents should be aware that there is a possibility that the toys might not show up on an x-ray. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 560,000. FOR MORE: Call Target at 800- 440-0680 between 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. CT Monday through Sunday, visit www.target.com and click on "Recalls" at the bottom of the page, then on "School/Stationery/Seasonal," or the "Product Recalls" tab on Target's Facebook page. CHEST OF DRAWERS DETAILS: Bow Front chests of drawers from the Vanguard Furniture Compendium Collection sold at Furniture stores from August 2015 to February 2017. The eight-drawer beechwood chests have primavera veneers and are finished in a variety of custom colors. The chests weigh 250 pounds and measure 36 inches high by 20 inches deep by 75 inches wide. Tip restraint kits were included with each chest of drawers. WHY: The recalled chests are unstable if they are not anchored to a wall, posing a serious tip-over and entrapment hazard that can result in injuries or death to children. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 170. FOR MORE: Call Vanguard Furniture at 800-968-1702 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice@vanguardfurniture.com, or visit www.VanguardFurniture.com and click on "Contact." DRINK TUMBLERS DETAILS: 14-ounce Teavana flip tumblers used for steeping hot tea. The recalled tumblers have a clear plastic cap with a welded black base that screws onto a stainless steel tumbler. The tumblers were sold in black and silver and measure about 10 inches tall by 3 inches in diameter. "Teavana" is printed on the side of the tumbler. Sold at Teavana stores nationwide and at Teavana.com from October 2016 through February 2017. WHY: The flip tumblers can leak hot liquid, posing a burn hazard. INCIDENTS: 12 reports of the tumblers leaking, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer's abdomen. HOW MANY: About 23,600 in the U.S. and about 1,600 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Teavana at 877-832-8262 from 5:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday and 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. PT on Saturday or visit www.Teavana.com and click on "Recall Information" at the bottom of the page and then select "Teavana Flip Tumbler." GARBAGE DISPOSALS DETAILS: This recall involves 3/4 and 1 horsepower disposals sold at Best Buy, HD Supply, Menards, and plumbing supply stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, HomeDepot.com, Walmart.com and other websites from December 2015 through March 2017. Details on recalled brands, model numbers and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Anaheim-and-Moen-Recall-Garbage-Disposals . The disposal housings were sold in silver, gray, black and blue and have the brand name printed on them. The brand name, model number and serial number are printed on a label on the bottom or side of the disposals. WHY: A metal component inside the disposal can break off and come out of the disposal during use, posing an impact hazard. INCIDENTS: 22 reports of a metal component coming out of a disposal, including three reports of a broken component hitting consumers. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 146,000 in the U.S. and about 2,700 were sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Anaheim Manufacturing at 800-628-0797 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or visit www.anaheimmfg.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. UTILITY VEHICLES DETAILS John Deere Gator Utility Vehicles with model number XUV590i or XUV590i S4 printed on the hood and the "John Deere" and "Gator" brand names printed on the cargo box. The serial number, located on the frame on the rear of the machine above the hitch, ranges from "1M0590 to M010001 - 20742" and "1M0590 to M010001 - 20277". They were sold at John Deere dealers nationwide from January 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The dust boot on the throttle cable can come loose, resulting in the vehicle not slowing down or stopping, posing a crash hazard. INCIDENTS: 2 reports of the dust boot on the throttle cable coming loose. No reports of injuries. HOW MANY: About 8,500. FOR MORE: Call Deere & Co. at 800-537-8233, from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. ET, or visit www.deere.com and select "Product Recall Information" on the drop-down menu under "Services & Support." ADJUSTABLE BEDS DETAILS: The bases of Customatic adjustable beds. These power foundations were offered in all bed sizes and were sold with hand-held remote controls, allowing the head and/or foot of the bed mattress to be moved up and down. These bases also have a side-mounted AC outlet. The model numbers can be found on the metal frame near the foot of the bed. A detailed list can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Customatic-Beds-Recalls-Adjustable-Beds . They were sold at Sleepy's and other mattress stores nationwide from June 2012 through January 2017. WHY: The bed's side-mounted AC outlets can be incorrectly wired, posing an electric shock hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 50,000. FOR MORE: Call Customatic Beds at 844-815-9023 from 9 a.m. through 9 p.m. ET Monday through Saturday. SOLAR PANELS DETAILS: This recall involves Roof-Mounted Bosch Photovoltaic Solar Modules with model number c-Si M 60 NA30119. Bosch solar modules are photovoltaic solar panels used to generate electricity. Each module measures approximately 65 inches by 39 inches by 1.65 inches, and weighs just less than 42 pounds. The solar cells are housed in a glass-foil laminate framed by an anodized aluminum profile. The output power of the panel is 245-watt peak. WHY: The solar panels can overheat, posing a risk of fire. INCIDENTS: Commercial installers nationwide from October 2011 through May 2013. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Bosch at 855-866-8470 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, send email to boschsolar@us.bosch or visit www.bosch-solarenergy.com and click on "Learn More" under "Roof-installed solar panel recall" and to register for free replacement. ALL-TERRAIN VEHICLES DETAILS: This recall involves model year 2017 Polaris Sportsman 450, 570, 850, 1000 and Scrambler 1000 model ATVs. They were sold at Polaris dealers nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. The recalled ATVs have "Polaris" printed on the front grill and "Sportsman 450," ''Sportsman 570," ''Sportsman 850," ''Sportsman 1000" or "Scrambler 1000" printed on the side of the steering column. The model number is located on the fuel tank cover. To check for recalled vehicles by VIN, visit www.polaris.com . Details can also be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Polaris-Recalls-Sportsman-All-Terrain-Vehicles-Recall-Alert WHY: The electronic power steering unit can malfunction, posing a crash hazard. INCIDENTS: 15 reports of the electronic power steering unit malfunctioning. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 3,800. FOR MORE: Call Polaris at 800-765-2747 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.polaris.com and click on "Off Road Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. OFF-HIGHWAY VEHICLES DETAILS: This recall involves all model year 2015 Polaris Ranger XP 900, XP 900 EPS, and CREW 900 recreational off-highway vehicles (ROVs). They were sold at Polaris dealers nationwide from April 2014 through March 2017. The recalled ROVs were sold in a variety of colors and have either three or six seats and a rear box. "Ranger" is printed on the rear box, and "900" is printed on the hood. All 2015 Ranger 900 models and vehicle identification numbers (VINs) are included in this recall. The VIN is printed on the frame on the driver's side towards the rear of the vehicle. To check for recalled vehicles by VIN, visit www.polaris.com . Details can also be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Polaris-Recalls-Ranger-900-Recreational-Off-Highway-Vehicles WHY: A heat shield can fall off the vehicle, posing fire and burn hazards to riders. INCIDENTS: 13 incident reports involving the recalled ROVs, including five reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 51,000. FOR MORE: Call Polaris at 800-765-2747 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday and Friday, or visit www.polaris.com and click on "Off Road Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. Comment Policy You must be logged into gazette.com in order to post comments. Please log in or Create an account to start commenting. Our comments require Javascript. If you wish to comment on our articles, please enable javascript and login. Comments powered by Disqus. Register to the Colorado Springs Gazette Register to the Colorado Springs Gazette Subscribe to the Colorado Springs Gazette It appears that you value local journalism. Thank you. Subscribe today for unlimited digital access with 50% fewer ads for a faster browsing experience. $9.99/mo Already a Subscriber? LOGIN HERE Subscribe to the Colorado Springs Gazette It appears that you value local journalism. Thank you. Subscribe today for unlimited digital access with 50% fewer ads for a faster browsing experience. $9.99/mo Subscribe to the Colorado Springs Gazette Some news is free. Exceptional journalism takes time, effort and your support. Subscribe Today Already a Subscriber? LOGIN HERE You premium articles articles remaining × Thank you for your interest in local journalism. Subscribe today Gain unlimited access, 50% fewer ads and a faster browsing experience. Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 61° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Scattered showers and thunderstorms. A few storms may be severe. High 72F. Winds SSW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 60%.. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening, then skies turning partly cloudy overnight. Low 52F. Winds WSW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: April 15, 2017 @ 1:03 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Recalls this week: Water-absorbing toys, drawer chests By The Associated Press 11 hrs ago 0 More than 500,000 water-absorbing toys are being recalled because they pose hazard to children if ingested. Other recalled consumer products this week include potentially defective garbage disposals and drink tumblers. Here's a more detailed look: WATER-ABSORBING TOYS DETAILS: Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs, Easter Grow Toys and Hatch Your Own Dino sold at Target stores nationwide from February 2017 through March 2017. Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs and Easter Grow Toys have model number 234-25-1200 on the back of the product's packaging. Hatch Your Own Dino Egg has model number 234-09-0016 on the label inserted in the product's packaging. The pink, blue, or purple Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs include a white bunny, brown bunny, or butterfly. The Easter Grow Toys include a yellow chick, brown bunny, or white bunny. The Hatch Your Own Dino Eggs are purple or yellow/green and contains one of eleven dinosaurs. WHY: If the small toy is ingested, it can expand inside a child's body and cause intestinal obstructions, resulting in severe discomfort, vomiting, dehydration, and could be life threatening. Surgery is required to remove the toy from the body, if ingested. Medical professionals and parents should be aware that there is a possibility that the toys might not show up on an x-ray. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 560,000. FOR MORE: Call Target at 800- 440-0680 between 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. CT Monday through Sunday, visit www.target.com and click on "Recalls" at the bottom of the page, then on "School/Stationery/Seasonal," or the "Product Recalls" tab on Target's Facebook page. CHEST OF DRAWERS DETAILS: Bow Front chests of drawers from the Vanguard Furniture Compendium Collection sold at Furniture stores from August 2015 to February 2017. The eight-drawer beechwood chests have primavera veneers and are finished in a variety of custom colors. The chests weigh 250 pounds and measure 36 inches high by 20 inches deep by 75 inches wide. Tip restraint kits were included with each chest of drawers. WHY: The recalled chests are unstable if they are not anchored to a wall, posing a serious tip-over and entrapment hazard that can result in injuries or death to children. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 170. FOR MORE: Call Vanguard Furniture at 800-968-1702 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice@vanguardfurniture.com, or visit www.VanguardFurniture.com and click on "Contact." DRINK TUMBLERS DETAILS: 14-ounce Teavana flip tumblers used for steeping hot tea. The recalled tumblers have a clear plastic cap with a welded black base that screws onto a stainless steel tumbler. The tumblers were sold in black and silver and measure about 10 inches tall by 3 inches in diameter. "Teavana" is printed on the side of the tumbler. Sold at Teavana stores nationwide and at Teavana.com from October 2016 through February 2017. WHY: The flip tumblers can leak hot liquid, posing a burn hazard. INCIDENTS: 12 reports of the tumblers leaking, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer's abdomen. HOW MANY: About 23,600 in the U.S. and about 1,600 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Teavana at 877-832-8262 from 5:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday and 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. PT on Saturday or visit www.Teavana.com and click on "Recall Information" at the bottom of the page and then select "Teavana Flip Tumbler." GARBAGE DISPOSALS DETAILS: This recall involves 3/4 and 1 horsepower disposals sold at Best Buy, HD Supply, Menards, and plumbing supply stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, HomeDepot.com, Walmart.com and other websites from December 2015 through March 2017. Details on recalled brands, model numbers and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Anaheim-and-Moen-Recall-Garbage-Disposals . The disposal housings were sold in silver, gray, black and blue and have the brand name printed on them. The brand name, model number and serial number are printed on a label on the bottom or side of the disposals. WHY: A metal component inside the disposal can break off and come out of the disposal during use, posing an impact hazard. INCIDENTS: 22 reports of a metal component coming out of a disposal, including three reports of a broken component hitting consumers. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 146,000 in the U.S. and about 2,700 were sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Anaheim Manufacturing at 800-628-0797 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or visit www.anaheimmfg.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. UTILITY VEHICLES DETAILS John Deere Gator Utility Vehicles with model number XUV590i or XUV590i S4 printed on the hood and the "John Deere" and "Gator" brand names printed on the cargo box. The serial number, located on the frame on the rear of the machine above the hitch, ranges from "1M0590 to M010001 - 20742" and "1M0590 to M010001 - 20277". They were sold at John Deere dealers nationwide from January 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The dust boot on the throttle cable can come loose, resulting in the vehicle not slowing down or stopping, posing a crash hazard. INCIDENTS: 2 reports of the dust boot on the throttle cable coming loose. No reports of injuries. HOW MANY: About 8,500. FOR MORE: Call Deere & Co. at 800-537-8233, from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. ET, or visit www.deere.com and select "Product Recall Information" on the drop-down menu under "Services & Support." ADJUSTABLE BEDS DETAILS: The bases of Customatic adjustable beds. These power foundations were offered in all bed sizes and were sold with hand-held remote controls, allowing the head and/or foot of the bed mattress to be moved up and down. These bases also have a side-mounted AC outlet. The model numbers can be found on the metal frame near the foot of the bed. A detailed list can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Customatic-Beds-Recalls-Adjustable-Beds . They were sold at Sleepy's and other mattress stores nationwide from June 2012 through January 2017. WHY: The bed's side-mounted AC outlets can be incorrectly wired, posing an electric shock hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 50,000. FOR MORE: Call Customatic Beds at 844-815-9023 from 9 a.m. through 9 p.m. ET Monday through Saturday. SOLAR PANELS DETAILS: This recall involves Roof-Mounted Bosch Photovoltaic Solar Modules with model number c-Si M 60 NA30119. Bosch solar modules are photovoltaic solar panels used to generate electricity. Each module measures approximately 65 inches by 39 inches by 1.65 inches, and weighs just less than 42 pounds. The solar cells are housed in a glass-foil laminate framed by an anodized aluminum profile. The output power of the panel is 245-watt peak. WHY: The solar panels can overheat, posing a risk of fire. INCIDENTS: Commercial installers nationwide from October 2011 through May 2013. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Bosch at 855-866-8470 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, send email to boschsolar@us.bosch or visit www.bosch-solarenergy.com and click on "Learn More" under "Roof-installed solar panel recall" and to register for free replacement. ALL-TERRAIN VEHICLES DETAILS: This recall involves model year 2017 Polaris Sportsman 450, 570, 850, 1000 and Scrambler 1000 model ATVs. They were sold at Polaris dealers nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. The recalled ATVs have "Polaris" printed on the front grill and "Sportsman 450," ''Sportsman 570," ''Sportsman 850," ''Sportsman 1000" or "Scrambler 1000" printed on the side of the steering column. The model number is located on the fuel tank cover. To check for recalled vehicles by VIN, visit www.polaris.com . Details can also be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Polaris-Recalls-Sportsman-All-Terrain-Vehicles-Recall-Alert WHY: The electronic power steering unit can malfunction, posing a crash hazard. INCIDENTS: 15 reports of the electronic power steering unit malfunctioning. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 3,800. FOR MORE: Call Polaris at 800-765-2747 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.polaris.com and click on "Off Road Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. OFF-HIGHWAY VEHICLES DETAILS: This recall involves all model year 2015 Polaris Ranger XP 900, XP 900 EPS, and CREW 900 recreational off-highway vehicles (ROVs). They were sold at Polaris dealers nationwide from April 2014 through March 2017. The recalled ROVs were sold in a variety of colors and have either three or six seats and a rear box. "Ranger" is printed on the rear box, and "900" is printed on the hood. All 2015 Ranger 900 models and vehicle identification numbers (VINs) are included in this recall. The VIN is printed on the frame on the driver's side towards the rear of the vehicle. To check for recalled vehicles by VIN, visit www.polaris.com . Details can also be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Polaris-Recalls-Ranger-900-Recreational-Off-Highway-Vehicles WHY: A heat shield can fall off the vehicle, posing fire and burn hazards to riders. INCIDENTS: 13 incident reports involving the recalled ROVs, including five reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 51,000. FOR MORE: Call Polaris at 800-765-2747 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday and Friday, or visit www.polaris.com and click on "Off Road Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business Lifestyle Personal Finance Child Product Recalls Child Product Safety Product Safety Products And Services Corporate News Product Recalls Easter Holidays Occasions × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION La Crosse natives’ year-old Madigan Winery already has won awards Steve Cahalan: La Crosse Training Center opens downtown Study: Trout fishing generates $952 million for Driftless Area economies, more than double since 2008 Alliant Energy's Riverside power plant near Beloit needs $25 million in repairs 'Aging in place' a growing trend as boomers remodel their homes Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 69° F Overcast Hi: 81° F Lo: 64° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines APD responds to growing homeless complaints beyond downtown April 14, 2017 The goal is to connect the population with proper resources, largely concentrated downtown. AP Top International News at 2:47 a.m. EDT Updated: 3 mins ago North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade VIDEO: Thieves snatch copper wire from Austin garage April 14, 2017 Fending off fleas: Why pet owners are seeing more of the pesky parasites April 14, 2017 Burnet Co. Sheriff’s office employee killed in Lampasas shooting April 14, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 69° F Overcast Feels Like: 69° F Wind: SSE 7 Humidity: 87% Dewpoint: 65° F Sunrise: 7:04 AM Sunset: 7:58 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Austin Events Calendar KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Meet Daisy! April 14, 2017 Christine Rankin of Texas Humane Heroes dropped by to talk about adopting, and fostering heart worm positive dogs. First trailer for Star Wars: The Last Jedi released April 14, 2017 Get in line now, the next Star Wars movie is only eight months away and we’re finally getting our first look at what happened after Rey met … Top Notch Leather Craftsmanship at Domain NORTHSIDE April 13, 2017 The Dog’s Guide to Happiness April 13, 2017 Easy Easter Nail Ideas April 13, 2017 Search for: Search the site 69° F Overcast Hi: 81° F Lo: 64° F Suburban belonging to slain Austin attorney found in Louisiana By Andy Jechow Published: April 14, 2017, 4:20 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) The Suburban belonging to Austin defense attorney James Short seen at a south Austin Walmart (Travis County Sheriff's Office Photo) Related Coverage Man accused of killing Austin defense attorney at his home PHOTOS: Deputies name attorney killed, ask for help finding person of interest Defense attorney found dead in southwest Travis Co. may have been ‘targeted’ AUSTIN (KXAN) — The missing Chevrolet Suburban belonging to Austin attorney James Short — found murdered in his home on April 7 — was found early Friday morning in Louisiana. Law enforcement found the Suburban in a parking lot in Rapides Parish, about 30 miles northwest of Lafayette. Detectives are now looking through the vehicle for evidence. Justin Twyne, the man charged with Short’s murder, was arrested at a New Orleans hotel the same day the body was found on an outstanding and unrelated escape warrant. According to an arrest warrant, a bag found at the victim’s home had items that had Twyne’s personal information on it. A search of Twyne’s hotel room revealed Short’s credit cards and within days he was charged for Short’s murder on Rockwood Drive in southwest Travis County. Justin Twyne (Orleans Parish Sheriff’s Office) The sheriff’s office says Twyne, 24, will be brought back to Travis County next week at the earliest. Surveillance video from an Austin Walmart taken on April 6 showed a man matching Twyne’s description walking with Short, with flowers and plants in the shopping cart. Short, 74, and Twyne left the store together in the attorney’s Suburban. The day after Short’s body was found, authorities released photographs of a person of interest along with photos of the SUV. At around 2 p.m. on April 7, Short’s cell phone was found by the road near the intersection of Ben White Boulevard and Manchaca Road. Several text messages exchanged between Short and Twyne were found on the phone, where the two messaged about meeting at Short’s house. Police say Short sent Twyne his address and directions to find his house, located down a dirt road. When asked how the two men knew each other, a sheriff’s spokesperson said they had met before and they were friends. Twyne’s criminal history includes arrests for giving a false name, address or birthday to law enforcement, willful obstruction of law enforcement officers, driving without a valid license, willfully resist, obstruct or oppose law enforcement, obstruction of an officer, probation violations, financial card fraud, family violence — battery, criminal trespass, simple battery and escape. James Short (Provided photo from Sam Drew) Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Man accused of killing Austin defense attorney at his home Family of attorney killed searches for answers amid grief PHOTOS: Deputies name attorney killed, ask for help finding person of interest Manifesto-writing fugitive appears in federal court Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Burnet Co. Sheriff’s office employee killed in Lampasas shooting APD responds to growing homeless complaints beyond downtown Family of man shot several times by APD officers aren’t allowed hospital visits Photo Galleries PHOTOS: San Marcos streets, cars underwater PHOTOS: U.S. missile attacks on Syria’s air bases PHOTOS: Severe storms move through Central Texas PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole That time Lady Gaga rocked Halftime PHOTOS: Taste of the NFL – Party with a Purpose PHOTOS: Players committing to colleges for National Signing Day PHOTOS: Behind the scenes of 2017 Super Bowl PHOTOS: Glorious sunsets sweeping across the Austin-area sky Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Senior notes for Hampshire and Franklin Counties and Metro East Plus, April 19, 2017. Print Email The Republican By The Republican The Republican on April 14, 2017 at 3:55 PM, updated April 14, 2017 at 4:57 PM comments AMHERST Council on Aging 70 Boltwood Walk, 413-259-3060. Second Hand Clothing Shop: The Amherst Senior Center announces the opening of a shop offering used clothing for sale. The shop will be open each Friday from 9 a.m.-noon in the Large Activity Room of the Bangs Community Center. Donations of clean, gently used clothing will be accepted during shop hours. Proceeds will help support the programs and services of the Amherst Senior Center. Senior Center Offers 2017 Parking Stickers: This parking program is designed to make parking near the center more convenient for older people. The parking sticker is valid for parking in the Boltwood Garage parking lot, both surface, underground and in the 12 spaces against the fence east of the Ann Whalen Apartments for four hour periods on weekdays between 8 a.m.-5 p.m. The cost is $25 for the full year and will be sold to newcomers and those who have used their 2016 stickers to attend Senior Center activities on the average of about one hour per weeks. Tax Work Off Plan: The town of Amherst participates in the the Tax Work Off Plan which allows qualified Amherst seniors to perform community service in participating town departments in order to receive an abatement on their third quarter tax bill. Contact Maura Plante at 413-259-3213 or plantem@ahmerstma.gov for more information and an application packet. WELLNESS CLINICS/SERVICES Senior Health Services Nurse Clinic: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon and 1:30-3:30 p.m. Thursdays 1:30-3:30 p.m. Free Blood Pressure Clinic: Tuesdays, 9-10 a.m. Wellness Grants: The Senior Center doesn't want anyone to be left out of its fitness classes or clinics because of lack of funds. A $15 wellness grant is available to low income Amherst elders upon request. Speak to Karen or Nancy at the center to fill out a simple means test form. A maximum of two $15 grants are allowed per month ($150 yearly cap) and can be used for clinic appointments or fitness classes (the funds for this come from donations). Convalescent Equipment and Supplies: The center has been collecting donated medical equipment for a number of years and loaning it to those n need of the items. The equipment includes commodes, walkers with wheels (and w/o), canes, crutches, raised toilet seats, disposable undergarments, washable under pads for the bed and other assorted items. Drop by weekdays between 9:30 a.m.-3:30 p.m. to borrow what you need. Call the center at 413-259-3060 for further information. Emergency Preparedness: If you are at risk and would need special help in an emergency, please contact Maura Plante at 413-259-3213 or Helen MacMellon at 413-259-3062 to be placed on our At Risk list. Senior Foot Care/Ear Irrigation: Fridays, 9:40 a.m.-12:40 p.m. with Sharon Beaulieu, RN. Call 413-259-3060 for an appointment. The fee for service is $28 for foot care and $25 for ear irrigation. Patients need to use Debrox Wax Softening drops at home two days prior to their appointment for hardened wax problems. Ear Irrigation Clinic: Dr. Daniel Clapp provides this service on the 2nd and 4th Tuesday of the month from 3-4:30 p.m. $10 donation to the Amherst Senior Center Wellness Grants Gift Account is encouraged. No Debrox drops are needed. Call or drop in the Center to schedule an appointment. Massage Clinic: Tuesdays by appointment, $40 per hour or $25 for a half hour. Hearing Care Service: Free evaluations, screening, counseling, ear canal inspection, hearing aid assessment, please call to schedule an appointment. Hot Lunch: Served weekdays at the center at 11:45 a.m., reservations should be made no later than 10 a.m. the previous day, call Kathy Nelson, at 413-259-3164 to sign up, $3 suggested donation. Wellness Rides Program: This program provides medical appointment transportation for Amherst seniors who are completely independent with mobility and decision making. Fee round trip: Amherst, $8; Hadley, $9; Northampton, Hatfield, $12; Easthampton, Florence, Leeds, Belchertown, $14; Holyoke, Deerfield, $16; Greenfield, $20; West Springfield, Springfield $30. Computer Lab: Available during our regular workday Mon.-Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., free. Free Online Tutoring: To make an appointment with a tutor please leave a message for Jack Wollensak by calling 413-259-3060 Peapod by Stop and Shop: Do your grocery shopping without leaving your home. Stop and Shop has an online grocery shopping service that delivers your groceries to your home. Its called Peapod, www.peapod.com or call 1-800-5-PEAPOD for further information. Atkins Country Market: Monday through Saturday you can have groceries delivered from Atkins Market. Orders have to be placed a day ahead. There is a $25 minimum order requirement, a 10% assembly fee and $8 delivery fee. Call Atkins at 413-253-7022 to place your order. Prescription Helping Hands: Do you have a difficult time picking up your prescriptions because of transportation problems? The center has volunteers who will pick up prescriptions and deliver them to your home. Call Helen at the center 413-259-3062 for more information. Caregivers Support Group: April 27, May 11 & 25, 1:30-3 p.m. COA Meeting: SHINE: April 24, May 1 & 15, 1-4 p.m. Brown Bag Pick Up: 1st Thursday of the month, 2-4 p.m. S.A.L.T. Council: Caregivers Loaning Library: To borrow a book from our library stop in to visit one of our social workers, Maura or Helen. Caregivers Massages: Talya Solomon is offering free massages to help relieve your stress. Contact Helen to schedule a massage at 413-259-3062or macmellonh@amherstma.gov FINANCIAL INFORMATION Ed Smith: Estate Planning and Elder Law: Third Fri., April 28 and May 19, 1-4 p.m. Name That Tune: Usually the 1st and 3rd Mondays year round, 11-11:45 a.m. Joy of Song: April 20 and May 20, 1-2 p.m. CLASSES/SEMINARS Drawing Classes: Mondays, 9:30-11:30 a.m., classes are $10 each payable to Carolyn Bruneau. Classes for April and part of May will be spent on drawing people. Music of Mozart: Thursdays, June 1 - July 13, 1-3 p.m. Taught by Stephen Gottlieb. This course is free but please sign up at the center if possible. Identity Theft 101: May 12, 1-2 p.m. Soothing Stretch: Fridays Feb. 3 - June 23, 3-4 p.m. Yoga: Mondays, June 5 - July 24, 12:30-1:30 p.m. This is a free one hour gentle practice for people at any stage in the cancer journey, from recent diagnosis, through treatment, to survivorship. The class is limited to 8 participants and advance registration is required. Beth Donnelly is offering a one hour overview of the class on may 1st at 12:30 p.m. She will offer a sample practice and answer any question people have. Strength In Numbers: Wednesdays, 2:30-3:30 p.m., Cosmology: April 4 - May 9, 1-3 p.m. Quantum Entanglement Reality : Tuesdays, May 23 - July 18, 1-3 p.m. Psychological Anthropology: 10 weeks April 13 - June 15, 10:30 a.m.-noon Car Tips by Mark Whitney: 1:30-3:30 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS April 27: Mothballs in My Attic, 1:30 May 11: Fall Risks and Home Safety, 1:30 p.m. May 5: Senior Players presents The Haverston Mills Town Meeting by Steve Henderson, 2 p.m. This is a thoroughly fun comedy performance, free and open to the public TRAVEL CLUB: Call the Senior Travel Club at (413) 259-3060 for information, Monday-Friday, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Younger people and non-residents are welcome to participate. Apr. 21, 2017: Boston Symphony Afternoon Concert at Symphony Hall, Boston, leave, 8 a.m., return 6-6:30 p.m., cost $120. May 25: Day in Gloucester, ;eave 8 a.m., return 7-7:30 p.m., cost $125 includes motorcoach, guided tours, luncheon and gratuity. June 18: Fathers Day Drovers Roast at the Salem Cross Inn in west Brookfield, cost $75 which includes Feast, all festivities and van transportation, leave at 2 p.m. and return 4:30-5 p.m. June 30: Day on your own in Hampton Beach, NH, cost $55 which includes the motorcoach and gratuity, leave at 8 a.m. and return 9-9:30 p.m. July 29: Newport RI Schooner Cruise, cost $75, leave 8 a.m., return 7-7:30 p.m. Prior to the 1.5 hour cruise participants will have a few hours to explore the shops on Bannister Wharf and eat lunch at the restaurant of their choice. August 1: Tanglewood on Parade, cost $60 which includes the motorcoach, lawn seats and gratuity, leave 3:30 p.m., return 11 p.m. August 19: Day on your own in Rockport, MA, cost $50 which includes the motorcoach and gratuity, leave 8 a.m. and return 9-9:30 p.m. Time for sightseeing, eating, shopping and optional time at Good hrbor Beach, bring a beach chair, umbrella or blanket. Sep. 8-15, 2017: Northern National Parks, 8 days, 7 breakfasts, and 3 dinners, per person rates, double $3069, single $3769, triple $3039, included in price is the round trip airfare, insurance ($240), air taxes and hotel transfers. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Function Well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10:00 a.m.; drawing workshop, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; senior health services, 10 a.m.-noon, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; name that tune, 11 a.m.; lunch 11:45 a.m; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; tai chi, 3-4 p.m. Tuesday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; blood pressure clinic, 9-10 a.m.; tai chi/arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m.; line dancing, 10:45-11:45 a.m.; massage, 11 a.m-4 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; folk dancing, 1-2 p.m.; Scrabble, 1-3 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; ear irrigation with Dr. Clapp, 3-4:30 p.m. (2nd and 4th Tues. of the month). Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance, 8:30-10 a.m.; Free Bread Program , 9:30 a.m.; morning yoga, 9:30-11 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; Bridge, noon-4 p.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m. Thursday: Function well exercise class, 8:30-9:30 a.m.; tai chi for arthritis, 10:30-11:30 a.m .; Insular Southeast Asia 10:30-noon; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; chess games, 1-4 p.m.; memoir writing , 1-3:30 p.m.; senior health services nursing clinic, 1:30-3:30 p.m.; healthy bones and balance, 2:30-4 p.m.; moving in rhythm 3-4 p.m. Friday: Second hand clothing shop open, 9 a.m.-noon; craft workshop, 9 a.m.-noon, cribbage games, 9 a.m. - noon; foot care & ear irrigation, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; ballroom dancing, 9:45-10:45 a.m.; grocery shopping, 10 a.m.; gentle fitness, 11-11:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m.; arthritis exercise, 12:30-2 p.m.; Mexican train dominoes, 1-3 p.m.; Soothing stretch, 1-3 p.m. BELCHERTOWN Senior Center 60 State St., 413-323-0420. Aging Mastery Program: To be put on a waiting list for the next session, see Bill or Susan. Bunch of Losers: Weight loss program, meets every Monday, 10:45 a.m., share nutritional tips, recipes and support, call Susan for more information and to sign up. Dessert & Coffee Bar: Monday's, the kitchen will be serving dessert and self serve coffee right after lunch. Memory Cafe: This is for those with a diagnosis of a dementia related disorder, mild cognitive impairment, those concerned about their memory loss, family members and care partners. This is not a drop off program and caregivers should plan to attend. It is a time and place for people to interact, find support and to share concerns without feeling embarrassed or misunderstood. Please contact Bill at 413-323-0420 ext. 503 if you plan to attend so we can have enough light refreshments. Belchertown Police Department: 1st Thursday of the month, 11:20 a.m. to review the newest crimes, scams and concerns. Digital Camera Classes: If interested, call Susan. Sewing Class: Every Tuesday, 1:30 p.m. Bring your project along with you and if you need to use a sewing machine a portable one is perfect. Free Movie of the Month 12:30 p.m. April 26: Woman in Gold Book Club: 3rd Tuesday of the month, 1 p.m. Esthetician Services Offered: Facials and additional skin care services. A one hour facial starts at just $30, to book an appointment call Susan at 413-323-0420 ext. 501. Parkinson Support Group: First Friday of the month, 1 p.m. Rock & Roll Exercise: Thursdays at 3 p.m., stop and check it out, $5. Triad: Looking for new members, meets the last Tuesday of the month at 10:45 a.m. Senior Center Van Rides: Call Kim at 413-323-0420 ext. 509 to arrange van rides, preferably the day prior. Door to door service $3 for round trip. Walmart or Big Y Van Ride: April 21. Safe Entry Program: A program offered by Belchertown TRIAD in conjunction with the Police/Fire Dept. in which seniors have a lock box installed that holds their house key. The lock box will be installed on your home free of charge by a qualified volunteer. A minimum donation of $20 is required in order to help with costs. To receive a lock box, pick-up a contract and complete the Safe Entry Dorm Return to BCOA, c/o Susan Shea, Attn: TRIAD, 60 State St., Belchertown, MA 01007. Upcoming Events April 20: Serve Pro, 10:30 a.m., hear how you can protect your home from the possibilities of flooding, water heater damage and equipment malfunctions. April 21: Dryer Balls Help Save Energy, 10 a.m., Join us in making a couple of dryer balls. Dryer balls mechanically soften your laundry without any of the harmful chemicals you find in fabric softener or dryer sheets. If you have any felting needles please bring them along and if anyone has any old wool sweaters that you would like to donate it would be appreciated. Call Susan to sign up. May 6: Art With Poetry, 10 a.m.-6 p.m. The project will kick off with an intro to the history of Visual Poetry. The group will receive a pre-class poetry assignment with different styles of poetry. During class you will be asked to cull words and phrases from their writing to inspire the creation of visual poetry in assemblage artwork. Class size is limited, call the center to sign up Senior Travel Club: Tuesday-Wednesday-Thursday 10-1 p.m. call 413-323-0420 Ext 513. May 9: A Taste of Providence, $74/pp July 7: The Spirit of Johnny Cash Oct. 3: The Naugy, $80/pp WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Blood pressure and sugar checks, 8:45 a.m., first and third Monday of the month; osteo exercise, 10 a.m.; bridge, 10:30 a.m.; Bunch of Losers, 10:45 a.m.; yoga, 11:45 a.m.; hand and foot, 12:30 p.m.; TRIAD, third Monday of the month, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Computer, 9 a.m.; crafts, 9 a.m.; pitch, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Chordials, 10 a.m.; TRIAD, 10:45 a.m.; activities committee, 10:45 a.m., first Tuesday of the month; bingo, sewing class, 12:30 p.m.; association meeting, 12:45 p.m., first Tuesday of the month. Wednesday: Quilting, 9 a.m.; Eddie C., 10 a.m.; bridge, 10 a.m.; osteo, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 12:30 p.m.; tooth fairy, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 2:30 p.m. Thursday: Birthdays, last Thursday of the month; pitch, 9 a.m.; computer class, 9 a.m.; osteo, 10 a.m.; Zendoodle, 10 a.m.; painting, noon; bingo, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1:30 p.m.; COA Board, 6 p.m., fourth Thursday of the month. Friday: Knitting, 9:30 a.m.; yoga, 9:30 a.m.; pitch, 9:30 a.m.; brown bag, 10 a.m., second Friday of the month; audiologist, 11 a.m., first Friday of the month, by appointment.; Nickel-Nickel, 1 p.m. BRIMFIELD Senior Center 20 Main Street, (Located in the 1st Congregational Church), 413-245-7253 We have changed the suggested donations for classes. Amount for 55 and up $2, under 55, $3. Senator Gobi: 3rd Tuesday of the month, 11 a.m.-noon Brown Bag: , 10 a.m.-noon Blood Pressure: 3rd Tuesday of the month, 10:30-11:30 a.m. Message with Vicki: By appointment, 9:15-11:15 a.m., $5 for ten minutes and $15 for twenty minutes. Monthly Movie: April 21, 11 a.m., Pete's Dragon Lunch and Learn: Cup of Conversation: 1st Friday of each month at 10:30 a.m. We currently have openings, please call the center if you would like to join the group. Lunch Club: Breakfast: We now have breakfast available every Wednesday at 10 a.m. Reservations must be made before 11 a.m. on the Monday before. $2 suggested donation. Lunch: Tuesdays and Thursdays, reservations required by 11 a.m. on previous day, $2 suggested donation. UPCOMING EVENTS April 19: Craft Class, making scarfs with Becca. A fun class using a t-shirt to make a lovely scarf with a decorative wooden brooch. Class materials are $8 and the snacks and beverages are free. Please sign up prior to April 16. April 28: Spring Extravaganza Party, 11 a.m.-1 p.m. Jerome Riley will sing the hit songs of the Platters. Lasagna, soup, salad, bread and for dessert Panna Cotta topped with fresh berries. April birthdays will be celebrated. Suggested donation is $5. Please reserve before April 25 as seats are limited. TRIPS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Arthritis Class: 10:30 a.m., this class is mostly seated Bingo: 2nd and 4th Wednesday of each month, snacks and beverages provided. $1 per card, .25 a game, coverall prize $20 Cardio Chair Dancing: On hold till spring Coloring for Adults: 3rd and 4th Tuesdays at 11 a.m. Coloring books, crayons/pencils provided. Cup of Conversation: 1st Fri. of the month, 10:35 a.m., please call the center if you would like to join the group. Redefined Yoga: Thursdays 10-11 a.m., work at your own pace and ability level, suitable for wheelchair /chair bound. Strength Training Classes: Mondays and Thursdays 9-10 a.m., total body workout to upbeat music, uses hand weights and exercise bands. Tai Chi - Qugong Classes: Tuesdays and Fridays 9:30-10:30 a.m., strengthens tendons, aids in fall prevention, balance and overall well being. Wii Bowling: 1st and 3rd Wednesday, prizes and snack bar. Yoga: Wednesday, 8:45 a.m. Stretch and strengthen your body, relax your mind and unwind. Suitable for all levels of fitness. EASTHAMPTON Council on Aging 19 Union St., 413-527-6151. Please Note: Some of our programs are open to the public, others are limited to Easthampton 55+, call 413-527-6151 ahead for for details. Closings: Call 413-527-6151 to check for open hours or early closings. Fitness Center: Open to Easthampton residents, 55 and older. Annual fee is $65 for residents, $100 per year for out-of-town. Volunteer Receptionist: The Enrichment Center is seeking 2 volunteer receptionists for 3-4 hours/week from 12-4 p.m. or 4-7 p.m., to answer a 2-line phone system, make reservations for trips, activities and other events, and much more. This volunteer position requires someone who can multi-task, handle stress and who has excellent customer service skills and patience. Please call Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. New Grocery Shopping Delivery Program: The Easthampton Council on Aging Enrichment Center has received a grant from Highland Valley Elder Services to partially fund a new grocery shopping delivery program. This new program will provide free delivery of groceries to Easthampton residents 60 years of age and older who: do not drive, have no available family members, friends or other support systems/services in place for grocery shopping, or cannot use the van or other transportation options to go grocery shopping. Anyone interested should contact Linda Talbot at 413-527-6151. An Outreach Worker will need to make a home visit to determine eligibility. Cyber Angels Program: Wouldn't it be great to see a loved one that lives far way without leaving the comfort of your home? On-line video visits are a great way to stay connected with family and friends. We will bring in the technology (laptop) and set up the communication and stand by for any assistance you need to video chat with family and friends. There is no charge for this; this is a gift from us to you. Call Outreach Worker, Holly Handfield at 413-527-6151 x15 if interested. One-On-One Computer Assistance: Richard Bauman can help you with the basics. We have computers and laptops at the Enrichment Center for you to practice with, or you can bring your own. Call 413-527-6151 to schedule an appointment. Computer Collaborative: New and open to the public. Classes are aimed at functional computer users who would like to learn more about how to expand their knowledge. Limit of 9 seats per class which meets tow times per month. You must register for each class separately. Beginner email, video basics and adaptive devices for hearing and sight. March 15, 2 p.m. Online shopping and internet safety, call for March date. ZUMBA GOLD: Saturday's, 10:30 A.M. and Tuesdays and Thursdays at 5 p.m., $5 per class at the center WiFi and Laptop: Available at the enrichment center. Billards: Call for days and time, donations welcome Mini Hair Salon: April 28, 9 a.m.-noon, $10 new clients, $12 regulars, please prepay and schedule your appointment in advance, 413-527-6151. Living Fully, Aging Gracefully: April 24, 1-3 p.m., please call to preregister. Genealogy Club: Foot and Nail Care: 2nd Wednesday of the month by appointment. Foot care cost is $29 and the nail care cost is $10. Foot care also available in your home, cost $50. Payment is due at the time of your appointment. Yoga Dance: We need a minimum of 6 in order for classes to run. cost is $32/month 55+ and $40/month for out of town, payable in advance. Monthly Movie: Group Support Meetings: Thursdays, 4:30-6 p.m., Mens Curmudgeon Group: SHINE: Thursdays, 9-noon TRANQUILITY ROOM EVENTS Reflexology for hands and feet: Thursdays, 1-3 p.m., cost $15 payable in advance, please call to schedule your appointment. Reiki with Muriel: $15 for 30 minutes. Call 413-527-6151 for further information and details. Release, Restore and Rebalance: free to Easthampton 60+. $5 for out of town residents you must call to prepay and preregister M.E.L.T.: 2 p.m. free to Easthampton 60+. $5 for out of town resisdents you must call to prepay and preregister Tai Chi: Fridays 9:30-10:30 a.m., cost $32 Bio Heatmat: Fridays by appointment, $5 donation to the center appreciated. Aroma Therapy and Sound Therapy: Saturdays, 9 a.m.-12 p.m., $15 for a 45 minute appointment payable in advance, call 413-527-6151 to schedule. Donations are welcome on all free events UPCOMING EVENTS April 19: Web safety, 2 p.m. at the Emily Williston Library, limit of 9 seats per class. April 21: Easthampton Music Conservatory Spring Show, 1 p.m. April 30: Helping Hand Breakfast, 9:30-11 a.m. LUNCH AND A MOVIE: Call the Enrichment Center at least one week in advance to preregister and prepay for your luncheon, cost is $4, lunch served at noon and the movie begins at 1 p.m. VAN TRIPS Big Y: Tuesdays at 9 a.m. and 1 p.m. Big E's Foodland: Fridays at 10 a.m. and 1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Gratitude yoga class, 9:30 a.m., $20 for four weeks, payable in advance; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Phase 10 card game, noon; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; Tuesday: Van to Big Y, 9 a.m. & 1 p.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, beginners, 6-7 p.m. Wednesday: Healthy bones and balance class, 10 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; hand craft group, 1-3 p.m. Thursday: SHINE appts., 9 a.m.-noon; Release, Restore and Rebalance, 10:30 p.m.; M.E.L.T. That Pain Away, 1 p.m.; fitness center open 4-7 p.m.; zumba gold, 5 p.m.; ballroom dancing, advanced, 6-7 p.m. Friday: Van to Big E's, 10 a.m. & 12:30 p.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Saturday: Fitness center, 9 a.m.-noon; Zumba gold, 10:30 a.m. GREENFIELD Council on Aging 54 High St., Suite 2, 413-772-1517. Contact: Kathy Dunn at kathyd@greenfield-ma.gov; greenfieldMA.gov. Computer Lab: Monday-Friday Pizza Putt: Thursdays at 12:30 p.m., come for pizza, then stay and try our new indoor golf putting green. Please register for lunch with $4 payment by noon on Wednesday. Legislative Office Hours: Representative Paul Mark holds drop-in hours on the first Friday of the month, 1-3 P.M. COUNCIL ON AGING NEWS: April 27, board meetings are held on the fourth Thursday of each month at 2 p.m. and are open to the public. For information about activities and trips call Activities Director Kathy Dunn, 413-772-1517, ext. 3. Movie Matinee: Call 413-772-1517 to reserve your seat, free. May 3: See The Whales of August, 1-2:30 p.m. May 4: Amelia, 1-3 p.m. Pizza and Movie: Thelma and Louise, April 26, pizza is $3 per person and the movie is free, call to reserve your seat. Computer Drop-in: Monday through Friday, 12:45-3:45 p.m. Ask Our Computer Geek: SHINE: Tuesdays, 9:30 a.m. Brown Bag/SNAP: 1st Thursday of the month, 10-11 a.m. Living Fully, Aging Gracefully and Befriending Death: April 24, 1-3 p.m. Discussion group meets each month and participants may attend regularly or occasionally. Free, safge and supportive gathering to talk about the joys and challenges of aging. Blood Pressure Clinic: 1st Thursday of the month, 10-11 a.m. Zumba: 10:30 a.m. New participants must sign an exercise release form. HIGHLIGHTS Farm Share Info and SNAP Assistance: Local, healthy food distibuted weekly at the center. You can use your SNAP cared to pay. Please register for this free info program. Light refreshments will be served. The Food Bank of Western MA will provide info on SNAP benefits and help you sign up. Dance Performance by GCC: April 20, 1 p.m. The Greenfield Community College Dance Performance Project, directed by Kathy Steinem. The performance includes character ballet, tap dance, hip hop and jazz/contemporary dances. Call to register for this free upbeat program. Strength in Numbers, A Fall Prevention Program: March 9 - April 27, 11 a.m.-noon. You are asked to commit to attending all 6 one hour free sessions. VNA physical and occupational therapists will lead sessions on determining risk of falling, strengthening exercises, balance activities, managing medications, visual concerns and home safety recommendations. Pratical items such as strengthening devices, mediation organizers and visual aids will be given to series participants. Registration is required by March 3, space is limited to 20. One Woman Show by Susan Cummings: May 11, 2-3 p.m. This show is a funny, spirited and sometimes poignant journey to discovering that her non normal body is beautiful and that someone else might find her beautiful too. The show is free, please register. Ballroom Dance: May 15, 2-3 p.m. Dance with Emily Fox, no partner needed. Sample tow basic styles; Merengue, an easy Latin Dance and east Coast Swing. The fee for this sample class is $6. Registration and payment is required in advance no later than May8. There is a minimum needed for this class to run. My Life, My Health: March 15-April 19, 2:30-5 p.m. This is a free six session workshop designed for individuals with one or more chronic health conditions such as diabetes, arthritis, COPD or heart disease. The workshop is centered on the creation of weekly action plans that help motivate you to manage chronic conditions. Please register in advance. Bereavement Support Group: April 24 - June 5, 10:30 a.m.- noon. Hospice of Franklin County will offer a six week Loss of Spouse/Partner Grief Support Group at the center. No meeting on May 29, Memorial Day. It is recommended that the death be at least 3 months before the start of a group. Registration is required by April 14. Call Morgan Ban-Draoi at 413-774-2400. Chronic Pain Management Workshop: Wednesdays May 10 - June 14, 2:30-5 p.m. Please call to register. DAY TRIPS June 27: Gloucester, $110 inclusive, depart 7:45 a.m. and return approximately 6:15 p.m. Trip includes round trip luxury motorcoach, scenic harbor cruise on the Beauport Princess Yacht, gourmet buffet luncheon with taxes and tips included and bus driver gratuity. Rest stops include Kimball Farms. Deadline to register is May 12. This trip is transferable but non refundable. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg,1 p.m.; duplicate bridge, 1 p.m.; writing group, 1:30 p.m. Tuesday: Bones & Balance I Exercise, Shine, 9:30 a.m.; contact bridge, 12:30 p.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Advanced aerobics and scrabble, 9:30 a.m.; zumba, 10;30 a.m. (no zumba on 11-23); pitch, Tai Chi, 1 p.m.; crafty seniors, 1 p.m. Thursday: Bones and Balance I Exercise, 9:30 a.m.; Art Open Studio, 12:30 p.m. Friday: Advanced aerobics, 9:15 a.m.; fit & fabulous exercise, 10:30 a.m.; mah jongg, 1p.m.; creative coloring, 1:30 p.m. HADLEY Council on Aging 46 Middle St., 413-586-4023. Website: coa@hadleyma.org Transportation Update: Thanks to the Friends of Hadley Council on Aging, and our supporting individuals and businesses, we are pleased to announce that on Tuesdays, we will be using the senior van to transport seniors to the Senior Community Center and to local medical appointments or to pick up prescriptions. Please see below for details: -For Hadley residents age 60+ that do not drive and have no formal support system such as a friend or family member who drives. -You must schedule your ride at least 2 business days in advance (preferably more as we start out) by calling 413-586-4023. -There will be a nominal fee of $2 each way unless you are a HVES or Mass Health client, in which case there is no fee. -Service area is Hadley and surrounding towns including: Hatfield, Amherst, Northampton and Florence. We reserve the right to make changes to this pilot program at any time and will give due notice of any changes in advance of scheduling your ride and in the newsletters. Requests may be denied based on available seats, priority requests, or additional unforeseen circumstances. We ask that you be patient as we roll out this program so we can make it as user-friendly as possible. Thursday Shopping Van: pick up at your home or apartment for groceries and staples at local shopping centers, call 413-586-4023 by Tuesday to schedule. Traveling and Need Pet Care: Who better than a local retired teacher who is ready to give comfort and quality time to your pet. Will walk, feed, play and comfort your animals in your home or mine. For prices or more information call 413-584-8970. COA Board Meeting: Representative John Scibak: Fridays at 11:30 a.m., call the center for dates, he may also be reached at 413-539-6566. HEALTH, WELLNESS, SAFETY, OUTREACH Community Health Nurse Office Hours: Wednesdays, 8 a.m-noon. Alzheimer's caregiver support group: 2nd and 4th Wednesday, 2 p.m., call 413-584-5057, ext. 255. Hearing Screenings/Hearing Aids Cleaning: 3rd Tuesday of the month from 10-11 a.m. with Deborah Reed of Ascent Audiology. Social Security Prescription Program: You may be eligible to apply for Extra Help in meeting prescription drug costs. An application can be completed anytime during the year. Jayne Sullivan, our SHINE counselor can help you apply. Fuel Assistance: Those recertifying should have received their paperwork in the mail. Those that are applying for the first time may do so now. You must do your first intake in person. We can do that with you at the Senior Center. Please call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment with Elsie Waskiewicz. 2016 income eligible guidelines are $33,126 for one person and $43,319 for two. Veteran's Benefits: Tom Geryk is available on Wednesdays from 10 a.m.-noon. Honor Flight is accepting applications from WWII and Korean Vets. Call 603-518-5368 for more info. At Home Counseling: Jon Steinberg, LICSW, provides in-home counseling and psychotherapy, specializing in home bound elders. Insurance accepted. For more information call Jon at 413-210-5713 or JONS629@comcast.net. Visit www.homevisittherapy.com. New Lock Box Program: Sponsored by Hadley TRIAD, now accepting names for high risk seniors to have a lock box installed so police and fire personnel have access to your home in the event of an emergency. Call 413-586-4023 for more information. TRIAD meetings are open to the public and are held March-June on the second Thursday of each month at 9:30 a.m. SHINE: Counselor Jayne Sullivan is available to answer your health insurance questions. Call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment. Traveling Hairdresser: Candee Wong of Celebrity Beauty Salon is now making house calls to seniors. Shampoo and cut, wash and style, and more. Contact Candace for services, pricing and scheduling; 413-256-1899. New One-on-One Computer Tutorials: Steve Eagle is a new-to-us volunteer from RSVP that would like to offer free tutorials at our Community Center. If you're interested, please call the office at 413-586-4023. Computer Set Up: Janice Jorgensen is our volunteer making house calls on our behalf to help fix glitches or configure your system. Call us at 413-586-4023 to schedule a visit. Though there is no fee, donations to the COA are welcomed. Foot Clinic: $30 for clinic visit or $50 for home visit, call 413-586-4023 to schedule an appointment Brown Bag: Please pick up by 2 p.m. EXERCISE CLASSES Dancercise: Led by Nicole Lynn Smith, an all-over, aerobic based class and cool down. Mondays at 10:30 a.m., $6. Exercise Equipment Room: For those 55 and older, signed consent must be on file, orientation is mandatory, recumbent bike, nu-step and treadmills available. Fun and Fit: Led by Sidra Ellison, aerobic and small weights, Mondays at 3 p.m., $3 per class, pay one month in advance. Tai Chi: Mondays at 1:30 p.m., $4 per class, payable one month in advance. Healthy Bones and Balance I: Tuesday and Thursday at 9:30 a.m., with Betty Faulkner, free. Balance: This class is with Georgia & Elaine, Wednesdays, 2 p.m. Yoga, Stretch, Flex and Breathe: Wednesdays at 9:15 a.m., with Ed Golding and friends. Free. Yoga/Pilates Mat Work: Fridays with Sidra Ellison, 10:30 a.m., $3 per class, payable one month in advance. Community Corner: Taking new or gently used donations for Spring Pocketbook and Scarf Sale, April 29, 2017. Donations can be brought to the center office Mon.-Fri. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. DATES TO REMEMBER DAY TRIPS Overnight Motor Coach Trips: Contact Gladys Nicholson at 413-658-7773 Mississippi River Cruise: April 1-10, 10 days and 9 nights. New Orleans to Memphis, $3099 per person, includes round trip flights, all meals during the cruise, shore excursions, entertainment, dancing lectures, port and gov. fees. Contact Gladys 413-658-7773 to ask about cabin availability. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dancercise, 10:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Tuesday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15 a.m.; lunch, 11:45 a.m. Wednesday: Yoga stretching, 9:15-10:30 a.m.; 11:45 a.m., lunch; healthy bones/balance, 2 p.m.. Thursday: Healthy bones & balance, 9:15a.m.; lunch, 10:15-11:15 a.m. Friday: Yoga/pilates mat work, 10:30 a.m.; canasta, 12:30 p.m. HAMPDEN Senior Center 104 Allen St. 413-566-5588. Hours: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: Mary Lee Walsh, from State Senator Eric Lesser's office, visits the Senior Center the 4th Wednesday of the month, April 26, 11 A.M. Hair Cuts by Dolly: Call 413-566-8117 for an appointment. Dolly is also available to come to your home. Acrylic Painting Classes Every Thursday: $15 per session, all materials are supplied, class size is limited, sign up at front desk, 12-2 p.m. Reiki: Call Carleen for appointment at 413-525-7345. Lunch and Learn: New Sessions: Wednesdays starting April 19, noon-2 p.m. This method of teaching allows participants with no previous drawing or painting experience to complete a painting of a subject of their choice. Cos is $15 per sessions and all materials, easels, brushes, paint etc are supplied. Sign up at the front desk, class size is limited. Outreach: Wendy Turer, Mon-Fri, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. VOLUNTEER DRIVERS: Please call Wendy with questions or to sign up as a driver to take older adults to medical appointments. Friends of Hampden Seniors Group: It is time to renew your membership. Forms are available at the front desk, $5. Annual meeting, April 5, 9 a.m. COA Meeting: 2nd Tuesday of the month OUTREACH AND WELLNESS CORNER Brown Bag: Fallon Insurance Representative: Blood Pressure: Every Tuesday and Thursday, 10-11 a.m., free, provided by Silver Linings Home Care. Foot Care: April 27, please call for an appointment. S.H.I.N.E.: Call for an appointment with Becky if you need help navigating the Medicare maze. MERCY: Every Wednesday 11:00 a.m.-noon FARMERS MARKET: AMP: Baystate Hearing: 1st Wednesday of the month, call for an appointment. Memory Cafe: April 21, 10 a.m., the cafe will provide conversation, light refreshments and various activities, RSVP required. Memory Writing: Monthly Breakfast: Movies, Mondays at 12:15 April 24: Inferno Saturday Night Dinner Dances June 17: Jukebox Party, Charades Band July 15: Come As You Were, Decades Band August 19: Carribbean Nights, Good Acoustic Band October 21: Flower Power Party, Union Jack Band UPCOMING EVENTS: Call 413-566-5588 or sign up at front desk for all our events TRIPS WITH BOBBI GRANT: Call Bobbi at 413-566-8271 or email bobijg2@chartner.net May 20: Blue Man Group, matinee, lunch on our own at CambridgeSide Galleria, reserve orchestra seats for a hilarious show at The Charles Theater, $91/pp. June 25: Cape Cod Canal Cruise, lunch at Lindsey's Family Restaurant in East Wareham, cruise the canal out of Onset with entertainment on board, $85/pp. July 25: Newport Playhouse and Cabaret, fantastic buffet lunch with lobster, reserve seats for performance of comedy Baggage, Cabaret (2nd show), $95/pp. Sept. 13: Thimble Island Cruise, visit USS Nautilus, Submarine Museum, Waterfront Lunch at the Maritime Grille, Narrated Island Cruise, $78/pp. Maximum 48 passengers, part of the cost for this trip is donated to the center. Oct. 13: Lakeside Turkey Train, Lake Winnipesaukee Scenic Train Ride, delicious dinner on board, visit to Anheuser Busch Brewery,, $86/pp, maximum 48 passengers. Nov. 14: Cher and Elvis, delicious family style lunch at The Aqua Turf Club in Plantsville, Ct. Complimentary glass of wine or beer, vegas style show and door prizes, $76/pp. TRAVEL CLUB May 18: London and Paris. Jun. 4-12: Northern California, trains and wineries. Napa Valley wine train, San Fran Bay Cruise, Sonoma Wine Country and Winery tours, Yosemite and more. Sep. 8-15: American Cowboy Country, 8 days, Yellowstone, Mt. Rushmore, Badlands National Park and more. Oct. 27-Nov. 5: Hawaii, Includes a 7 night cruise aboard Pride of American. ACTIVITY CORNER Art is 4 Every: Thursdays, noon (April 13, cancelled) Bridge: Mondays, 9:30 a.m. looking for players. Bingo: Thursdays, noon, .50 a card. (April 13, cancelled) Bunco: Will be back in the spring. Call or sign up at front desk. Canasta: Tuesdays, 12:30 p.m. Chair Massage: Third Friday of the month, 10 a.m., 15 minute massage for $10. Chair Yoga: Tuesdays, 11a.m., $5 per class. Choral Group: Mondays, 2:45 p.m. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Genealogy: First and third Thursdays, noon. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Jewelry: 3rd Tuesday, 9:30-11 a.m., $3 per class plus cost of the beads. Knitting: Mondays, 9:15 a.m. Line Dancing: Thursdays, 2 p.m., $3 per person. Mahjong: Fridays, noon, will teach anyone interested Manicure/Pedicure: call Cathy at 413-335-7422. Pitch: Wednesdays, sign up at 11:45 a.m., play starts at 12:15 p.m., cost $2. Pool, Ladies: Tuesdays, 9 a.m. Pool, Men: Thursdays, 9 a.m. Quilting: Fridays, 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Shuffleboard: 9 a.m.-3 p.m. weather permitting. ON HIATUS UNTIL SPRING Strength Training: Tuesdays, noon, $5 Tai Chi: Mondays, advanced class 10 a.m., beginner class 11:15 a.m., cost $5. Trivia: Wednesdays, 10 a.m. Water Color: Last Monday of the month, 12:30 p.m. Weight Training: YMCA, Tuesdays and Thursdays, 10 a.m., $3. Yoga: Tuesdays and Thursdays, 1 p.m., $5 per class. (April 13, cancelled) Zumba Gold: Mondays noon, $5. Call for fliers or pick one up at the HSC. HARDWICK Senior Center 179 Main St. Box 524, Gilbertville 413-477-6707. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Bingo, 9:30 a.m.; bocce ball, 9:30 a.m. Tuesday: Art lessons 9-11 a.m.; games, 10-11:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m. Wednesday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m.; Wii fitness, 10 a.m.; line dancing, 10 a.m.; pitch, 12:15 p.m. Thursday: London Rummy; 10 a.m.; scat, noon. Friday: Grannies Closet, 9 a.m. HOLLAND Senior Center 40 Brimfield Road, 413-245-3163. Hours: Monday-Thursday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS Movie Night: $10 for a group, $5 for individual and $3 for seniors, popcorn and drinks included, feel free to bring blankets, pillows, camp chairs, sleeping bags or dinner. Prescription Advantage: As a Prescription Advantage member you are entitled to a one time Special Election Period each year that allows you to join or change your Medicare drug plan outside of Medicares open enrollment period. To Join Prescription Advantage or if you have any questions please call Prescription Advantage Customer Service at 1-800-243-4636 and press 2. TTY (toll free) for the deaf and hard of hearing at 1-877-610-0241. New-Open Crafts: Two Saturdays a month from 9 a.m.-noon. Stay tuned for dates. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Mondays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; Texas Hold'em, 6 p.m. Tuesdays: Open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. Wednesdays: Yoga, 5 p.m.; pitch, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m.; quilting, 6:30-8:30 p.m. Thursdays: Stained glass, 6-9 p.m.; walking club, 6 p.m.; open billiard and exercise, 6-9 p.m. LUDLOW Senior Center 37 Chestnut St., 413-583-3564. The Senior Center is now open Tuesday nights until 7:30 p.m. Alice Boutique: Mon. - Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. The boutique accepts donations of gently used or new clothing and merchandise. Drop off donations at the front desk. You Shop Amazon Gives: Amazon will donate 0.5% of the price of your eligible AmazonSmile purchases to the center whenever you shop on AmazonSmile. AmazonSmile is the same Amazon you know, same products, prices and service. Fitness Room: Mon. - Fri., 8 a.m.-4 p.m., $10 sign up fee, completed doctors form and a one time orientation on equipment and room standards. RMV Near Me: 1:30-3:30 p.m. Transactions are license renewals, registration renewals, change of address, duplicate license or registration and how to report a lost or stolen disability placard. Evening Volleyball: Monday and Thursday at 5:30 p.m., cost is $20 for the season, held at the East Street School SPECIAL LUNCHES: Birthday Lunch: April 19, 11:30 a.m. Let us know know when you sign up for lunch that it's your birthday and your meal is on us. WELLNESS SERVICES Pedicure with Town Nurses: Every Tuesday, by appointment, for Ludlow residents only. Pedicures are $10. Diabetics are required to provide a note from their doctors before a pedicure can be given. Call the Center for an appointment time. Blood Pressure Checks: Tuesdays, 1-2 p.m. Facials: The last Wednesday of the month, April 26. Diane Meill, MA licensed esthetician provides facials and additional skin care services. A one hour facial starts at $30. Appointments are required and can be made by calling the center. Drop In With A Nurse: Every Thursday 10-11:30 a.m. Massage Therapy: Every Monday with Meaghan Murphy, 15 minutes of massage for $10 or 30 minutes for $20. Call the center to schedule an appointment. Hearing Clinic: The last Tuesday of the month, April 25, Deb Stroetzel from Wing Medical Center provides answers to questions you have regarding your hearing, appointments are required and can be made by calling the center. MEETINGS & SUPPORT GROUPS Triad Meeting: April 26, 10 a.m. Veterans Agent Office Hours: April 26, 10:30 a.m. Brown Bag Program: 3rd Tuesday of each month from 1-3 p.m. Brown Bag helps those over the age of 55 who meet income guidelines. Applications are available at the Senior Center. Pick-up is the third Tuesday of each month. $3 suggested donation. This program is offered through the Food Bank of MA. strong>Friends of the Ludlow Senior Center: 2nd Wednesday of the month at 10 a.m. Council On Aging Board Meeting: 3rd Wednesday of the month at 4:30 p.m. State Senator Lesser Office Hours: 2nd Thursday of the month, 10:30 a.m. Men's Breakfast Club: April 28, Last Friday of the month at 8:30 a.m., in Wilbraham. Sites alternate between Ludlow and Wilbraham. SHINE: Every other Monday, call for an appointment. OUTREACH The Ludlow Lost Citizen Alert Program: The program was developed by the Ludlow Police Dept. and Ludlow COA, and is designed to provide rapid response in locating cognitively impaired residents who have been reported missing. Stop by the Senior Center or Ludlow Police Dept. for a registration form. All information is kept confidential. Umass Nursing Students: This is a series of engaging discussions designed to inform and encourage. Sign up at the front desk for any or all of the topics. Free giveaways and fun for those who attend. Size is limited so register early all classes begin at 10 a.m. File of Life Forms: This vital tool provides emergency personnel with your health and insurance information. Everyone should have one on their fridge and in their purse or pocket. Forms are available at the center. Please stop by to pick one up. We can help fill it out as well. AARP Tax Appointments: Beginning Fridays in Feb., call 413-583-3564 to schedule an appointment. Fuel Assistance: Applications are still available. SPEAKERS Lunch and Learn, CarFit: April 26, noon. CarFit is an educational program that offers the opportunity to see how well a personal vehicle fits you. You must register at the front desk or call for the lunch and learn to attend. SPECIAL EVENTS April 19: 50/50 raffle: New Senior Center Update, 10:30 a.m. April 21: Letters From Home - America's Bombshell Due, 1:30 p.m., tickets are $10 April 24: RMV Near Me 1:30-3:30 p.m. April 25: Evening Trivia 5:30 p.m. April 26: Jewelry with Sandy Merrill, 9:30 a.m. The class is $3 plus the cost of your supplies, please preregister. MOVIE SCHEDULE 1:15 p.m. April 24-25: Fences MUST SEE MOVIES ON THURSDAYS 1:15 p.m. April 20: Three coins In The Fountain TRANSPORTATION SERVICE Big Y/Randall's: Every Tuesday and Thursday. Departs 11 a.m. and 1 p.m. When you make your reservation include which stop you prefer. Eastfiled Mall or Stop and Shop: Senior Social Club: Thursdays, 9:30 a.m. Book Club: 2nd and 4th Friday of the month, 1:30 p.m. TRX Fusion: Tuesday and Friday, April 18-May 23, 10 a.m., cost is $30 for 10 sessions Bring the Body, Mind and Breath Connection to Life: April 26-May 31, 3-3:45 p.m., cost is $12 for 6 sessions Monday Pitch Group: 1 p.m.; $2 entry fee each week. Call the Senior Center at 583-3564 for more information. Line Dancing and Mah jongg are coming in 2017 Cribbage Group: Moving to Fridays 1 p.m. Self Care Yoga: Thursdays, Feb. 9 - May 25, 10-10:45 a.m., $39 for 13 sessions or $5 drop in rate. SENIOR CENTER TRIPS April 20: Richardson's Chocolate and The Grocery Barn, departure 9:30 a.m., cost $2. April 27: West Farms Mall, departure 9 a.m., cost $2. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES: Monday: Fitness room, 8 a.m. - 4 p.m.; knitting, 9 a.m.-noon; massage appointments, 9:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; dominoes, 10-11:00 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 9-ball round robin billiards and round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; pedicures by appointment, 8:30 a.m.; quilting, 9-11:30 a.m.; bean bag baseball, 10 a.m.; lunch, noon; round robin billiards 12:30 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; blood pressure 1-2 p.m. Wednesday: Fitness room and open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; pitch, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Fitness room, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; tai chi, 9-9:45; women's billiards, 9:30-11:30 a.m.; Yoga 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon; donors 8-ball round robin billiards, 12:30 p.m.; choral group, 1-2 p.m.; ceramics, 1 p.m. Friday: Fitness room/open billiards, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.; ceramics, 8-11:30 a.m.; YMCA's Boomer Boot Camp, 10-11 a.m.; lunch, noon.; coloring club, cribbage 1 p.m.; chair volleyball, 1:15 p.m. MONSON Senior Center 106 Main St., 413-267-4121. Birthdays: 2nd Tuesday. Let us know if it is your birthday. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Knitting/crocheting, 10 a.m.; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; art, 1 p.m., $2.; craft & laugh night, 6-8 p.m. Tuesday: Foot care, first Tuesday, by appointment; $28; Reflexology, third Tuesday, 10 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; birthday parties, second Tuesday; canasta, 12:30 p.m.; tai chi, 1 p.m., $5; Craft & Laugh night, 6-8 p.m.; ceramics, 6 p.m., $3. Wednesday: Health screening/blood pressure, second Wednesday, by appointment, donations accepted; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; zumba gold, 4 p.m., $5. Thursday: Ceramics, 9:30 a.m., $3; chair massage, every other Thursday, 11 a.m., $5 for 10 minutes; reike, first Thursday, 11:30 a.m., $10 for 15 minutes; lunch bunch, second Thursday of the month; movie, first Thursday of the month, 1 p.m.; Woodwackers, 6-8 p.m., $10 membership fee per year. Friday: Chair exercise, 10 a.m.; Wii bowling, 12:30. MONTAGUE Gill-Montague Senior Center 62 Fifth St., Turners Falls, 413-863-9357 or 413-863-4500. Hours/Website: Weekdays, 9 a.m.-2 p.m.; MontagueMA.net. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. Tuesday: Walking group (weather permitting), 9 a.m.; chair yoga, 10:30 a.m. Wednesday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; bingo, 12:45 p.m. Friday: Aerobics, 10 a.m.; easy aerobics, 11 a.m. NORTHAMPTON Senior Services & Senior Center 67 Conz St., (413) 587-1228; fax 413-587-1233 Hours: Weekdays, 8:15 a.m.-4 p.m. Mystery Book Club: Movie: Movie Rentals: Join the movie club for a one time fee of $5 and the rent popular DVDs for just $1, ask to see the list of more than 600 movies at the receptionists desk Interfaith Help: Each Tuesday afternoon through May, 1 p.m. Caregiver Support Group: Tuesdays, 10 a.m., preregistration is required, please call 413-455-1936 ext. 104 SHINE: Wednesdays, 12:45-2:45 p.m., by appointment only. Foot Clinic: 3rd Wednesday of the month, by appointment only. Photo Club: 1st Friday of the month, April 7, 1:30 p.m. Blood Pressure Clinic: 1st Tuesday of the month, April 4, 10 a.m. NCOA Board Meeting: 2nd Thursday of the month, 1:30 p.m. Brown Bag: 2nd Thursday of the month, 10 a.m. Nutritional Outreach: 3rd Friday of the month, 10:30 a.m. AARP Tax: Wednesdays through April 12 by appointment only. Landscape for Life: Fee based classes open to the general public call for more information. Walking Group: Come walking, the best exercise! Ellen Dickinson leads a 45 minute moderately paced walk around Northampton every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 10 a.m. from Northampton Senior Services. All seniors with a scan card are welcome to join in this fun and free group. Good Neighbor Energy Fund: Emergency financial assistance for Northampton seniors age 60 and older. Call Michel Dihlmann at 413-587-1226. Computer One on One Appointments: Call for appt., small fee. Chess Lessons: John Boucher and Michael Posner continue chess lessons at the Northampton Senior Center! Each month they are here on the second and fourth Friday from 1:30-3:30 p.m. All players are welcome, including beginners. Evening Yoga Classes: Yoga instructor Donna Edgarton leads an effective 7 p.m. evening yoga class that is safe for seniors of all ages, and abilities. Donna is a Kripalu certified yoga instructor and a certified occupational therapy assistant with a strong background in dance. She has been practicing and teaching yoga for many years and is passionate about sharing this discipline with people as they search for their physical, mental and spiritual health. Classes will continue on monthly basis and the cost for all four classes is $30 for Northampton seniors and $35 for non-residents and those ages 55-89. A drop in option is also available. Tea Time Tuesdays: Come relax, share in good conversation and enjoy a hot cup of tea or coffee. Afternoon tea will continue each Tuesday from 2:45-3:45 p.m. Free with scan card. Zumba Gold: Classes with Johnna Paulsen continue with a new time slot at Northampton Senior Services. This is a modified, low impact version of the Zumba fitness program, combined with Latin and International music and dance moves. Class is fun and no dance experience is necessary. Classes meet Wednesday afternoons from 1-2 p.m. and are open to resident and non-resident seniors. Option to pay by the month or per class. Please call 413-587-1228 for more information or if you have any questions. Adult Coloring: Each Wednesday from 7-8:30 p.m. A selection of coloring books and art supplies will be provided. Participants are welcome to bring their own books and supplies. Free for all seniors with a scan card. Meditation Sessions: Certified meditation instructor and teacher in the Shambala tradition, Carl Nardiello continues meditation classes on Monday afternoons at 1:30 pm. No previous experience is necessary, just a willingness to try something that can be extremely helpful in navigating our daily lives and can enable us to make the most of our energy and time. Meditation has many benefits for our mental and physical well being. Classes are open to resident and non-resident seniors as well as those ages 55-59. A four week session is $20 for Northampton residents and $25 for non-residents and 55-59. A drop in option is also available. Upcoming Events DAY TRIPS: For more details on trips call 413-587-1228 April 27: Boston fine arts Museum, $71, lunch is on your own, deadline to sign up is April 1. April 29: Annie, the Musical at the palace Theater, Waterbury Ct. $133, lunch is on your own, deadline to sign up is April 1. May 6: Patriots Place Museum at Patriot Place. Observe the state of the art videos, interactive exhibits and unique displays in the 50,000 square foot venue spread over tow floors. Cost is $76, lunch included at Luciano's Italian restaurant, also shop at the mall. deadline to sign up is April 12. May 11: Norman Rockwell Museum with special Hanna Barbera exhibit, $57, lunch is on your own at Michaels Restaurant, deadline to sign up is April 11. June 19: The Tall Ships come to Boston Harbor, 50 vessels from 20 countries, $118, deadline to sign up is May 1, wait list only July 16: Gloucester Harbor Cruise, $116, lunch is included at the Gloucester House, deadline to sign up is June 17. Aug. 26: Ireland's Great Hunger Museum, departure is 9 a.m., return 5:15 p.m. Cost is $45 which includes round trip bus transportation, entrance fee and guided tour, lunch is on your own. Please make checks payable to Elder Vision and is due by July 26, only 35 seats are available. Oct. 5: Moon River, Andy Williams songs performed by Jimmy Osmond, Lunch is included at Mohegan Sun Casino, $87, deadline to sign up is Sept. 5. EXTENDED TRIPS: For more details on trips call 413-587-1228 May 21-27, 2017: Mackinac Island, cost $595, 7 day bus trip with 4 consecutive days in Northern Michagan, $75 will reserve your seat, passport is needed, deadline to sign up is March 1. Aug. 20-27, 2017: Bermuda Cruise, cost $1269 for double occupancy, $350 will reserve your cabin (rescheduled from June), passport is required, deadline is May 1. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; creative writing, 10 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; needle workshop, 1 p.m.; meditation, 1:30 p.m.; coloring for adults, 2 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Tuesday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; cup of conversation, 9:30 a.m.; stretch & tone, 10 a.m.; caregiver support group, 10 a.m (preregister).; walking group, 10 a.m.; duplicate bridge, noon; sewing workshop, 12:30 p.m. (preregister); Chair Volleyball, 2 p.m.; tea time, 2:45 p.m. Wednesday: Dynamics Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; beginner tap, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 12:30 p.m.; Scrabble, 1 p.m.; Timeless Tunes, 1 p.m.; zumba gold 1 p.m.; Feldenkrais, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Thursday: Strength & stretch, 8:45 a.m.; benefits counseling by appointment, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 10 a.m.; walking group 10 a.m.; wisdom project, 10 a.m.; knitting drop-in, 10 a.m.; mixed level tap, 11:30 a.m.; contact bridge, noon; advanced beginner tap, 12:30 p.m.; mah jongg, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:30 p.m.; intermediate tap, bingo, 1:30 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. Friday: Dynamic Fitness DVD, 8:20 a.m.; low impact 1, 9:30 a.m.; low impact 2, 10:30 a.m.; duplicate bridge, 12 p.m.; visit from Dewey the therapy dog; 12:30 p.m.; gentle chair yoga, 1 p.m.; Senior Gay Men's Drop-in Group, 1 p.m.; yoga, 2:45 p.m.; tai chi, 2:45 p.m. PALMER Senior Center 29 Central St., 413-283-2670 or online at townofpalmer.com. Weather Policy: If schools are closed due to weather, the center is closed and there is no van service or meal service. The staff reports to work and will be available by phone. If the Town Hall is closed, then the center will also be closed with no staff reporting. Alterations: Tuesdays, 1:30-2:30 p.m., or to make alternate arrangements, call Sandy at 413-289-6319. Free Tips To Live Healthier: Log in from your own computer for two hours a week and learn how to reduce pain, eat well and talk with your doctors so you can live healthier, sign up today, restartliving.org/Massachusetts.php Van Rides: Please remember to schedule out of town van appointments for earlier in the day; the van needs to be back at the center by 4 p.m. If you need to get to an important appointment call PVTA @ 1-866-277-7741. SPECIAL PROGRAMS/SPEAKERS Emergency Preparedness Kits: Thanks to the EOEA Formula Grant we have Red Cross Emergency Kits available. Learn about the contents, effective usage of supplies, kit maintenance and storage requirements from Ruth Amador, RN and you will receive a kit. Wish List: We need coffee, regular/decaf, sugar, flour, canned pumpkin, maple syrup, quart storage bags, sandwich bags, large/small paper plates, and items for our birthday bags. Thanks to all who donate. Need a Carbon Monoxide Detector?: Call the Senior Center and the Palmer Fire Dept. will come and install a free detector if you need one. 50+ Job Seekers Networking Group: 10 a.m.-noon, we will be meeting biweekly on the 2nd and 4th Friday of each month, new topic each meeting. Medical Advocate: We have started a medical advocate program to provide a driver and a person to help you at the Dr. office and be your ears and eyes. You will need to call and schedule the appointment with us and also sign off that you give permission for this person to accompany you into the doctors office. All information is completely confidential. This program is only for those who need the help because they do not hear will or do not understand what the Dr. is telling them. AARP Tax Preparation: Every Tuesday until April 11. This is a volunteer run tax assistance and preparation service and is free. It is available to tax payers with low and moderate incomes and residents age 60 and older. Blue Cross Blue Shield: Nutrition and Wellness For Older Adults: Learn about reading nutrition labels, healthy delicious meals and snack ideas, shopping and cooking meals for one or two and reducing sugar and sodium and eating more veggies, fruits and whole grains. Night Time Pitch: 6 p.m. Movie Day 12:30: 1st and 3rd Mondays of the month Todd Smola: 2nd Tuesday of the month, 10 a.m. Tyler Wolanin: 2nd Wednesday of the month, 12:30 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS CLASSES: YMCA Strength Training: Monday and Wednesday from 10-11 a.m. This one hour class is conducted by certified instructors from the YMCA. This class is appropriate for all levels of ability. Weights are provided by senior center. Cost is only $2.00 per class payable at the front desk. Tai Chi: Every Thursday from 10:30-11:15 a.m. This free class is sponsored by LifeCare of Wilbraham & Stacia Cantin, Certified Tai Chi Instructor. Arthritis/Range of Motion: Tuesdays, 10-11 a.m., free Swimming at the YMCA: Tuesday/Thursday from 1-3 p.m. for Palmer Senior Center attendees. Cost only $3. Payable at the YMCA. Walking Group: Tuesday and Friday , 9-10 am. Dave Ridz, Walking Champion will be leading this group. HEALTH CLINICS Blood Glucose Clinic: 1st Monday of the month, 9 a.m.-noon Fallon Health: 1st Tuesday of the month, 10 a.m.-noon Blood Pressure: Every Wednesday from 9 a.m.-3 p.m. Ruth Amador, RN will be available to take blood pressure readings. (Third Wednesday of month from 9-11:30 a.m.) Ruth will help you w/any questions you may have pertaining to your health or medications. No appointment necessary. Foot Care: By appointment starting at 8:30 a.m., $29, diabetics welcome but must have permission slip signed by a doctor, home visits available to shut ins. Free Hearing Screening: 2nd Thursday of the month, 1:15 a.m.-noon, hearing aid batteries are available for only $2.50 for a package of four. Massage Therapy: 11 a.m.-1:15 p.m., ten minute chair message for $5, call to schedule an appointment SUPPORT SERVICES: Veteran's Agent: Palmer's Veteran's Agent, Debbie has left her position in Palmer. We will be working with the new agent for future appointments.here at the Senior Center.. Volunteer Drivers: Available to drive you to medical/doctor appointments, grocery shopping or the pharmacy; call to set up a ride. Emergency Preparedness Kits: Call the center if you have not received one. Free Legal Assistance: 8:30-9:30 a.m., you must call to schedule an appointment. Computer Classes: Every Thursday (except the 3rd Thurs.) at 10:45 a.m. Call to sign up. Breakfast: Every Tuesday and Thursday morning at 9:15 a.m., $2 donation. Lunch: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 11:30 a.m., call 2 days in advance. Brown Bag: 2nd Friday of the month, 11 a.m.-2 p.m. SHINE: Call for an appointment, Walmart: Pick up begins at 9 a.m., space is limited so call to reserve a seat. You will have approximately 1 hour and 15 minutes to shop. Van Service: Daily van is available Mon. through Fri. 8 a.m.-3:30 p.m., no van 11:30 a.m.-noon, call to schedule. Friends Of The Palmer Senior Center: Meetings will be on the 3rd Thursday of the month 9 a.m. TRIPS May 19-26, 2017: Bermuda 7 day cruise, cost $1195 per person and includes insurance and transportation to the dock in Boston, final payment due March 3. June 12-14: Ogunquit, ME, $434 pp, double occupancy, $50 deposit at sign up with balance due May 9. It includes a lobster bake dinner at Foster's Dinner at Johnathan's, show at Ogunquit Playhouse, free time in Kennebunkport, Maine, guided tour of Portland, a visit to Lenny Libby's Chocolates, lighthouse picture stop, Kittery shops and village, baggage, handling, meal tips, taxes and drivers gratuities. June 15: Twin River Casino, $65, leave at 7:30 a.m. and depart at 4:30 p.m. Includes $15 slot, lunch buffet and matinee show Four By Four. Sept. 10-16: Pigeon Forge and Smoky Mountains Show Trip, $565 pp double occupancy, 7 days, 6 nights, 6 breakfast, 4 dinners, 5 shows, historic downtown Gatlinburg, and a guided tour of the Great Smoky Mountain National Park, $75 due upon signing, add $180 for single occupancy, final payment due July 3. Trip insurance available at additional cost. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Cards: Every Mon., Wed. and Fri., 8:30 a.m. Trivia: Every Fri., 12:30 p.m. Coloring: Every Mon. (except movie day), noon Movies: First and third Mon. of every month at 12:30 p.m. Bingo: Every Mon., 12:30-3 p.m. Pool: Every Mon., 1-3 p.m. Painting Class: Every Tue., 1 p.m., $2 payable to the instructor. Quilting Class: Every Fri., 1 p.m. Crafts: Tue., 9 a.m., Dominoes: Wed. and Fri., 12:30 p.m. Cribbage: Wed., following lunch around 12:30 p.m. Pitch League: Every Tue., 12:30 p.m., thru Nov. 29. Zumba: class will be the 1st and 3rd Friday of the month, 11:45 a.m.-12:45 p.m., $5 per class payable to the instructor Kathy Bergeron, SHELBURNE FALLS Senior Center 7 Maine St., Shelburne Falls, 01370 413-625-2502 Hours: Open Mon.-Thurs., 8 a.m.-4 p.m. WELLNESS/SERVICES Blood Pressure Clinic: 4th Tuesday, 10 a.m., with nurse Lisa White Foot Clinic: 3 Mondays per month, please call for an appointment. Reflexology: 2nd and 4th Tuesday of the month, please call for an appointment. Shine: 1st Wednesday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m., free Medicare plan assistance, please call for an appointment. Caregiver Support Group: 1st Monday, 2 p.m., for people caring for a loved one with Alzheimers or other form of dementia. Call Leanne for information, respite available. Outreach Worker: Monday-Thursday, 8 a.m.-4 p.m., social worker available for information, referrals, assistance with heating, food and housing support. Call for an appointment or walk in. Veteran's Agent: Every Tuesday, 9-11 a.m. Home Repair Program: For Ashfield, Buckland and Shelburne seniors. Small home repairs done by volunteers. Home owner pays for the materials. Call Leanne with project or if interested in volunteering. Van Transportation For Residents of 9 West County Towns: Mon.-Fri. 8 a.m.-4 p.m., medical, shopping and senior center activities. Call Bob for reservations. Meals: Mon., Tues., and Thur. 11:30 a.m., provided by Lifepath, $2.50 donation. Pizza and Movie: Last Wednesday of the month, preregister for lunch. Special Luncheons, 11:30 a.m. April 26: Spring buffet with Fran Ferry, magician SPECIAL EVENTS April 28: Meals on Wheels Walk, 8-11 a.m., at Greenfield Community College. May 2: Bridge Playing, 1 p.m. May 4: Dealing with Chronic Pain, 11-11:30 a.m., brief informational session on upcoming workshops. May 9: Armchair Travel Down the Danube River, 1 p.m., presented by Joan and Hugh Knox. May 10: Grief Support Group, 3-4:30 p.m., call to preregister; Mens Night, 5 p.m., Tour of Steve Howland's tool business. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Aerobics: Tues. and Thur., 10 a.m. African Drumming: Mon., 1 p.m. Beginner Drawing Class: Tues. 1:30 p.m. Bingo: Thur., 12:15-2 p.m. Bones and Balance: Wed., 10 a.m., Thur. in Ashfield., 9:30 am Bridge: Monthly, March 28, 1 p.m. Cribbage Tournaments: Monthly, April 5, 1:30 p.m. Knitting: Thur. 10-11:30 a.m. Memoir Writing: most Fri., 10 a.m.-noon Tai Chi: Mon., 9:30 a.m. for beginners, 10 a.m., for intermediate, Wed., 9:30 a.m., in Ashfield, Thur., 10 a.m. Wii Bowling: Mon. and Tue., noon. Yoga: Wed. and Thur., 8:30 a.m. SOUTH COUNTY Senior Center 67 North Main St., South Deerfield, 01373-1012, 413-665-2141. Hours: Open Mon., Wed. and Fri., 9 a.m.-1 p.m. Aging Gracefully: Free support group, every other Monday, 6:30-9 p.m. Seeking Meals on Wheels Drivers: Receive a small stipend and mileage reimbursement. Wish list: Coffee & tea, regular and decaffeinated, small paper plates, cups, crackers and assorted snacks for morning coffee time, and bark mulch for front of building.. HEALTH INFORMATION Flu Clinics: Town of Deerfield Nurses Office on Wednesdays from 10 a.m.-2 p.m.; home visits are available, contact Lisa White at (413) 665-1400, ext. 114, for more info. LifePath Inc.: Offers assistance through the Benefits Counseling program for income eligible seniors age 60 and up. Also they can help file applications for fuel assistance. Call 413-773-555or email info@LifePathMA.org. Community Health Care of Franklin County: offers medical and dental care to all ages regardless of insurance status or income. Located in Turners Falls, Orange and Greenfield, call 413-325-8500. SHINE: Call Bonnie, 413-773-5555, ext. 2287, to schedule an appointment. Free drug collection: Safely dispose of unwanted medications at the police station in Deerfield and Sunderland, no questions asked. Food Bank of Western Mass: There are area agencies that offer free hot meals and provide free groceries, call 1-800-247-9632 for info. Amherst Survival Center Free Health Clinic: Open Mondays, 12:30-1:30 p.m. and Thursdays 5-6 p.m. AEIOU Urgent Medical Care: Located at 170 University Drive, Amherst, (413) 461-3530 and 489 Bernardston Road, Greenfield, 413-773-1394. TRIAD: Assistive programs for seniors, call 413-774-4726. Franklin County Home Care: Offers assistance through Benefits Counseling Program and can help file applications for fuel assistance and find additional ways to save money, call 413-773-555 or email: info@fchcc.org; fchcc.org. New Veterans Agent Hours: Every 3rd Wednesday from 12:30-2 p.m. No appointment necessary. Stroke Education: Please call Sue if you have questions 413-665-9508. Foot Clinic: Please call 413-665-9508 in advance for appointment. Seated Yoga: Thursdays from 10:45-11:45 a.m. with Marcia Gobeil. $8 walk in or $36 for six weeks. Call 413-665-2141 for more information. Farm Stand Fridays: 11-1 p.m., every Friday we have free vegetables available for seniors donated by Atlas Farm Stand. Movie: Monthly Tea Socials: Sewing Group: Knitting Circle: Mondays, 10 a.m.-noon at the Sunderland Library. UPCOMING EVENTS TRAVEL CLUB WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Card games, 9 a.m.; exercise, 10 a.m.; water painting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Card games, 9 a.m; exercise, 10 a.m. Thursday: Seated yoga, 10:45 a.m., $8 walk-in or $36 for six weeks. Friday: Card games, 9 a.m.; bingo, 9:30 a.m.; balance in motion, 9:30 a.m.; healthy bones/balance exercise, 10:30 a.m.; social hour, 1 p.m. SOUTHAMPTON Council on Aging 210 College Highway, 413-529-2105. Hours: Mon.-Thurs., 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Comfort doll knitting, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Osteo exercise class, 9 a.m. Wednesday: TOPS (take off pounds sensibly), 10 a.m.; Bingo, 1 p.m. Thursday: Computer class, 10 a.m. Sign up in advance. WALES Senior Center 3 Hollow Road, 413-245-9683. Bingo: 3rd Tuesday of each month, 10 a.m., win prizes, make friends & have fun, $1 a board. Blood Pressure Clinic: Free, 3rd Thursday of each month, 11:30 a.m. - 12:30 p.m. Massage: 1st Tuesday of each month, 10 minutes, $5, appointment necessary, please call 413-245-9683. Foot Clinic: 1st Wednesday of each month, $30. Call for appointment, 413-245-9683. Monthly Birthday: 4th Tuesday of each month, 12:30 p.m., cake and birthday recognition will be given out, feel free to join us for lunch prior to the party, sign up for lunch and party no later than 2 days prior. Outreach Coordinator: Wednesdays and Thursdays by appointment, 10 a.m.-3 p.m., for fuel assistance and SNAP applications, etc. Trips: Call the Senior Center at 413-245-9683 for the latest information. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9:30 a.m., $2 donation; cribbage, 1-3 p.m.; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m.; SHINE councilor on staff for medical questions 1-3 p.m. by appt., (413) 245-9683. Tuesday: Lunch, noon, $3, must call the morning before to sign up, no exceptions, please; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. Wednesday: Breakfast 2nd and 4th Wed., 7:45-9:45 a.m., $3, call for reservations; Food Pantry, 10 a.m. - noon; Chair Yoga, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; Pitch League, noon-3 p.m.; mini gym, noon-2:30 p.m. Thursday: Chair dancing, 10:30 a.m., $2 donation; lunch, noon, $3; mini gym, 10 a.m.-2:30 p.m. WARE Senior Center 1 Robbins Road, 413-967-9645. Contact: townofware.com, click on “departments,” then “council on aging”. Van Rides: Need a ride? Call 413-967-9645. Please give two days notice, 9 a.m.-1 p.m. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Tai chi, 9 a.m., $4; scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; book club, last Monday of the month, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; yoga, 1 p.m., $5; Bingo 4:30- 8 p.m. Tuesday: Scat, 9 a.m.; osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; COA Board meeting, third Tuesday, 9:30 a.m.; chair massage, first and third Tuesday, 10 a.m.-noon, 30 minutes, $30, call for appointment; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; cribbage, 1 p.m.; Writer's Club, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Foot nurse 8:30 a.m., every other month, call for appointment; tai chi, 9 a.m., $4.; Scat, 9 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; birthday party, third Wednesday of the month, 11 a.m.; Walgreens blood pressure check/presentation, first Wednesday, 11:30 a.m.; Bingo,12:30 p.m.; blood drive, first Wednesday, 1-6 p.m. Thursday: Osteo exercise, 9:15 a.m., Valley View Apartments; line dancing, 10 a.m., $3; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; pitch, 1 p.m. Friday: Scat, 9 a.m.; lawn games, 9 a.m.; movie, 9:30 a.m.; lunch, 11:30 a.m.; Brown Bag program, second Friday, 11 a.m. WEST BROOKFIELD Senior Center 73 Central St. 508-867-1407. Clinics: Lipid panel and blood glucose screening, 12-hour fasting required, call 413-967-2488 for an appointment. WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Tuesday: Cribbage, 9:15 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. ham radio, 7 p.m. Wednesday: Brown Bag It, noon; Wii, 10 a.m.; Crafty Ladies, 1 p.m., blood pressure, 11 a.m.; Silvertones, 1 p.m; veterans agent, 1 p.m. Thursday: Tai chi, 8:30 a.m.; Wii, 10 a.m. Friday: Wii, 10 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m. WILBRAHAM Senior Center 45 Post Office Park, 413-596-8379. Alzheimer's Support Group: Last Tuesday of each month, 2-3 p.m., in the Brooks Room of the Wilbraham Library. Book Club: 3rd Thursday of the month, 2:30 - 3:30 p.m.. COA Board: 1st Wednesday, 4 p.m. HEALTH & FITNESS: Chair Massage: 1st Friday, $10 for 10 minutes, call to register. Blood Pressure Reading: Tuesdays, 11 a.m.-noon. Foot Care Nurses: Available for home visits, $29, appointment needed. Reflexology: 1st and 3rd Friday of each month, $10 for 15 minutes, call to make and appointment. Lunch: Monday, Tuesday, 11:45 a.m., reservations must be made the week prior. Quilting Club: 2nd and 4th Thursday, 1 p.m. UPCOMING EVENTS WEEKLY ACTIVITIES Monday: Gentle walking, noon; pitch, 12:30 p.m.; rug making, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Around Town; chair exercise, 10 a.m.; aerobics, 10:40 a.m.; blood pressure readings, 11 a.m.; knitting, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Walmart; tai chi, 9 a.m.; Gentle Exercise class, 10:15 a.m.; line dance, 1:40 p.m.; zumba, 2 p.m. Thursday: Stop & Shop; tap dance, 9:30 a.m.; jazz class, 10 a.m.; chair exercises, 10 a.m.; dominoes, 11:30 a.m.; support group, 1 p.m.; quilting club, 1 p.m. Friday: Men's Breakfast Club, 8:30 a.m.; SHINE, 9 a.m.; zumba gold, 10:30 a.m.; bridge, 1 p.m.; line dancing, 1:40 p.m. Mail items to The Republican, P.O. Box 1329, Springfield, MA 01102-1329, fax to 413-788-1301 or email to pluspapers@repub.com. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Search for Community events Select a Start Date See All Events  » Submit Your Events  » Most Read Active Discussions About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Recall roundup: Easter toys, chest of drawers, adjustable beds, tumblers, more Filed under Retail at 10 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now More than 500,000 water-absorbing toys are being recalled because they pose hazard to children if ingested. Other recalled consumer products this week include potentially defective garbage disposals and drink tumblers. WATER-ABSORBING TOYS DETAILS: Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs, Easter Grow Toys and Hatch Your Own Dino sold at Target stores nationwide from February 2017 through March 2017. Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs and Easter Grow Toys have model number 234-25-1200 on the back of the product's packaging. Hatch Your Own Dino Egg has model number 234-09-0016 on the label inserted in the product's packaging. The pink, blue, or purple Hatch & Grow Easter Eggs include a white bunny, brown bunny, or butterfly. The Easter Grow Toys include a yellow chick, brown bunny, or white bunny. The Hatch Your Own Dino Eggs are purple or yellow/green and contains one of eleven dinosaurs. WHY: If the small toy is ingested, it can expand inside a child's body and cause intestinal obstructions, resulting in severe discomfort, vomiting, dehydration, and could be life threatening. Surgery is required to remove the toy from the body, if ingested. Medical professionals and parents should be aware that there is a possibility that the toys might not show up on an x-ray. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 560,000. FOR MORE: Call Target at 800- 440-0680 between 7 a.m. to 8 p.m. CT Monday through Sunday, visit www.target.com and click on "Recalls" at the bottom of the page, then on "School/Stationery/Seasonal," or the "Product Recalls" tab on Target's Facebook page. CHEST OF DRAWERS DETAILS: Bow Front chests of drawers from the Vanguard Furniture Compendium Collection sold at Furniture stores from August 2015 to February 2017. The eight-drawer beechwood chests have primavera veneers and are finished in a variety of custom colors. The chests weigh 250 pounds and measure 36 inches high by 20 inches deep by 75 inches wide. Tip restraint kits were included with each chest of drawers. WHY: The recalled chests are unstable if they are not anchored to a wall, posing a serious tip-over and entrapment hazard that can result in injuries or death to children. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 170. FOR MORE: Call Vanguard Furniture at 800-968-1702 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice(at)vanguardfurniture.com, or visit www.VanguardFurniture.com and click on "Contact." DRINK TUMBLERS DETAILS: 14-ounce Teavana flip tumblers used for steeping hot tea. The recalled tumblers have a clear plastic cap with a welded black base that screws onto a stainless steel tumbler. The tumblers were sold in black and silver and measure about 10 inches tall by 3 inches in diameter. "Teavana" is printed on the side of the tumbler. Sold at Teavana stores nationwide and at Teavana.com from October 2016 through February 2017. WHY: The flip tumblers can leak hot liquid, posing a burn hazard. INCIDENTS: 12 reports of the tumblers leaking, including one report of a burn injury to a consumer's abdomen. HOW MANY: About 23,600 in the U.S. and about 1,600 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Teavana at 877-832-8262 from 5:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday and 7 a.m. to 3 p.m. PT on Saturday or visit www.Teavana.com and click on "Recall Information" at the bottom of the page and then select "Teavana Flip Tumbler." GARBAGE DISPOSALS DETAILS: This recall involves 3/4 and 1 horsepower disposals sold at Best Buy, HD Supply, Menards, and plumbing supply stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, HomeDepot.com, Walmart.com and other websites from December 2015 through March 2017. Details on recalled brands, model numbers and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Anaheim-and-Moen-Recall-Garbage-Disposals . The disposal housings were sold in silver, gray, black and blue and have the brand name printed on them. The brand name, model number and serial number are printed on a label on the bottom or side of the disposals. WHY: A metal component inside the disposal can break off and come out of the disposal during use, posing an impact hazard. INCIDENTS: 22 reports of a metal component coming out of a disposal, including three reports of a broken component hitting consumers. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 146,000 in the U.S. and about 2,700 were sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Anaheim Manufacturing at 800-628-0797 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or visit www.anaheimmfg.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. UTILITY VEHICLES DETAILS: John Deere Gator Utility Vehicles with model number XUV590i or XUV590i S4 printed on the hood and the "John Deere" and "Gator" brand names printed on the cargo box. The serial number, located on the frame on the rear of the machine above the hitch, ranges from "1M0590 to M010001 -- 20742" and "1M0590 to M010001 -- 20277". They were sold at John Deere dealers nationwide from January 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The dust boot on the throttle cable can come loose, resulting in the vehicle not slowing down or stopping, posing a crash hazard. INCIDENTS: 2 reports of the dust boot on the throttle cable coming loose. No reports of injuries. HOW MANY: About 8,500. FOR MORE: Call Deere & Co. at 800-537-8233, from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, and Saturday from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. ET, or visit www.deere.com and select "Product Recall Information" on the drop-down menu under "Services & Support." ADJUSTABLE BEDS DETAILS: The bases of Customatic adjustable beds. These power foundations were offered in all bed sizes and were sold with hand-held remote controls, allowing the head and/or foot of the bed mattress to be moved up and down. These bases also have a side-mounted AC outlet. The model numbers can be found on the metal frame near the foot of the bed. A detailed list can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Customatic-Beds-Recalls-Adjustable-Beds . They were sold at Sleepy's and other mattress stores nationwide from June 2012 through January 2017. WHY: The bed's side-mounted AC outlets can be incorrectly wired, posing an electric shock hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 50,000. FOR MORE: Call Customatic Beds at 844-815-9023 from 9 a.m. through 9 p.m. ET Monday through Saturday. SOLAR PANELS DETAILS: This recall involves Roof-Mounted Bosch Photovoltaic Solar Modules with model number c-Si M 60 NA30119. Bosch solar modules are photovoltaic solar panels used to generate electricity. Each module measures approximately 65 inches by 39 inches by 1.65 inches, and weighs just less than 42 pounds. The solar cells are housed in a glass-foil laminate framed by an anodized aluminum profile. The output power of the panel is 245-watt peak. WHY: The solar panels can overheat, posing a risk of fire. INCIDENTS: Commercial installers nationwide from October 2011 through May 2013. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Bosch at 855-866-8470 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, send email to boschsolar(at)us.bosch or visit www.bosch-solarenergy.com and click on "Learn More" under "Roof-installed solar panel recall" and to register for free replacement. ALL-TERRAIN VEHICLES DETAILS: This recall involves model year 2017 Polaris Sportsman 450, 570, 850, 1000 and Scrambler 1000 model ATVs. They were sold at Polaris dealers nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. The recalled ATVs have "Polaris" printed on the front grill and "Sportsman 450," "Sportsman 570," "Sportsman 850," "Sportsman 1000" or "Scrambler 1000" printed on the side of the steering column. The model number is located on the fuel tank cover. To check for recalled vehicles by VIN, visit www.polaris.com . Details can also be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Polaris-Recalls-Sportsman-All-Terrain-Vehicles-Recall-Alert WHY: The electronic power steering unit can malfunction, posing a crash hazard. INCIDENTS: 15 reports of the electronic power steering unit malfunctioning. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 3,800. FOR MORE: Call Polaris at 800-765-2747 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.polaris.com and click on "Off Road Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. OFF-HIGHWAY VEHICLES DETAILS: This recall involves all model year 2015 Polaris Ranger XP 900, XP 900 EPS, and CREW 900 recreational off-highway vehicles (ROVs). They were sold at Polaris dealers nationwide from April 2014 through March 2017. The recalled ROVs were sold in a variety of colors and have either three or six seats and a rear box. "Ranger" is printed on the rear box, and "900" is printed on the hood. All 2015 Ranger 900 models and vehicle identification numbers (VINs) are included in this recall. The VIN is printed on the frame on the driver's side towards the rear of the vehicle. To check for recalled vehicles by VIN, visit www.polaris.com . Details can also be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Polaris-Recalls-Ranger-900-Recreational-Off-Highway-Vehicles WHY: A heat shield can fall off the vehicle, posing fire and burn hazards to riders. INCIDENTS: 13 incident reports involving the recalled ROVs, including five reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 51,000. FOR MORE: Call Polaris at 800-765-2747 from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday and Friday, or visit www.polaris.com and click on "Off Road Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. -By Associated Press View Comments Tags Retail Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
News Obituaries Al Golin, PR exec who got credit from Ray Kroc for McDonald's success, dies Al Golin Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune Al Golin, a public relations executive who received credit from Ray Kroc for the success of McDonald’s, died April 8, 2017, in Scottsdale, Ariz. He was 87. Al Golin, a public relations executive who received credit from Ray Kroc for the success of McDonald’s, died April 8, 2017, in Scottsdale, Ariz. He was 87. (Michael Tercha / Chicago Tribune) Rick KoganContact ReporterChicago Tribune The world of public relations can be a loud place, filled with hype, hyperbole and self-absorption. But as a major force and influential presence in that world for more than 60 years Al Golin was an oasis of quiet dignity, compassion and humility. Espousing such notions as "Putting a human face on companies is our specialty," Golin built a small Chicago-based company into one of world's largest public relations firms, one that still bears his name. A lifelong Chicagoan, Golin, 87, died on April 8 in Scottsdale, Ariz. He had for some years been suffering from prostate cancer and died in his sleep. "We had a wonderful roller coaster of a life," said his wife of 55 years, June. "He liked to have me involved in his business. I would be there for meetings, and we traveled the world together. We talked a lot about these things during his illness and we actually came to the same conclusion: No regrets. We had a great life because we made such a good team." There is an often-told story that tried to capture the basis of Golin's success and, indeed, his legend. It involves a phone call he made in 1957 to a man named Ray Kroc, who had recently opened a restaurant called McDonald's in suburban Des Plaines. After some small talk, Kroc invited Golin to his office where the two men talked some more and a deal was made. Alvin (ever known as Al) Golin was born on June 19, 1929, in Chicago. His father, Charles, was of Polish descent, and his mother Jeannette's family was from Lithuania. He had a brother, Theodore, who was three years older. Newsmakers and celebrities with Chicago ties who died in 2017. His mother's family owned a number of movie theaters in the city and his father ran one of them, the De Luxe Theater on Wilson Avenue. Golin worked there as an usher and behind the candy counter, and often invited pals to come see movies for free, making him understandably one of the most popular kids at Nettelhorst grammar school and Senn High School. The family lived comfortably in the Belmont Harbor area and, after high school, Golin attended Roosevelt University, where he was assistant editor of the school paper, hosted a weekly radio show and graduated with a bachelor's degree in business in 1950. Surely influenced by his youthful brush with movies, he aspired to be a movie producer and toward that end his first job after college was in the Chicago offices of MGM Studios, where he handled publicity for such visiting stars as Clark Gable and Spencer Tracy. He enjoyed his time there but, in 1956, he accepted the position of junior partner at Max Cooper & Associates, a small, six-person public relations firm. The next year he made that legendary phone call to Kroc who, upon meeting and talking with Golin, signed him to a $500-per-month retainer. His relationship with the man and the company was an enduring one, arguably the longest-lasting client-agency partnership in the PR industry, a fact manifested in a now faded and framed 1977 Western Union telegram sent by Kroc that hung on the wall of Golin's office: "We never would have made it without your help. We were immature amateurs with virtually no friends. Thank you, Al, a million times." Golin became a partner in the firm in 1958 and over the decades the firm's name changed as it grew, but Golin name was always on the door. What is now known simply as Golin has more than 50 offices and 1,200 employees worldwide, and a client roster that includes such major brands as, of course, McDonald's, but also Wal-Mart, Unilever, Nintendo, Texas Instruments and Mondelez. 'Founder' director aimed for complicated, conflicted view of McDonald's Ray Kroc Samantha Bomkamp Ray Kroc spent a lifetime trying to make a living from other people's ideas. He hawked paper cups, folding kitchen tables called FoldaNooks (he didn't sell a single one), and milkshake machines before he discovered the best idea — of someone else — yet: McDonald's. "The Founder," which opens nationwide... Ray Kroc spent a lifetime trying to make a living from other people's ideas. He hawked paper cups, folding kitchen tables called FoldaNooks (he didn't sell a single one), and milkshake machines before he discovered the best idea — of someone else — yet: McDonald's. "The Founder," which opens nationwide... (Samantha Bomkamp) "I've spent half my life working with Al. He has been my boss, my mentor and, most of all, my friend," said company Chairman Fred Cook. "Al loved this company, and his honest, humble, humorous approach to life and business made a huge impact on all of us. Al's character defines who we are." (There is a remarkable gathering of remembrances and testimonials to be found at golin.com/tributes-to-al/.) Golin was charming and he was also persuasive. As a young man he convinced Ernest Hemingway, enjoying himself in a Havana bar, to pose for a photo. He also knocked on the door of the home of the aging painter Norman Rockwell and convinced him to do a painting for the cover of a McDonald's annual report. Some of his life/business philosophy was detailed in his fine 2003 book, "Trust or Consequences: Build Trust Today or Lose Your Market Tomorrow," including such tenets as "Find a job you love and you will never work another day the rest of your life"; "Happy employees make for happy clients"; and "Do the right thing because it's the right thing to do." He never really retired, remaining a fixture in Golin's Chicago offices , where he counseled colleagues and clients. In recent years he and his wife spent the winter months in Scottsdale, but he stayed connected to the business on a daily basis by email and phone. He met his wife, June Kerns, at the premiere screening of "Exodus." She was divorced with two young children whom Golin would adopt: Barry, now a musician/teacher in London, and Karen, a longtime schoolteacher, who lives in Arizona. Golin called Kerns, and on their first date they went to a Lenny Bruce performance. They shared similar backgrounds, indeed grew up in the same apartment building, though they never met then, and both attended at different times the same grammar and high schools. She was a trained opera singer with a passion for show tunes, and she often performed at parties and at her husband's corporate events, accompanied for more than 40 years by the late jazz great pianist Joe Vito. They were married in 1961 and daughter Ellen arrived two years later. "My father actually did love what he did," said Ellen Resnick, who runs Crystal Clear Communications public relations firm and lives with her husband, David, blocks from where her parents grew up. "He brought his work home to the dinner tables and we all shared in it. Most of family vacations were McDonald's-related, going to see the McDonald's All-American High School Band perform in the Macy's Christmas Parade in New York or in the Rose Bowl Parade in California. Newsmakers and celebrities who died in 2017. "Of course he greatly influenced my career, starting about the time my sister and I would take press clippings about his clients and use rubber cement to paste them into large books." The family moved from the city to the suburbs, living for more than three decades in Glencoe before Al and June moved back downtown a few years ago. An avid tennis player in his youth — he founded the Roosevelt University tennis team in 1948 — Golin played golf as often as he could and swam laps almost daily. He was a lifelong sports fan, especially fond of the Bears and Cubs. In the 1970s he tried to facilitate a deal for Kroc to buy the baseball team, sending a letter to Cubs owner William Wrigley expressing Kroc's interest. Wrigley's response was terse: "Some things in life aren't for sale and the Chicago Cubs is one of them." For the last several years, Golin remained engaged in current events. He was particularly concerned during the production of the recent film about his friend Kroc — "The Founder," starring Michael Keaton — which was released in theaters in January. "That was the last movie we ever saw," said his wife. "We went with our daughter Ellen and, well, Al didn't like it at all." Golin was awarded virtually every significant honor in his field, among them being named one of the 100 Most Influential Public Relations People of the 20th Century by PR Week and inducted into its Hall of Fame in 2014, as well as receiving honorary doctorate degrees from DePaul University and Roosevelt University. He also served for 30 years on the Board of Directors for the Goodman Theatre. One of his most enduring legacies is likely to be the Al Golin Trust Bank Award that each year since 1992 has been presented to the McDonald's franchise operator who has had the most significant impact on his or her community. It is always difficult to find an anecdote that will provide the measure of a person. But last year, at a celebration of his firm's 60th anniversary, Golin said: "Someone once asked me, 'Was the call to Ray Kroc the most important call you ever made in your life?' And I said, 'No it was really the second most important call. The first one was asking my wife, June, out for our first date.'" In addition to his wife, Golin is survived by son Barry; daughters Karen Golin and Ellen Resnick; six grandchildren; and one great grandson. A memorial service is being planned. rkogan@chicagotribune.com Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Obituaries Mondelez International MGM Inc. DePaul University Jim Roetheli, Santa at Marshall Field's and Macy's, dies at 69 Jane Gerber, psychotherapist who focused on human potential, dies Al Golin Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 62°
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments Joshua Hart and Brittany Smith of Athol deny 2nd murder charge in Orange home invasion Print Email Mary Serreze | Special to The Republican By Mary Serreze | Special to The Republican The Republican Follow on Twitter on April 14, 2017 at 3:14 PM comments GREENFIELD -- Two young Athol residents on Friday denied murder charges related to an Oct. 5 home invasion in which an elderly woman was critically injured and later died. Joshua Hart, 24, and Brittany Smith, 28, were handcuffed and flanked by their lawyers in Franklin Superior Court, and each pleaded not guilty to the murder of Joanna Fisher, 77. Judge John Agostini accepted the pleas. Hart and Smith in January denied murdering Fisher's husband, Thomas Harty, 95. Fisher, who was wheelchair bound, died Nov. 10, five weeks after Hart and Smith allegedly burst into the 581 East River St. home where Harty and Fisher had been sitting watching TV in the evening. Prosecutors say Harty was beaten and stabbed to death, and Fisher was beaten, suffocated and initially survived a knife wound to the throat. Harty and Fisher's 2003 Toyota station wagon and credit cards were stolen. Fisher was found the next morning by home health workers. DA describes deadly Orange home invasion Hart and Smith were apprehended Oct. 7 in a Walmart parking lot in Virginia. They were initially arraigned in Orange District Court on Oct. 14. At the time, Fisher was still alive. Hart and Smith were arraigned in January on a murder charge in connection with Harty's slaying, as well as for other charges related to the home invasion. Hart and Smith have been held without the right to bail since their initial arraignment, but not in relation to the murder charge. They were held in relation to a second docket alleging separate housebreaks and a car theft in the days before the home invasion. Assistant Northwestern District Attorney Jeremy Bucci moved Friday to keep the two held without the right to bail. Lawyers for the defense did not object, and Agostini granted the motion. Agostini also agreed to join the two murder charges in a single docket for the pretrial period. However, Hart and Smith will face trial separately. Hart is represented by court-appointed lawyer Brian Murphy, and Smith by attorneys Mary Ann Stamm and Bruce Green. Hart is held at the Franklin County Jail and House of Correction in Greenfield, and Smith at the Western Massachusetts Regional Women's Correctional Center in Chicopee. The Office of the Chief Medical Examiner determined that Fisher's Nov. 10 death stemmed from the Oct. 5 assault, according to the district attorney's office. The combined charges both will face include: two counts of murder two counts of home invasion, one naming each alleged victim two counts of armed robbery, one naming each alleged victim conspiracy larceny over $250 larceny of a motor vehicle receiving stolen property unauthorized use of a credit card The two also face charges in connection with earlier incidents, including breaking and entering and larceny over $250. If convicted of first-degree murder, each defendant faces a mandatory sentence of life in state prison without the possibility of parole. Hart and Smith are due back at the Franklin County Justice Center June 29 for a pretrial hearing. Agostini agreed to an April 2018 trial date. MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive on YouTube Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for push notifications Sign up for custom traffic alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Active Discussions Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
POLITICO Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Magazine Magazine Home Today's Cover Opinion Latest Stories Weekly Email Signups What Works Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure Policy Agriculture Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure https://www.politicopro.com Search Search Login Account Details Log In Log Out U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York Menu Sections Congress White House Magazine The Agenda Latest Election Results POLITICO Live POLITICO Live Home Upcoming Events Previous Events About POLITICO Live Multimedia All Video POLITICO Podcasts Playback Blogs & Columns Playbook Plus Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Rich Lowry 45 Presidential Tracker Series What Works Women Rule POLITICO Caucus Agenda 2020 The First 100 Days: Trade Connect With Us If Trump Fired Bannon, Would He Seek Revenge? White House says it won't make visitor logs public White House showdown on Paris deal set for next week Your farm is trying to kill you Trump’s got a new favorite Steve Worries deepen about Trump's military tilt Politico POLITICO Influence Intelligence and analysis on lobbying Get the POLITICO Influence Newsletter Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time. Facebook Twitter Google + Email Print Google, Facebook, Snapchat lobby up By Theodoric Meyer 04/14/17 02:00 PM EDT With David Beavers, Aubree Eliza Weaver and Daniel Lippman TECH GIANTS LOBBY UP: Google, Facebook and Snapchat are all signing new lobbyists amid a flood of end-of-quarter filings. Google has added Holland & Knight to its stable of lobbying firms, working for its Waymo self-driving car operation on “development, testing, deployment and regulation of autonomous vehicles,” according to a disclosure filing. Facebook has hired Ogilvy Government Relations to lobby on immigration reform. (The company also brought on BakerHostetler last quarter.) And Snapchat has hired Monument Policy Group to lobby on technology, cybersecurity and “lawful access issues.” (Invariant and Jochum Shore & Trossevin also lobby for Snapchat.) Story Continued Below — Other filings that caught our eye: Koch Industries — a major opponent of House Speaker Paul Ryan’s border-adjustment tax proposal — has hired Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher to lobby on tax reform. And Dorelita Limited, a Greek consulting firm, has hired former Rep. Buck McKeon (R-Calif.), to “assist with developing and improving relationships with US government officials” and “manage meetings with US Administration, Congress and Dorelita.” NATIONAL RETAIL FEDERATION HITS THE AIR TO FIGHT BORDER ADJUSTMENT: The National Retail Federation is hitting the air while members are at home during the recess, going up with new TV and digital ads pushing House Republicans to oppose the proposed border-adjustment tax. The ads feature small-business owners who say the tax would devastate their companies. They’re targeting three GOP lawmakers who the trade group hopes will vote against the proposal, which has been championed by House Speaker Paul Ryan and Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady: Reps. David Valadao (R-Calif.), Andy Barr (R-Ky.) and John Culberson (R-Texas). (Valadao and Culberson are both likely Democratic targets next year after Hillary Clinton carried their districts in November.) — Why is the NRF hitting the air now? “We thought it was time to introduce the voice of small-business owners into the conversation,” said David French, the NRF’s senior vice president of government relations. Much of the campaign against the tax has been waged by Americans for Affordable Products, a coalition that includes giant companies like Wal-Mart, Nike and Target. (Another coalition, the American Made Coalition, led by exporters like General Electric and Boeing, has championed the tax.) The NRF’s goal is to kill the border adjustment by the time Congress is ready to move onto tax reform, so Congress can pass legislation more favorable to retailers. “It’s dead in the Senate, it’s probably dead in the House, and it’s time to admit it,” French said. Watch one of the ads here. Good afternoon, and welcome to PI. This newsletter lives and dies by your tips. Switching jobs? Making a hire? Sign a new client? Get in touch: tmeyer@politico.com. You can also follow me on Twitter: @theodoricmeyer. BARNETT IN THE AGE OF TRUMP: It was “Bob Barnett, the Washington superlawyer who likes to describe himself as the ‘doorman to the revolving door,’” who represented the Obamas and Hillary Clinton in their post-election book deals. “But the Obama and Clinton book deals are being viewed by people in the publishing and agenting business as potentially something of a Barnett swan song,” POLITICO’s Annie Karni reports. “His old-school tactics — a multimillion-dollar book deal for an outgoing government official, coupled with a launch on ‘60 Minutes’ or one of the Sunday shows — seem out of sync in the age of Trump, a former reality show star who reverse-engineered his presidency by starting with the lucrative book, the branding and the television deals and then worked his way into the Oval Office.” Full story. BEEKEEPER AND PIVOT POINT COMBINE: The Beekeeper Group, a Washington public affairs firm, has acquired Pivot Point Communications, a public relations and marketing firm based in Alexandria, Va. Vanessa French, Pivot Point’s president and lead strategist, and Casey Kincheloe, Pivot Point’s creative director and new media strategist, are joining Beekeeper’s leadership team. HOW BOEING’S CHIEF EXECUTIVE CHANGED TRUMP’S MIND: Donald Trump called the Export-Import Bank — reviled by the House Freedom Caucus and other conservatives as a symbol of “crony capitalism” — “unnecessary” during the campaign. “But that view changed earlier this year after he talked to Boeing Co. CEO Dennis Muilenburg, who explained to him what role the bank plays, according to people familiar with the matter,” The Wall Street Journal’s Eli Stokols and Michael C. Bender report. “In a recent meeting with lawmakers, Sen. Heidi Heitkamp (D., N.D.) urged Mr. Trump to fill the bank’s board vacancies, and the president told Ms. Heitkamp that he agreed with her that the posts—which require a presidential nomination—should be filled.” Full story. CHARITIES STICK WITH MAR-A-LAGO: A number of Florida charitable donors unhappy with President Donald Trump’s policies demanded earlier this year that charities stop holding their events at Trump’s Mar-a-Lago resort, The Palm Beach Post’s Alexandra Clough reports. “A few charities, hoping to minimize backlash, agreed to look for ‘neutral’ venues. But in interviews with numerous charities, donors, event planners and venues, it now seems that most, if not all, charities will stay put at Trump properties for the 2017-18 winter season. This is the case even if Trump’s policies appear to contradict the very causes for which the charities seek to raise money.” Full story. SPOTTED: At a “fireside chat” about Amazon’s rooftop solar panel initiative last night at the company’s Washington offices, according to a PI tipster: Amazon’s Kara Hurst and Tom Chandlee, who led the discussion; Yuri Horwitz of Sol Systems, who moderated; Carrie Annand of the Biomass Power Association; Brandon Audap of the Solar Energy Industries Association; Blaise Sheridan of Sen. Al Franken’s office; Linda Church Ciocci of the National Hydropower Association; Gil Jenkins, Lesley Hunter, James Hewett, Greg Westrup, Scott Clausen and Anna Hahnemann of the American Council on Renewable Energy, which hosted the event with Amazon; Bud DeFlaviis of the Fuel Cell and Hydrogen Energy Association; Katharine Lister and T.A. Hawks of Monument Policy Group; and Brian Huseman, Andrea Fava, Shannon Kellogg, Kate Viar, Charlotte Newman and Jena Gross of Amazon. ON THE CALENDAR: “Top insurance officials from across the country are scheduled to meet with [Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services] Administrator Seema Verma on Tuesday as the Trump administration weighs a decision that could determine the future viability of the Obamacare markets,” POLITICO’s Paul Demko reports. “Executives from America’s Health Insurance Plans, the Blue Cross Blue Shield Association and many of the country’s largest regional plans are among those expected to attend the gathering. The list of health plans that have confirmed attendance includes Molina Healthcare, Geisinger Health Plan, Oscar Insurance Company, Kaiser Permanente and Health Care Service Corp.” NEW JOINT FUNDRAISERS: MacArthur-Donovan Victory Fund (Rep. Dan Donovan, Rep. Tom MacArthur, NRCC) NEW PACs: Fight Back PAC (Super PAC) Friend Group (PAC) NEW LOBBYING REGISTRATIONS: Alston & Bird LLP: Burd Health LLC Atlantic Strategies Group LLC: Aurora Flight Sciences Corp. Atlantic Strategies Group LLC: Sarcos Corp. BC Consulting, LLC: Border Trade Alliance BGR Government Affairs: Cognizant Technology Solutions Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck, LLP: CoBank Capitol Tax Partners, LLP: Charter Communications Cassidy & Associates, Inc. (formerly known as Cassidy & Associates): Drone Shield Cassidy & Associates, Inc. (formerly known as Cassidy & Associates): Fulcrum Bioenergy Cassidy & Associates, Inc. (formerly known as Cassidy & Associates): Proof Point Systems Crowell & Moring LLP: North Star Minerals Inc. Daley Policy Group: Rockdale County Board of Commissioners Davidoff Hutcher & Citron, LLP: H2o Engineering Inc Downs Government Affairs: Portland Community College Economic Policy Strategies: Smart Growth America FaegreBD Consulting: Energy Fuels Resources Inc. Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP: Koch Industries Greenberg Traurig, LLP: GlobalFoundries U.S. Inc. Hilltop Advocacy: Solutions for Change Holland & Knight LLP: Google (on behalf of Waymo LLC) Holland & Knight LLP: Resolve Marine Group, Inc. Ice Miller LLP: American Health Care Association Jackson Vaughn Public Strategies: Smart Payment Plan Jeffrey J. Kimbell & Associates, Inc.: Zimmer, Inc. McGuireWoods Consulting (A Subsidiary of McGuireWoods LLP): Physician Hospitals of America (PHA) Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, Inc.: VMware, Inc. Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: City of Harvard, IL Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: CoxHealth Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Greenville College Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Living Water International Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Nutrition and Education International Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Oneida Healthcare Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Parkinson's Institute and Clinical Center Merchant Mcintyre & Associates, LLC: Pine Rest Christian Mental Health Services Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Rehoboth McKinley Christian Health Care Services Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Susan B. Allen Memorial Hospital Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: Westmont College Merchant McIntyre & Associates, LLC: White River Health System Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, LLP: Fidia Pharma USA Ogilvy Government Relations: Facebook, Inc. Peck Madigan Jones: Munich American Reassurance Company Peck Madigan Jones: SCOR Reinsurance Co. Peck Madigan Jones: Service Year Alliance Peyser Associates LLC: City of Carlsbad, CA Pinnacle Engineering and Management Solutions: HawkEye 360 Quantum International, LLC: GHO Ventures, LLC Republic Consulting, LLC: A&W Restaurants, Inc. Robin Walker: The Foundation for Government Accountability S-3 Group: American Rheinmetall Systems, LLC S-3 Group: National Business Aviation Association Squire Patton Boggs: Hillsborough County Strategic Marketing Group, LLC: Strategic Marketing Group, LLC Strategos Public Affairs: Education Corporation of America The D Major Group: The Doctors Hospital at Renaissance The Madison Group: National Urban League The McKeon Group, Inc.: Dorelita Limited Upstream Consulting, Inc.: Aegerion Pharmaceuticals A Novelion Therapeutics Company Van Fleet Associates: Power Pack GP lobbying for client Vital Construction Electric Vantageknight, Inc.: Puerto Rico Industrial Development Company Vantageknight, Inc.: The Conservation Trust of Puerto Welsh Rose, LLC: Partnership for Quality Home Health NEW LOBBYING TERMINATIONS: Akin Gump Strauss Hauer & Feld: Bay Mills Community College Bloom Strategic Counsel: MillerCoors LLC Borski Associates: City Of Philadelphia Cavarocchi Ruscio Dennis Associates, L.L.C.: American Educational Research Association Constantine Cannon, LLP: America's Specialty Medicine Companies (comprised of participants on line 13) Constantine Cannon, LLP: Gazelle, Inc. Drinker Biddle & Reath LLP: U S Chamber Institute For Legal Reform Gephardt Group Government Affairs: Great Plains Institute Gephardt Group Government Affairs: Greenidge Generation LLC Group Health Cooperative: Group Health Cooperative Hammer Associates, LLC: Furman Group Liberty Partners Group, LLC: McKesson Corporation and its Affiliate U.S. Oncology (formerly US Oncology) Liberty Partners Group, LLC: Preferred Vascular Group (Cardiovascular Coalition) Liberty Partners Group, LLC: Radiation Therapy Alliance Inc LNE Group: Zimmer Maxim Healthcare Services, Inc.: Maxim Healthcare Services, Inc. Mehlman Castagnetti Rosen & Thomas, Inc.: Electronic Retailing Association Mercury: American Public University System Mercury: BYD Mercury: Laurate Education Inc. Mercury: Libertas Foundation, Inc. Mercury: Organik Kimya Mercury: Rewalk Robotics Morgan, Lewis & Bockius, LLP: Catalent, Inc. Nelson, Mullins, Riley & Scarborough: Bactes Imaging Solutions, LLC Nelson, Mullins, Riley & Scarborough: Karim Wade Nelson, Mullins, Riley & Scarborough: Shorelight Education Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe LLP: Semiconductor Industry Association Paul McHale: C4 Planning Solutions LLC Porter Group, LLC: LottoInteractive, Inc. Porter Group, LLC: Missouri Association of Sheltered Workshop Managers Porter Group, LLC: Seecon Financial & Construction Co., Inc. Reardon Consulting, LLC: Senior Care Pharmacy Coalition Reed Smith LLP: Second Sight Medical Products, Inc. The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: AIM North America - AIT Alliance The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Columbus State Community College The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Friends of Breakthrough Charter Schools The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: ID Integration, Inc The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Kenosha Visiting Nurse Association The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Measurement Resources The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Mexicans and Americans Thinking Together Foundation Inc. The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: Nationwide Children's Hospital The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: North America Trading Together (NATT) The Capitol Initiatives Group, LLC: The Visiting Nurse Association of Ohio The Washington Tax & Public Policy Group (formerly The Washington Tax Group): R&D Alternative Simplified Credit Coalition Van Fleet Associates: Innovative Biodefense Van Fleet Associates: Synthetic Turf Council Washington Partners, LLC: Council of Parent Attorneys and Advocates, Inc. Washington Partners, LLC: National Center For Special Education In Charter Schools Washington Partners, LLC: National Council Of Teachers Of English Wheat Government Relations: American Association of Nurse Practitioners « View Archives Authors: Theodoric Meyer tmeyer@politico.com About The Author Theodoric Meyer covers lobbying for POLITICO and writes the POLITICO Influence newsletter. He previously covered the 2016 campaign for POLITICO and worked as a reporting fellow for ProPublica in New York. He was a lead reporter on ProPublica’s “After the Flood” series on the federal government’s troubled flood insurance program, which won the Deadline Club Award for Local Reporting. He’s a graduate of McGill University and Columbia University’s Graduate School of Journalism. Most Read The nation’s cartoonists on the week in politics If Trump Fired Bannon, Would He Seek Revenge? Ex-acting CIA chief: Trump is making North Korea situation worse Can Washington’s Original Dealmaker Survive Trump? Obamacare repeal bill is the zombie GOP can’t kill — or bring back to life White House says it won't make visitor logs public N. Korean official: North Korea ready to go to war if that's what Trump wants White House showdown on Paris deal set for next week At least 36 ISIS militants killed in 'mother of all bombs' strike in Afghanistan Nikki Haley denies having presidential ambitions POLITICO Influence - POLITICO Archive Friday, 4/14/17 Thursday, 4/13/17 Wednesday, 4/12/17 Tuesday, 4/11/17 Monday, 4/10/17 View the Full POLITICO Influence Archives » Politico Magazine Just What Is Trump Trying to Do in Syria? By Daniel Benjamin and Steven Simon The Post Pours Some Sugar on Gary Cohn By Jack Shafer How Donald Trump Blew Up the Virginia Governor’s Race By Kevin Robillard The President Doesn’t Need a Trump Doctrine By Richard Fontaine More on POLITICO Core Footer - dropdown links U.S. Edition Europe Edition POLITICO Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Roger Simon On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
News Reviews Features Guides Nintendo Switch Standalone Dock Gets Release Date By Boston Blake | 13 hours ago  During its Nintendo Direct presentation this week, Nintendo announced it will begin selling standalone Nintendo Switch docks starting May 19th. The Nintendo Switch docks will be available for purchase from Nintendo’s online stores and select retailers for $90 a piece. Nintendo did not yet reveal which retailers will be receiving the standalone docks, but it shouldn’t be hard to guess that major stores like GameStop, Best Buy, Wal-Mart, and Target are likely on the shortlist. Online retailers like Amazon will also likely be included in the list of available stores. Obviously, a second or third dock isn’t necessary to play the Nintendo Switch at home, since the console-handheld hybrid device comes with a dock in the original box. However, moving the dock around the house to different TVs may become a burden for some gamers. In that case, having multiple docks will be a nice option. While the Nintendo Switch itself is a mobile gaming device, having a dock to take on vacation to hotels, or to hook up at a friend’s home without having to fiddle with the one at home will be a big selling point for many Nintendo Switch owners. Those looking to pick up a new dock can get one for $59.99, along with a separately sold AC adapter, which will be available for $29.99. We will note that the new standalone docks will be available in limited quantities. That’s not surprising considering how difficult it can be to find a Nintendo Switch. Fortunately, Nintendo is ramping up production to meet the high demand for its new flagship console. With docks selling separately, and priced reasonably, it will be interesting to see if Nintendo begins marketing the docks alone to highly-visited areas, such a hotels. If Nintendo meets its expected sales numbers over the next year or two, it certainly could become commonplace to see Nintendo Switch docks available wherever TVs are used for entertainment. Nintendo also discussed other hardware during the Nintendo Direct event, including new yellow Joy-Con controllers and battery pack set to arrive in June. The company also announced some new games for the Nintendo Switch, including Payday 2 and Minecraft. The Nintendo Switch standalone dock will be available in limited quantities on May 19, 2017. tags: Nintendo, Switch Load Comments SCROLL FOR NEXT ARTICLE Latest Features Latest News Latest Reviews Latest Videos © 2009-2017 WARP 10 LLC ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ADVERTISE
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN The Journal Record Home About Us Contact Us FAQ Reuse policy Subscriber Access Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Video Instagram News General News Real Estate Energy Health Care Capitol Law Finance Nonprofit Tribal Aerospace briefs Events Achievers Under 40 Beacon Awards Innovator of the Year Most Admired CEOs Woman of the Year Community Commentary Submit a Story Guest opinions People on the Move Marketplace Digital Edition Archives Book of Lists Special Publications Lists Reprint Service Photos New Oklahoma Incorporations Real Estate Advertise Print advertising Online advertising Classifieds Legislative Report Public Notice Subscribe Manage Account Home About Us Contact Us FAQ Reuse policy Subscriber Access Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Video Instagram News General News Real Estate Energy Health Care Capitol Law Finance Nonprofit Tribal Aerospace briefs Events Achievers Under 40 Beacon Awards Innovator of the Year Most Admired CEOs Woman of the Year Community Commentary Submit a Story Guest opinions People on the Move Marketplace Digital Edition Archives Book of Lists Special Publications Lists Reprint Service Photos New Oklahoma Incorporations Real Estate Advertise Print advertising Online advertising Classifieds Legislative Report Public Notice Home / General News / Journal Record Week in Review Journal Record Week in Review By: Journal Record Staff April 14, 2017 0 Providers: Put managed Medicaid deal on hold Health care providers have called for state officials to pump the brakes on a new Medicaid partnership. Providers aren’t calling on the governor’s office and the Oklahoma Health Care Authority to spike the oncoming program, SoonerHealth+, but to delay it. Federal rule and presidential administration changes have created what they called an incredibly uncertain atmosphere for new public-private partnerships in Medicaid. They said that in the worst-case scenario Oklahoma could lose out on about $700 million in medical funding during a revenue failure and expected budget shortfall. OKC preparing ordinances for start of streetcar system Oklahoma City officials are already laying the groundwork for streetcar ordinances and business development along the downtown route before it starts running at the end of 2018. Embark spokesman Michael Scroggins said the Oklahoma City transit authority is working with several other departments and agencies such as public works and development services to work out new permitting standards and the legal department on drafting new ordinance language. High-traffic intersection to get new retail A new shopping center is being developed at a bustling northwest Oklahoma City corner. Attorney Gary Homsey is working with architect Rick Brown on The Shoppes at Memorial Crossing. The center is at the northeast corner of W. Memorial Road and N. Western Avenue. Broker Donald Hayes is already working with tenants for the new development. Optometrists seeing red over big-box docs petition Optometrists are up in arms over a potential ballot question that would allow Oklahomans to vote on whether they can drop into the eye doctor’s office while grocery shopping or getting a tire changed. Shoppers can’t now. State law bans eye clinics from retail settings. That means big-box brands such as Wal-Mart, a proponent of the change, can’t have clinics inside their stores. Group wants public to be heard at Capitol Let’s Fix This, a local advocacy group, is pushing for legislators to change committee hearing rules to allow public comment sessions. The group’s spokesman, Andy Moore, said other states have already adopted similar measures and that opening committee hearings would encourage residents to get more involved. No laughing matter The clown business has been bad for those who enjoy putting on white face paint and funny clothes. They bounced back from the bad media from the campy-yet-villainous Joker in the Batman television series and again after King’s 1986 novel and first movie interpretation of It, which featured an evil clown that preyed on children. But last summer the winds changed sharply with reports of weapon-wielding, creepy clowns in communities across the U.S. seemingly trying to lure people into real danger. OKC rejects deannexing land to Mustang The Oklahoma City Council denied a developer’s request for the city to deannex land to Mustang. Crout Cos. has been working with Walton Management in developing the area on Mustang Road just north of the Canadian River with housing, shops, offices and recreational attractions. President Robert Crout said the large-lot, single-family residences would be built at a density requiring public water and sewer service, resources Oklahoma City does not provide in the area. Budget may force agency to cut Medicaid reimbursement rates 25 pct. The state Medicaid agency, the Oklahoma Health Care Authority, announced that officials are considering cutting reimbursement rates by up to 25 percent as a result of anticipated statewide revenue shortfalls. But even a 5-percent cut would mean providers lose money and might have to close businesses. State revenue off by 9 percent in March Oklahoma finance officials say declining revenue is forcing them to make withdrawals from several funds to make agency allocations this month and are warning state agencies that further budget cuts may be ordered. Oklahoma Secretary of Finance Preston Doerflinger released budget figures that showed collections to the state’s main operating fund in March were 9 percent below the estimate. Prosperity district bill off the table for 2017 If Oklahoma legislators vote to allow prosperity districts, it won’t be this year. State Sen. Eddie Fields, R-Wynona, moved to postpone the measure creating the districts for the year, saying it was too controversial a measure for legislators to tackle during dire budget talks. House Bill 2132 would have created special areas where any resident – individual, commercial or corporate – would face looser regulations. Startup musical festival clashes with Paseo arts fest Memorial Day weekend is not a good time to launch a new music festival, Oklahoma City resident Susan LaVictoire learned recently. At least not anywhere near the Paseo Arts District. LaVictoire’s application for a special event permit overlaps the 41st Annual Paseo Arts Festival, May 27-29. The idea did not go over well with Amanda Bleakley, executive director of the nonprofit Paseo Arts Association, and artist Collin Rosebrook, board member of the related merchants’ group. City Councilman Ed Shadid asked that the item be deferred for two weeks while they discuss the matter. OU scientist strikes deal with major investor William Hildebrand said he wants his research to help create cancer treatments that don’t bring the collateral damage some drugs inflict. The microbiologist at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences Center examines the body’s immune system to more precisely find the harmful cells. He now has a major pharmaceutical company to put money behind his venture. Hildebrand’s startup, Pure MHC, signed a deal with AbbVie Inc. in December. OUHSC announced the partnership Wednesday. Legislature considers a more compassionate parole board A proposed law would diversify the Pardon and Parole Board. Oklahoma officials want to get the state’s prison population down, and one lawmaker has pushed doing so by getting more social work experts on the board. If House Bill 2286 by state Rep. Terry O’Donnell passes, at least two members of the board will have to have at least five years of experience in mental health, substance abuse or social work. Developer’s risk paying off in Enid When Vector Cos. President Brenda Dill read about Enid’s need for multifamily housing, she saw an opportunity. In 2013, a housing study by CDS Market Research concluded the area needed 400 more rental units. Two years later, Vector broke ground on the 200-unit Esplanade at Stonebridge apartment complex. The complex’s first housing building opened in June 2016. The complex is nearly 70 percent occupied now, and Dill expects occupancy to increase to 95 percent by August. Share this: Email Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google Week in Review 12:55 pm Fri, April 14, 2017 Journal Record Staff Tagged with: Week in Review Related Articles Evolving paid-leave policy provides more employee options April 14, 2017 The iPhone of cars? Apple enters self-driving car race April 14, 2017 $19.8 billion airwaves auction may mean better cell service April 14, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Wind farm developer sues town over ordinance by Sarah Terry-Cobo Legislature considers a more compassionate parole board by Catherine Sweeney Ad valorem tax proposal gone for now by Catherine Sweeney Rights advocates: Controversial email signals need for culture shift by Sarah Terry-Cobo Norman Music Festival grows to 350 bands in 10th year by Molly M. Fleming Special Reports Company left Hugo with unsafe water Poor construction at Moore schools Human Trafficking: The bonds that bind them Briefs Pulitzer Prize winner Friedman to speak at OCCC April 14, 2017 Health Care Innovation Summit set April 14, 2017 J.C. Penney delays closing of 138 stores by several weeks April 14, 2017 Boren elected to Academy of Arts, Sciences April 14, 2017 Choctaw Nation opens new center April 14, 2017 Jurors expected to hear audio from police shooting April 14, 2017 Wal-Mart opens 100th training center April 14, 2017 Cox to provide free museum admission to Memorial Museum April 14, 2017 OSU selected as host for Mandela Washington Fellowship April 14, 2017 SWOSU conducting improvement survey April 14, 2017 National News Email Alerts Enter Your Email Address: Daily Email Update Event Notification Top Posts & Pages Hamilton: A slow execution for public education Ad valorem tax proposal gone for now Free Market Friday: Questionable borrowing Developer's risk paying off in Enid OU scientist strikes deal with major investor Featured Opinion Morgan: Clearing the air on cigarette taxThe cigarette tax is a good business decision. Daily Cartoon April 17, 2017 April 14, 2017 People on the Move Rupe Helmer adds to staff April 12, 2017 OU names associate dean of research April 12, 2017 Wallace Engineering names president, CEO April 12, 2017 McLarens names chief operating officer April 10, 2017 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Pulitzer Prize winner Friedman to speak at OCCC April 17, 2017 Health Care Innovation Summit set J.C. Penney delays closing of 138 stores by several weeks Boren elected to Academy of Arts, Sciences Journal Record ABOUT CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS DOLAN BUSINESS BOOKS LAWYERS WEEKLY BOOKS Copyright © 2017 The Journal Record | 101 N. Robinson Ave, Ste. 101, Oklahoma City, OK 73102 | (405)235-3100 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/14/2017 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether The Caymans: Reputation, Rhetoric, and Reality - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/14/17 - 04/14/2017 - Lambert Strether Big US Banks Make Laughable Excuses for Preserving Failed Universal Bank Model - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith How the Greediest Charter School Operators Loot Taxpayers Via Real Estate Deals - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith Corruption at CalPERS: General Counsel Matt Jacobs as Exemplar of Culture of Casual Lying - 04/14/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/13/2017 - 04/13/2017 - Lambert Strether The Failure of Austerity in the Great Recession - 04/13/2017 - Yves Smith Links 4/13/17 - 04/13/2017 - Lambert Strether 2:00PM Water Cooler 4/14/2017 Posted on April 14, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Politics Trump Transition “Does Steve Bannon Have Something to Offer?” [Peggy Noonan, Wall Street Journal]. Nooners returns to Bannon’s 2014 talk (linked to at NC here). Cutting freely: “The West is currently facing a ‘crisis of capitalism,’ he said. The world was able to recover after the world wars in part thanks to ‘an enlightened form of capitalism’ that generated ‘tremendous wealth’ broadly distributed among all classes…. Capitalists, he said, now must ask: “What is the purpose of whatever I’m doing with this wealth? What is the purpose of what I’m doing with the ability that God has given us . . . to actually be a creator of jobs and a creator of wealth?… Policy changes accompanying Mr. Bannon’s diminishment this week included the president’s speaking approvingly of the Export-Import Bank and NATO, declaring that China isn’t a currency manipulator after all, suggesting the dollar may be too strong, and hitting Syria and Afghanistan. None of that sounds like Candidate Trump. It is possible what we are seeing is simply the rise of a more moderate or conciliatory or establishment Trump White House. But it also looks like the rise of the Wall Street Mr. Bannon painted as tending to see people as commodities.” (And before we go down the racism route, it’s especially noteworthy that most of the bodies blown to pink mist in the wars supported so vigorously by the political class and both party establishments were brown, many of them were wearing hijabs at the time, and plenty of them were “babies.”) 2017 MT: “Quist Campaign Fundraising Tops $1.3 Million” [Montana NPR]. “His campaign says he raised nearly a million dollars in March alone, via more than 22,000 individual contributions, with an average donation of $40 each. There’s no evidence that the national Democratic party is spending on Quist’s behalf, but groups affiliated with Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders are backing him.” MT: “Democrat Rob Quist, a musician and songwriter from Creston, has a negative net worth, according to his financial disclosure form, and reported just shy of $29,000 of personal income last year — including about $15,000 in Social Security payments. Quist is 69 years old” [KRTV]. “Republican Greg Gianforte, 55, … reported 2016 income ranging from $2.3 million to $15.7 million – and assets valued between $65 million and $315 million.” You’d think the national Democrats would have recruited Gianforte… MT: “It’s interesting to watch commercials slamming Rob Quist saying he is unfit to be a representative due to financial problems dating back several years. His response; it stemmed from medical bills. My response is, “But for the grace of God so go I'” [Letter to the Editor, Bozeman Daily Chronicle]. MT: “Bernie Sanders Says He’s Willing To Campaign For Montana Populist Rob Quist” [HuffPo]. Get a motel room, camp out there for a month? MT: “Donald Trump Jr. will join Republican congressional candidate Greg Gianforte at rallies in Kalispell, Hamilton, Billings and Bozeman next Friday and Saturday. The campaign did not give exact locations for the rallies, which won’t be free, but they think Trump Jr. will be able to help gin up support for Gianforte” [Bozeman Daily Chronicle]. MT: “Rob Quist, the Democratic candidate for Montana’s at-large seat, has been getting the same silent treatment Thompson got” [Slate]. Now, to be fair, the Slate writer believes that it’s the DCCC’s job to be “realistic” about where to spend their money. But when Ossoff has a war chest of $8.3 million, much of it from California, and the DCCC can’t stump up $20K for a mailer for Thompson, it looks like they don’t care enough to fake it. “‘We have to all acknowledge that those seats are held by Republicans and they’ve been held by Republicans for quite some time,’ Rep. Denny Heck, the DCCC’s recruitment chair, said during February’s House Democrat retreat regarding its involvement in a series of four spring special elections.” Show me a good loser, and I’ll show you a loser, as Vince Lombardi said. GA-06: “The Re­pub­lic­an field has be­come in­creas­ingly frac­tured and con­ten­tious, while Os­soff quickly con­sol­id­ated sup­port from Demo­crats around the coun­try and in Geor­gia, win­ning en­dorse­ments from would-be rivals and in­vest­ments from ma­jor out­side groups” [National Journal]. “Voters in­tent on sup­port­ing a Re­pub­lic­an will have 11 to choose from… [Os­soff] has led every re­cent pub­lic poll of the race, though he is still be­low 50 per­cent.” (Unless Ossoff wins 50%, he’s forced into a run-off.) Speculating freely, a Republican “loss” here could rebound to their benefit long-term, since Ossoff is faithfully replicating the Clintonite strategy; which the Republicans have already beaten once. KS-04: “Whether it was the troubles of Trump, Brownback or a combination of the two—or just the usual pattern of special elections—Republican turnout plummeted on Tuesday. Based on the unofficial results, Estes suffered a 62 percent drop in votes compared to the Republican candidate in 2016, while Thompson’s Democratic decline was only 32 percent” [Politico]. If Republican turnout plummeted because of the Republican health care debacle, or Trump’s flip-flop toward hawkishness, some percentage of those voters could surely have been picked up by a Sanders Democrat (with a little more money). “Perez and Sanders will travel to states their party lost beginning on April 17 until April 22. The tour aims to make amends with Democratic voters who felt neglected during the 2016 presidential election” [Salon]. “Felt neglected.” Oh, it’s all about f-e-e-e-lings…. “‘We’ll be traveling — and Tom will be traveling with me — to traditionally conservative states,’ Sanders told the Washington Post. ‘It’s absolutely absurd that the Democratic Party has turned its back on working people in literally half the country.'” Absurd it may be, but that’s what the Democrats’ base in the professional classes wants, as Thomas Frank points out (yet again) this morning. I don’t see how this circle gets squared without a thorough housecleaning, which Perez was installed to prevent. We’ll see what the reception is. “Dems can’t win Trump’s base in 2018, but they’ll try to demoralize it” [CNN]. “American Bridge, a Democratic super PAC, will launch a series of web ads aimed at Trump supporters who are likely to be angered by his recent flip-flops, a spokesman for the groups told CNN… The goal is not necessarily to turn Trump voters into Democrats, since that isn’t likely to happen. But by demoralizing Trump’s base of supporters, Democrats are hopeful they can capitalize on excitement in their base to sweep many Republicans out of power in the House and Senate.” Sure. It’s certainly more cost-effective to hold down turnout rather than win voters over with humane policies like #MedicareForAll, widely supported by voters in both parties. “Sen. Jeff Flake weathers brutal, 2 1/2-hour Mesa town hall” [Arizona Republic]. “U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake endured a brutal face-to-face confrontation with angry constituents Thursday as liberal voters dominated a standing-room-only audience at a town-hall meeting in downtown Mesa.” Will this change a single vote? Why? Wouldn’t Flake see these voters as, well, “irredeemable”? Realignment and Legitimacy “The March on Everywhere” [Harpers]. This is important, a must-read (though it’s long; at least try for a good sample). I would like very much to know what readers think of this. It’s an excellent report from the ground, and those are few and far between. I have views, unsurprisingly, but I’d like to hear yours first. “The coming constitutional convention train-wreck redux” [Alice Marshall, Medium]. “It is not enough to make policy changes, if it were the New Deal would still be intact and even improved upon. Instead it is hanging on by a thread. So what would constitutional protections against finance capitalism look like? You would have to know more about economics, Wall Street, and constitutional law than I do to know how to devise such protections, but clearly that is what is needed.” Stats Watch Banks Open, Markets Closed. Consumer Price Index, March 2017: “Yesterday’s producer price report set up the disappointment for today’s report on consumer prices where the headline fell a very sharp and unexpected 0.3 percent in March. The core rate (less food & energy) fell 0.1 percent which is also unexpected” [Econoday]. “A special negative in the March report is communications which fell a very steep 3.5 percent and reflects cell phone plans which subtracted 1 tenth from both the headline rate and core. Yet other categories are also weak including apparel, down 0.7 percent, and transportation where prices, due to weakness for vehicles, fell 1.4 percent. Housing and medical, two centers of price traction, managed only 0.1 percent gains. … The lack of price traction ultimately points to softness in overall demand for consumer goods and services. And though demand in the labor market is very strong, wage improvement has been only marginal. A report like this points to the need for steady monetary stimulus and will push back expectations for Federal Reserve rate hikes.” So “consumers” aren’t going shopping because “workers” are facing flat wages, and so the answer is… monetary stimulus. Not sure I’m following this. And: “Most elements of the CPI moderated this month lead by the energy sector” [Econintersect]. Retail Sales, March 2017: “First-quarter consumer spending is in trouble. Retail sales fell 0.2 percent in March which is under the Econoday consensus for no change. Importantly, February sales are revised sharply lower, to minus 0.3 percent vs an initial gain of 0.1 percent” [Economy]. “When excluding both vehicles and gasoline, sales could only manage — despite sky high consumer confidence — a second straight 0.1 percent increase… [T]wo special areas of weakness are restaurants which fell 0.6 percent for a second straight decline and building materials which fell 1.5 percent.” Yet again, the surveys say one thing, and the real data says another. Hard to see how Trump’s promises on jobs are going to come true at this rate. And: “Economic growth likely slowed in the first quarter, a period normally associated with tepid increases in GDP” [Economic Calendar]. And: “The decrease in March was below expectations, and sales for February were revised down. A weak report” [Calculated Risk]. Then again: “[T]he three month rolling averages of the unadjusted data improved” [Econintersect]. “Retail sales per capita seems to be in a long term downtrend (but short term trends appear to be growing.” Business Inventories, February 2017: “Business inventories came in as expected in February, rising 0.3 percent for a second month in a build that will help support first-quarter GDP estimates” [Econoday]. “[T]he inventory-to-sales ratio which is unchanged at 1.35.” And but: “Our primary monitoring tool – the 3 month rolling averages for sales – declined but remain in expansion” [Business Insider]. Retail: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) said on Tuesday it is eliminating more U.S. corporate jobs this month” [Reuters]. “Wal-Mart’s job cuts started in 2016 when the retailer said it was eliminating 7,000 back-office positions and moving more of its workforce to the sales floor. Earlier this year, Wal-Mart cut more than a 1,000 corporate positions, mostly in its human resources department.” Commodities: “British scientists find sub-sea minerals treasure trove” [Mining.com]. “A British team of scientists has discovered an underwater deposit of diverse minerals in the Atlantic, about 500km off the Canary Islands, which contains vast amounts of tellurium, used in the making of solar panels, wind turbines and electronics… The finding, part of a broader research project called MarineE-tech, is significant as the deposit is estimated to hold 2,670 tonnes of tellurium or 5% of the global reserves.” Commodities: “The latest report by the International Copper Study Group which includes full year 2016 estimates shows world mine copper production jumped by 5.3%, or 1 million tonnes last year to 20.16 million tonnes” [Mining.com]. Shipping: “LA area Port Traffic increased in March” [Calculated Risk]. “Container traffic gives us an idea about the volume of goods being exported and imported – and usually some hints about the trade report since LA area ports handle about 40% of the nation’s container port traffic…. On a rolling 12 month basis, inbound traffic was up 1.6% compared to the rolling 12 months ending in February. Outbound traffic was up 0.8% compared to 12 months ending in February.” Shipping: “The art of handling a freight tender” [Shipping and Freight Resource]. “Imagine a MNC (Multi-National Company) who have multiple brands to be exported from their 20 odd group companies to around 200 countries globally where they are present…. Or imagine you are one of the lucky service providers invited to bid or tender for this business.. Visualise the dynamics involved in coordinating the movement of these containers across the 20 operating companies into 200 countries for these thousands of containers.” It’s a combinatorial explosion. It’s gonna take some real software engineering to automate this. Or, failing algorithmic solutions, social engineering. Shipping: “The Isle of Man has shot up the rankings in recent years and is now the 12th largest register in the world, and among the fastest growing” [Splash 247]. “The Isle of Man is a British register and flies the Red Ensign, but it is not recognised as an EU Flag.” The Bezzle: “At SolarCity [acquired by Elon Musk last November], crews are provided with ‘panel pay,’ a bonus system that incentivizes speed by paying installers for every panel they install if that rate is higher than their hourly wage. According to [SolarCity worker George] Estrada, the rapid pace led to leaky roofs when holes drilled to secure the panels weren’t properly sealed, requiring return visits after customers complained” [Capital and Main]. “SolarCity, which is based in San Mateo, built its name on a zero-down financing model that leveraged investor dollars and federal tax credits to finance a rapid expansion that has yet to produce positive returns.” Swell. I’ve also done piecework, back in the day. It’s not a recipe for quality. The Bezzle: “Apple obtains permission to test driverless cars” [MarketWatch]. Public Relations: “10 notable quotes from United passenger’s lawyer — and what they really mean” [MarketWatch]. Fun stuff! Political Risk: “”Right now United should be focusing more on how to address the social media storm swirling around its brand,” Marzilli said. “The brand has not been moving at social media speed to catch up and get ahead of the crisis. This may be indicative of a breaking point with the public resenting their treatment by large corporations” [MarketWatch]. The Arab Spring started when a single street vendor immolated himself, having been harassed over a permit. The Fed: “Disappointments on both inflation and retail sales for March might give reason for Federal Reserve officials to think twice about their plan to ratchet up rates as many as three more times this year” [MarketWatch]. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 25 Fear (previous close: 28, Fear) [CNN]. One week ago: 43 (Fear). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated Apr 13 at 4:37pm. Our Famously Free Press Interview with n+1 publisher: “I told him I was thinking of starting a literary magazine, and he was like, ‘well that’s a bad idea, what could possibly possess you to do that?’ And I said, ‘I really have things I’d like to say and things I’ve written that can’t be published elsewhere. And my friends, the same situation. I want to publish myself and them.’ And he said, surprised, ‘Oh, that’s the only good reason to start a literary journal” [The White Review]. Black Injustice Tipping Point “Threats cast at contractors, workers linked to Confederate monument removals, New Orleans official says” [New Orleans Advocate]. I remember taking the Jeff Davis Highway to and from work, when I was in DC. The sensation was… odd. Guillotine Watch “Le Cinq, Paris: restaurant review” [Guardian]. An amuse-bouche: “It’s bizarre. Not that the older gentlemen with their nieces on the few other occupied tables seem to care. The restaurant is never more than half full. Pictures of plates are snapped. Mind you I also take pictures, but mine are shot in the manner of a scene of crime officer working methodically.” I have a very vague memory of a movie (Bunuel?) in which diners were served excrement, and forced — whether through raw fear or social pressure — to exclaim how much they enjoyed it. Perhaps this is all a massive and profitable jape by the chef? Épater la bourgeoisie…. Except they aren’t…. Class Warfare “Cities Where You Don’t Want to Get Sick” [247 Wall Street]. “It is likely no coincidence that all of the worst metropolitan areas in which to get sick are also among the nation’s poorer areas. The median household incomes in all of these areas do not exceed the national median of $53,657 a year. Of the 10 cities, only the Altoona, Pennsylvania area has a poverty rate lower than the national poverty rate of 15.6%.” Class warfare is not a metaphor… “Drivers of Declining Labor Share of Income” [IMF Blog]. “[A]though technological advancement and global economic integration have been key drivers of global prosperity, their effects on labor shares challenge policymakers to find ways to spread those benefits more broadly. The design of specific policy responses, of course, will have to depend on country circumstances and be anchored in their social contracts.” “Challenge policymakers.” Assuming good faith, noblesse oblige, etc., etc. “Tax Cuts for the Rich Aren’t an Economic Panacea — and Could Hurt Growth” [Center on Budget and Policy Priorities]. “In reality, tax cuts — particularly for high-income people — are an ineffective way to spur economic growth, and they’re likely to harm the economy if they add to the deficit or are paired with cuts to investments that support the economy and working families.” A worthy effort, and full of good talking points. That said, “working families” makes my back teeth itch. It’s a liberal tell, because (a) some consultant’s focus group report told them to use their family-friendly words, and (b) it’s a circumlocution for “workers” or “working class.” (For example, do working class singles count? Orphans?) News of the Wired “File This Under Nostalgia: New Book Pays Tribute To The Library Card Catalog” [NPR]. “How To Win Friends – The Malamud Strategy” [Another Word for It]. Defeating efforts to privatize access to the law. * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (KR): Another from KR’s backyard: Bugle (?) in the middle ground, with grass and then the dappled sunlight of the woods… * * * Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism fundraiser just past. Now, I understand you may feel tapped out, but when and if you are able, please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00300 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on April 14, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← The Caymans: Reputation, Rhetoric, and Reality Subscribe to Post Comments 116 comments Hana M April 14, 2017 at 2:18 pm On today’s antidote. Yes, that’s definitely Bugle aka Ajuga reptans. Just lovely this time of year! .I really like some of the varieties with bronze leaves for three-season interest. Reply ↓ Schwarmageddon April 14, 2017 at 2:28 pm Lupines Reply ↓ Stormcrow April 14, 2017 at 2:29 pm This situation bears watching: North Korea Warns of ‘Thermonuclear War’ After Trump Threatens Strike https://www.commondreams.org/news/2017/04/14/north-korea-warns-thermonuclear-war-after-trump-threatens-strike Moon of Alabama has a very interesting background piece: Why North Korea Needs Nukes – And How To End That http://www.moonofalabama.org/2017/04/the-reason-behind-north-koreas-nuclear-program-and-its-offer-to-end-it.html Reply ↓ Bill Smith April 14, 2017 at 3:57 pm from “Why North Korea Needs Nukes – And How To End That” “The country would reunite if China and the U.S. (and Russia) could agree upon its neutrality.” Yeah,…. no. The South Korean’s aren’t going to pay the cost of reuniting with the North. And the North Korean government only wants to reunite if the resulting country is run by them. Will the North Korean’s end their annual military maneuvers? Reply ↓ Byron the Light Bulb April 14, 2017 at 4:37 pm Korean leadership is hard to understand. For example, the relationship between King Yeongjo and his son, Crown Prince Sado illustrates what type of authority Korean people expect from their leaders. When Prince Sado went funny in the head and started killing the palace help, King Yeongjo was faced with a dilemma.The king had to lay down the law while being careful not to dishonor a divine being, his son being infallible royalty. So King Yeongjo locked Prince Sado in a four foot rice barrel until nature took its course, killing Sado by dehydration. Then King Yeongjo declared himself the son of Prince Sado and kept on ruling as is the will of the divine. King Yeongjo became more popular than ever, and is historically thought of as an enlightened ruler. Reply ↓ J Bank April 14, 2017 at 2:29 pm SolarCity, which is based in San Mateo, built its name on a zero-down financing model that leveraged investor dollars and federal tax credits to finance a rapid expansion that has yet to produce positive returns. Hmm, sounds like a car company I’ve been reading about. I wonder if their management has anything in common. Reply ↓ dcblogger April 14, 2017 at 2:33 pm ““Sen. Jeff Flake weathers brutal, 2 1/2-hour Mesa town hall” [Arizona Republic]. “U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake endured a brutal face-to-face confrontation with angry constituents Thursday as liberal voters dominated a standing-room-only audience at a town-hall meeting in downtown Mesa.” Will this change a single vote? Why? Wouldn’t Flake see these voters as, well, “irredeemable”?” these ferocious town halls, and the Real News Network has a montage of them, are very effective. Human beings are social creatures. It encourages Democrats and discourages Republicans. Above all it will affect how Republican members are congress vote. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 7:59 pm Will they try to understand what these irredeemable town hall attendees want? And then vote the opposite way . . . to “teach them a lesson”? Reply ↓ dcblogger April 14, 2017 at 2:35 pm Montana Reddit reacts to proposed Donald Trump Jr visit, does not look good for Republicans https://www.reddit.com/r/Montana/comments/6566t7/donald_trump_jr_coming_to_montana_to_stump_for/ Reply ↓ diptherio April 14, 2017 at 2:51 pm Unfortunately for Gianforte, he’s a techy billionaire who couldn’t even ride Trump’s coattails to victory in the gubernatorial election. Now that Trump has pissed off a majority of his voters by acting like a typical Washington politico, he’s really got nothing going for him in this state. Quist, on the other hand, has a way with folksy wisdom that appeals to everybody: “Money is like bull***t, if you pile it all up in one place it starts to stink, but if you spread it around, it makes everything grow.” Put your money on the musician, even if the national Dems won’t give him the time of day. However, Quist is far from perfect as a candidate. He’s got his share of skeletons, although I don’t know how much they’ll sway anybody, given that being “sued by a bank” is sure to earn brownie points with plenty of people. Flathead County court and property records indicate the popular musician turned politician has been turned over to collections; sued by a bank after not repaying a loan; and accused of fraud and deceit by a former member of Mission Mountain Wood Band, the group that vaulted Quist to Montana stardom in the 1970s. Financial records filed with the U.S. House also show that Quist has reported drawing a salary from his campaign, a practice that isn’t illegal but also not typical. Quist won the Democratic Party’s nomination for U.S House on March 5, defeating seven other candidates in a nominating convention. helenair.com/news/politics/quist-has–year-debt-trail-records-show/article_8bda122c-6740-5d35-a766-af18a21e88c9.html Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 3:06 pm Thanks for the link to the article. Quist has reported drawing a salary from his campaign, a practice that isn’t illegal but also not typical. It’s atypical because most Democrats or Republicans who run for Congress are wealthy. From the article: Quist attributed the debt trail Friday to 20 years of sporadic illness brought on by a gallbladder operation gone bad in 1996. The candidate said a surgeon accidentally cut his bile duct, a tube that delivers bile from the liver to the small intestine. The duct had to be repaired, and Quist has been infection-prone ever since. He said a legal settlement with the Kalispell surgeon prevents him from discussing the botched operation in further detail. Quist said his debt problems, which are multiple, are bound to his poor health. The oldest case involves Kraig Trippel, a Kalispell excavator who did $5,960 worth of work for Rob and Bonni Quist in the spring of 2001 but had to file a lien for payment after most of the bill went unpaid. The date of the work is important because it’s 10 years before the health episode Quist said kept him from paying his property taxes earlier this decade. That tax debt crept to nearly $15,000 before the Department of Revenue filed liens for three years of unpaid taxes on Quist’s 20-acre ranch. I’m confused. The botched gall bladder operation was in 1996, the home repair work was in 2001, yet the article says “The date of the work is important because it’s 10 years before the health episode”. Perhaps Mr. Quist has had more than one serious health episode, but most people would consider 1996 to be prior to 2001. Reply ↓ montanamaven April 14, 2017 at 5:52 pm The Green Party Candidate, Thomas Breck, lost the case to be put on the ballot for the special election. He and two other independent candidates did win a verdict from the judge on April 8 to reduce the # of signatures needed from 14,278 to 400 since they only had 5 days from march 1 to march 6 to gather them. But the date when the signatures were due was still March 6. So Breck only had 15 signatures at that time. Green Party in Montana Breck has a compelling story. “For 20 years I was a carpenter, and I became a displaced worker and went back to school,” Breck began. “Then, this last November, I went to Standing Rock and what I saw there appalled me and motivated me to become involved in a way that I never had before. I became a Bernie (Sanders) delegate and saw the Democratic convention be rigged before my eyes, and saw that the Millennials and the people with the most at stake as far as the future goes were being marginalized.” Thomas Breck Interview And so we are left with Gianforte, Quist, and Libertarian Mark Wicks. Oh and here is a nice little tidbit I found from an interview with Breck who was formerly a Democrat. “At the Democratic State convention, when Amanda Curtiss did not get the nomination I had more than half a dozen people call me and tell me ‘I’m in on your campaign’ and the only thing they were waiting for was whether or not they were going to let the progressive have the nomination or going to prop up a quasi-celebrity instead,” Thomas Breck. Read More: MT Green Party Candidate Has Big Legal Hurdles to Cross, Says State Democrats Hinder as Well | http://newstalkkgvo.com/mt-green-party-candidate-has-big-legal-and-democratic-party-hurdles-to-cross/?trackback=tsmclip People like to say that politics is messy. Messy is to soft a term for swimming in a cesspool. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:02 pm Someone should study what the Clintonites do. Meanwhile, the Democratic candidate cannot afford to leasurely study the Clintonites. He should assume the Clintonites will try to undermine, oppose, sabotage and destroy his campaign every way possible in order to get the RepubliClintonite elected. Hopefully the Democratic candidate can attract so much Bitter Berner money and support that he ( and they) can crush and smash the interfering Clintonites as they try to defeat the Democratic candidate in this race. Reply ↓ Fiery Hunt April 14, 2017 at 2:38 pm So evidently, the theater general called for the MOAB use without imput from Trump. http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/04/14/moab-drop-ordered-by-us-general-trump-approval-not-needed-officials-say.html So did Gen. John Nicholson choose to send a message to North Korea on his own?!? Or did he not care one way or the other about the rest of the world’s reaction to the munition’s use?!? Is this a good thing i.e. focus on the battle at hand…or is this dogs of war slipping their leash? And yeah, I know it’s Fox but still… Reply ↓ J Bank April 14, 2017 at 2:50 pm Well when your cabinet is 4/5ths empty, how can you be on top of every little thing? It looks like Trump is changing his platform so that he can recruit some good people to fill these positions finally. Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 3:10 pm I think the Agriculture and Labor positions are the only empty slots remaining in his cabinet. Perhaps you are referring to vacancies in the deputy and under secretary positions of the executive branch departments. Reply ↓ J Bank April 14, 2017 at 4:01 pm Take a read, he’s operating with less than half of Obama was working with at this point in his term. He needs to fill positions if he’s going to be successful, and he needs to have a brand that good people will attach themselves to. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/04/donald-trump-white-house-staff-vacancies-237081 Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 5:47 pm I know, he has a lot of vacant positions at secondary levels, but you said that the cabinet is 4/5 empty. Of the 15 cabinet positions, 13 have been filled. There are 7 or 8 other cabinet level positions, and only 1 (the Trade Representative) is vacant. But yes, there are plenty of vacancies below the cabinet level, and that clearly indicates that something is wrong. Reply ↓ Gary April 14, 2017 at 2:55 pm At least it wasn’t Ivanka this time. Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 14, 2017 at 3:10 pm Well Guess what? Trump wants your input on what agency to eliminate. Lets all vote for all the spooks and the MIC. Reorganizing the Executive Branch: We Need Your Input! Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 3:21 pm I couldn’t find the National Reconnaissance Office or the National Security Agency on the lists. Reply ↓ Propertius April 14, 2017 at 4:02 pm Unlike CIA, they’re both a part of DoD. Eliminate that and you’ve taken care of them *and* the F-35. ;-) Reply ↓ UserFriendly April 14, 2017 at 4:19 pm The only part of the MIC I didn’t ditch was the coast guard…. The mental image of John McCain and Lindsey Graham trying to start a war with a tug boat made me laugh. But in the second bit I did get rid of the executive office of the president: the white house. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 14, 2017 at 4:56 pm Ditto. Except ones, I missed. I forgot about the DEA. Reply ↓ DH April 14, 2017 at 3:34 pm Way over-hyped in the media. The media would be quiet if five B-52s flew over and dropped bombs on the tunnels but using a new toy with a cool nickname ……. Reply ↓ Edward E April 15, 2017 at 1:23 am The MOAB did remind me of all the women in Trump’s life, you know, the super flashy bombshells that ultimately never really do that much. Reply ↓ bob April 15, 2017 at 1:34 am The Biggest Bang Ever® Reply ↓ a different chris April 14, 2017 at 2:45 pm >This is important, a must-read Warning, by the end of pg 2 you will want to hang yourself after reading about what her mother had done with her life. I now am sure I just wasted mine! Reply ↓ shinola April 14, 2017 at 4:06 pm I read the whole thing & I agree – wasted time. Underwhelming. I think “meh” probably best describes my opinion of the piece. In my very first election as a newly minted voter, I voted for McGovern with no expectation of him winning – I did expect him to make a better showing. I find it hard to believe that anyone who was paying attention would really think he had a chance, much less be brought to tears over the outcome. But then I’m a male WASP. What do I know? Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:06 pm Were you prepared for the near-unanimity of Democratic Inner Party support for Nixon against McGovern? Is there any reason you should have been? For that matter, was McGovern himself ready for it? Was there any reason he should have been? But now we know. It is one of history’s lessons. Any Real Democrat should know what to expect from the Clintobamacrat Party of today. Reply ↓ reslez April 14, 2017 at 4:40 pm “The March on Everywhere”, a March About Nothing. So many photos of “clever” and “witty” protester signs that ridicule Trump’s personal appearance. You really had nothing better to say? Nothing about actual meaningful economic issues that might make a few people in the 1% uncomfortable? No? What a surprise. Let’s all celebrate our snark because we, personally, are comfortable… and alienate anyone who might have voted for Trump out of desperation. A few more signs about a living wage or Medicare For All and people watching at home, who oppose you, might have perked up a bit. But I guess you don’t want their support. The article was full of identity idiocy, people taught to classify themselves along identitarian lines and feel sad about it despite securing comfortable spots among the elite, while ignoring the greater things that bring every group together: getting family blogged by the rich! Day after day, unions are crushed, people struggle to survive, the rich take more and more. What a waste of time. These sad people are so ineffectual and hardly seem aware of it. This is our Left! Carefully pruned, lacking teeth and thorns, mouthing generic “resistance”. If any change comes to this country it will come from the Right. And if you value women’s rights, that’s something to rue. Reply ↓ Ernesto Lyon April 14, 2017 at 5:41 pm People who analyze the world on race/gender/sexuality without first looking at economic discrimination are either idiots or conspirators. The net outcome of all discrimination is economic deprivation. All the identity -isms play out in the economic crippling of the discriminated class. Privilege isn’t about whiteness, maleness, or heterosexuality, it’s about money. The Obamas, for example, are much more similar to privileged whites than they are to poor black families or poor white families for that matter. They may face some racial exclusion, in theory, at the upper layers of society, but given their wealth and connections their blackness is a relatively minor discriminatory burden for them directly. In terms of suffering, poor whites in economically barren locales have it much worse, so how is it fair to give the Obama’s the additional sympathy and not the impoverished white family being eaten alive by a broken economy? Why do wealthy gays and trans people deserve equal sympathy to poor gays and trans people? To ignore economic class when economic class is the real privilege token is intellectually bankrupt. Reply ↓ MoiAussie April 15, 2017 at 2:26 am What you said, it’s all about class. At the risk of being boring I’ll repost a link which is quite germaine. Despite the victory of the left candidate Moreno over his billionaire opponent in Ecuador, a former Correa adviser has this perspective on the result: The Political Left in Ecuador No Longer Exists. After some detail about the election process, it makes some totally US-relevant points about “progressives” no longer being progressive. I think Lenín Moreno is a man with a more tolerant mood, and he has expressed, during his electoral campaign, the will to dialogue with sectors that are critical of officialism. In that sense I think it’s possible that he will govern conflicts with the existing dissident politics of the social movements in a different way. Having said that, with respect to advancing toward a model of development that is not damaging to the environment, that decriminalizes abortion, that transcends a model of society marked by its patriarchal character, that understands that the capitalist mode of production and reproduction can be replaced by another model that is not so harmful to society, and many other things that must configure any program clearly of the Left — we’ll have to see. […] There is therefore a mismatch, which has become more evident over the years, between what progressivism is today and the inalienable values articulated in the history of social struggles led by the Left. It is enough to highlight how progressivism lacks any sense of class in the current moment, how it has forgotten debates linked to private property, over who controls the means of production, or how it has forgotten all references to real nationalization of the strategic sectors, or of the sectors that would develop its capacity to intervene in the public interest, among many other things that form part of the historical legacy and values of the Left. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 6:05 pm That’s not my left. That’s nobody’s left. That’s just liberalism, working as designed. It is the job of those of us on the actual left to help people mentally imprisoned by identity politics and the deceit and propaganda of the Democratic elite to free them from their mental chains, so they can work with us to free us all from our economic and corporate chains. Like that poor taxi driver currently arguing in the United debacle comments section that only children fight back against corporate theft and state violence. He’s being infuriating, but I also feel very sorry for him. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:12 pm I think I remember another commenter talking about the “pussies” with their “cell phones taking pictures” who said we should all learn to accept this violence. I remember replying to him that I sincerely hope he suffers every bit of the violence he wants the rest of us to get used to. But his comment ( and my reply) seem to have been deleted. So if he is out there somewhere reading this, let me renew my sincere hope that he suffers every bit of the violence he wants the rest of us to learn to expect. And I sincerely hope that all the witnesses to it somehow magically know who he is and refuse to take a picture, or testify, or anything else on his behalf. Let him live out the meaning of his own creed. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:08 pm Well . . . many of the left with teeth and thorns were jailed, silenced, assassinated, etc. over the decades, were they not? So a process of Darwinian selection has left us with the Left we are left with today. Since so much of the “firm” left and the “hard” left merely exist to show the rest of us what brilliant intellectuals they are, I hope that some other group emerges with some other name for itself. Something like New Deal Reactionaries or New Deal Revivalists or Social Populists or something. Anything. Many things all giving themselves a try. Reply ↓ craazyboy April 14, 2017 at 9:42 pm But ya gotta admit the hats were funny! Reply ↓ curlydan April 14, 2017 at 4:54 pm I made it through all 14 or 15 page clicks but not without some skimming. Basically, it was a LONG description of the post-inaugural march, the variety of people there, and the good feelings emanating from the march. But that’s pretty much what all marches are like, large and small. I felt pretty similar in the few marches I’ve been in. Post-march, I’m glad people are giving Republicans hell in town halls but discouraged when 99% of the population buys the Syrian bombing or MOAB bomb stories hook, line, and sinker. Reply ↓ jawbone April 14, 2017 at 5:59 pm There’s that detailed take down of the WH’s defense of the Trump administration’s take that the sarin attack was done by the Syrian government. By Prof. Theodore Postol. http://www.globalresearch.ca/assessment-of-white-house-intelligence-report-about-nerve-agent-attack-in-khan-shaykhun-syria/5584867 He even goes over how the August 2013 Obama WH f’d up their defense of saying the Syrian government did that sarin attack. Maybe every senator and rep should be sent this assessment. ASAP. Toss in Congress Critters who you think might not be getting it/ Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 14, 2017 at 6:21 pm Every senator and every rep wants to investigate Russia and Trump campaign. Now that we are gung ho on Syria, the fake news has faded by a lot…though it’s still there, as a reminder. So, why should this assessment be sent to the same people at Capitol Hill who warned about many ways the IC could get to you from Sunday? They are feeling ‘mission accomplished’ after taming Trump. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 6:08 pm I don’t think 99% of the population has bought the bombing stories. Isn’t there robust polling showing this revival isn’t as popular as the original production? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef April 14, 2017 at 6:17 pm To march is to walk. Walking is good for everyone who can walk. We Americans don’t walk enough. Daily would be good…postprandial. Maybe why it feels good to march. Townhall meetings are rumored to be paid by color revolutionaries. I have no idea if that theory is valid. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:13 pm Are we sure that 99% of the population buys it? Has anyone done the research on that? Reply ↓ craazyboy April 14, 2017 at 9:53 pm It’s surely 99% media consensus manufacturing. The only thing I saw in the press the indicated someone with UN level reporting stature whom reportedly visited the site and perhaps even tested lab samples for residue was some Brit Intel agency. The news article didn’t say what day the Brits actually were there, and was even hazy about saying they actually were there and personally collected samples. But 8 full days after the “bombing” incident they reported their findings to the UN. Even so they couldn’t avoid inserting some weasel wording. They said it was sarin gas, or something similar to sarin gas! WTF that may mean. No Q&A session either. So maybe the western IC drew straws and it was Britian’s turn to be Colin Powell??? But this what passes for yellow crime tape, sequestered evidence, and expert cross examination. Reply ↓ sporble April 14, 2017 at 5:18 pm I read the whole thing as well, and essentially agree with the previous commenters. It was waytoolong and spent a great deal of time on protesting itself (as opposed to identifying causes which should be protested, effective means of protesting, etc.). It also seemed to venerate the act of protesting; to me, protesting is only effective/useful if it’s a means to an end (a change in policy, venting frustration, etc.), but I admit: I’m 50 years old and I’ve never attended a protest, so maybe I’m just missing the “protest-gene”. I don’t want to step on your toes, Lambert, but I would NOT recommend this piece. Reply ↓ Byron the Light Bulb April 14, 2017 at 2:46 pm Sirens are wailing Friday in Pyongyang for a pop civil defense drill. Corporations in Seoul have begun evacuating their offices. Air China suspends flights from Beijing to Pyongyang. Is it any surprise President Trump isn’t spending man-hours digesting the latest Nationalism by Derrida koan from Bannon. Trump is too busy slamming his thermobaric septuagenarian schwantz on the sand table in paradoxic ‘roid-raging disengagement. Or did he? This strategic ambiguity appears to be achieving peace through bafflement…it’s working… Reply ↓ JohnnyGL April 14, 2017 at 2:48 pm http://www.huffingtonpost.co.za/shelley-garland/could-it-be-time-to-deny-white-men-the-franchise_a_22036640/ Behold! For those who want to know where the id pol endgame lies….especially when combined with mentality of Hamilton-type elites that, overtly or covertly, have a serious disdain for democracy. I know it’s Huff Po and obviously put up there as clickbait to frighten the right-wingers (and everyone, really) but there’s a kind of logic to these id pol mental games. And this is where it leads. Reply ↓ djrichard April 14, 2017 at 4:55 pm From the article, “At the same time, a denial of the franchise to white men, could see a redistribution of global assets to their rightful owners.” If she really wants to disgorge the global wealth from the wealthy, why not set the target appropriately and call it for what is? Revolution. Or is the idea to play it safer and pick winners and losers within the existing framework? Such that the losers in this case would be white people. Sure, whatever. Just be aware that if you’re picking winners and losers that the existing winners have a habit of staying on top. More to the point, they’re not going to disgorge their wealth. But hey, I’m sure they’ll offer ladders for her to climb up to join them, so she can leave her brethren behind. They’re looking for the kinds of people who write articles just like this. As a matter of fact, I’m sure they’ll be interested in financing her campaign. How about instead of picking winners and losers, we focus on how to have everyone be a winner? The wealthy aren’t going to like that; that could be a good tell you’re looking in the right direction. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 6:42 pm No, this is just elite feminist nonsense. First of all, most white men are also victims of the system, especially now. A lot of the people dying — both on the front lines of our corporate wars and as exploited victims at home — are white men. My husband is currently classified as a “white man,” now that Jews are assimilated enough to the upper class they get to call themselves white (my racist, anti-Semitic, aristocratic grandmother would reject this notion out of hand). He’s nobody’s oppressor, outside of the complicity we all share as Americans. Letting comfortable women pretend they have power is just a misdirect. Women are no closer to ruling as a class than they were in ancient Greece. One of the most horrifying aspects of the Clinton campaign, to me, was how she unleashed all this pent-up rage by women, who seemed to profoundly misunderstand who Hillary Clinton was, how she rose to wealth and prominence, what kind of system she was a product of and would protect and defend, and what was going to happen to them under her presidency. Clinton herself as a political figure is an appendage of her husband. She didn’t even care enough or have enough power to install women at the top of the Clinton Foundation OR her own campaign; both were run by men, who were far better paid than comparable women in those organizations. And yet here all these women were, braying insults at men publicly, as if they were suddenly some tribe brought to power who would be free to annihilate their opponents. But while a Hutu-like genocide would be immoral, what these women were openly seeking wasn’t even possible. It was never going to happen. Hillary Clinton was a tool of patriarchal control. Those women were only putting themselves at risk by making threats against power they would never be able to act upon, while alienating potential allies that would be absolutely necessary to really change the system. (Why, it’s almost like it was a feature and not a bug that the Clinton campaign would use women to get into power, and betray them once in power, while at the same time alienating potential male allies who could actually help overthrow patriarchal power.) I personally have always been opposed to a vision of feminism that views “men” rather than patriarchal ideology and systems as the enemy. Men also suffer under patriarchy. Patriarchy is a system that reinforces elite control, as racism does. Fight the system. Our partners, our brothers, our male friends and neighbors can and should be our allies in this fight against capital and hierarchy. It is both the right approach, and the only effective approach. Meanwhile, some woman writing in The Huffington Post, which exists because a woman married a gay man to access his inherited money (note how both aspects of that were driven by patriarchal doctrine), proposing to magically remove suffrage from the owners and ultimate beneficiaries of the system that allows the The Huffington Post to exist is benighted at best, and an destructive distraction regardless of intent. Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 14, 2017 at 9:04 pm marina bart, i agree with your second, third, and fourth paragraphs. thanks for articulating this problem way better than i can. to paraphrase upton sinclair, it is difficult for a women to understand something when her status and achievement as a professional depends on her not understanding it. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 9:35 pm I’d love to read your counterpoint on graf five. I want a way forward to real equality. A world in which some subset of compliant exploiters get to have some marginal increase in power and wealth at the expense of the vast majority of citizens of both genders is not progress to me. Rachel Maddow getting to earn millions as the openly gay mouthpiece of corporate oppression while the average woman across most of the country has less access to abortion, health care, a decent job or a secure retirement than she had 20 years ago is not an improvement. I want out of this box, as a woman and a citizen. Focusing on universal benefits is important. But I think finding a better way to think and talk about gender issues also matters. A lot of women are rightfully angry, but they’re aiming their ire in the wrong direction. Their actual needs and desires — even for many 10%ers — would be better met by the left than by liberalism. Right now, liberalism has a lot of women locked in a back room for its use and enjoyment. Let’s get them out of there and on our side. Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 15, 2017 at 12:04 am actually i agreed with graf 5, should have said 3rd, 4th, and 5th grafs (overlooked the initial one-line one). don’t know what you mean by ”counterpoint.” at any rate, you have provided here, and again in your newer post, an eloquent framing of the situation that i’ve been reaching for but unable to articulate to myself, let alone anyone else. i don’t feel i can begin to speak as clearly as you do about some of the delusional expressions of “feminism” i see circulating today. i’ll just say for now that even back in the 1970s, when i was in my twenties, i could not figure out how women were going to really change anything by fighting for the rights to compete along with men in the shark tank of the u.s. corporate workplace and to fight in wars on behalf of the u.s. empire. how can women maintain solidarity with one another in a corporate world where those who are best at lying and manipulation rise most quickly? why do so many women buy the story that their government plans to liberate women in middle eastern countries by killing babies there? Reply ↓ kgw April 14, 2017 at 9:18 pm I was going to say,”Would you have my baabyy,” but I see you are already engaged! Excuse me, that’s the wine verbalizing… We are all laid low by those who think “I exist!,” until they don’t. Reply ↓ neighbor7 April 14, 2017 at 9:47 pm Excellent, Marina Bart! Reply ↓ polecat April 14, 2017 at 2:48 pm Perez to Sanders …. Why can’t we be friends Why can’t we make amends Why can’t we move to the right Why can’t stop this fi-iii-ight You thought I wouldn’t hit the Corps real tight But you don’t know what I’m talkin about Why can’t we be friends why can’t we make amends why can’t we move to the right why can’t you see the li-iii-ight Small donations were the way to the top .. you said But while you slept we sent the horses’ head Why can’t we be friends Why can’t we make amends Why can’t we reason with you What are you gonna do-oooo Reply ↓ polecat April 14, 2017 at 3:24 pm You know we’re real CAPITALISTS at heart And you thought Nancy blew a BIG brain-farrrt Why can’t we be friends Why can’t we make amends Why can’t we just be friends I think I need to buy some Depends I know your good, got heavy cred in the street But here’s some IC folks you really should mee-eet Why can’t we be friends Why can’t we make amends Why can’t you move to the right Why can’t we get real ti-ii-ight If I don’t see you dancing good real soon You’ll never git a piece of that .. GRITFING BALOoN Why can’t we be friends Why can’t we make amends Why can’t you see things my way why can’t I get you to sway Reply ↓ polecat April 14, 2017 at 3:31 pm With apologies to the folks from WAR Reply ↓ flora April 14, 2017 at 2:52 pm In an interesting co-incidence, Sanders won the state primaries (caucuses) in both Kansas and Montana. Hillary won in Georgia. The DCCC practically shunned the 2017 KS-04 candidate Thompson and appears to be shunning the Montana candidate Quist. The DCCC is financially supporting and lauding the GA candidate Ossoff. Co-incidence. Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 3:12 pm DCCC: (202) 863-1500. Reply ↓ PKMKII April 14, 2017 at 3:41 pm The most mind-boggling part of this is that the party has shown willingness to support candidates who deviate from the establishment on social issues (abortion, guns) in order to win in conservative states, despite the propaganda being all about how people have to vote Dem because social issues! Yet, bucking establishment economics in order to win in populist districts? Never, ever, ever. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 14, 2017 at 5:08 pm Its not mind boggling at all. Its what the party elite value. Social issues come and go, but protecting the wealthy is forever. Their values are simply different than what people project onto them. Hillary dropped her gun control act in the general. She doesn’t care. Reply ↓ montanamaven April 14, 2017 at 6:54 pm This is from a comment I made above. “At the [Montana]Democratic State convention, when Amanda Curtiss did not get the nomination I [Green Party candidate Thomas Breck] had more than half a dozen people call me and tell me ‘I’m in on your campaign’ and the only thing they were waiting for was whether or not they were going to let the progressive have the nomination or going to prop up a quasi-celebrity instead,” Thomas Breck. Read More: MT Green Party Candidate Has Big Legal Hurdles to Cross, Says State Democrats Hinder as Well | http://newstalkkgvo.com/mt-green-party-candidate-has-big-legal-and-democratic-party-hurdles-to-cross/?trackback=tsmclip OK, from what I can figure out, the “progressive candidate” Amanda Curtis is a good gal; math teacher, State Representative. But she is part of the MT Democratic Party establishment. Enough disruptor type Dems and Bernie Supporters wanted no more business as usual and nominated Quist instead of Curtis. Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU April 14, 2017 at 8:07 pm Has anyone ever asserted that #HRC not campaigning in WI/MI was some (poor/doomed) attempt at payback? Much like this KS/MT shunning? #ThereAreNoCoincidences #TheSacredAndTheProfane Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 14, 2017 at 11:32 pm Stories Ive heard from a trusted source in the 1992 Clinton campaign (shes dead now) don’t paint a pretty picture of the Clintonistas. Without Bill, many of the Clinton loyalists would have fallen down wells or starved to death while lost in corn mazes. The Clintonistas are not a talented group. Except for 1992 in a three way race where Perot ate up Republican activist types, the Clintonistas don’t have a stellar record. Reply ↓ oho April 14, 2017 at 2:57 pm >>. This may be indicative of a breaking point with the public resenting their treatment by large corporations” [MarketWatch]. Dao was the match. The kindling was there for a long time. Sadly it boiled down to “if United and Chicago beat up an old Asian man, who won’t they beat up?” Next person may be a Scarsdale banker! Reply ↓ cm April 14, 2017 at 3:46 pm Next person may be a Scarsdale banker! Does Nobel-prize winning Robert Schiller count? Reply ↓ JustAnObserver April 14, 2017 at 4:38 pm NC reader/writer Clive’s comment re something different generalizes here (with apologies for any inexactitude): United: A child carrying a can of gasoline running around looking for a match. Reply ↓ Jim A April 14, 2017 at 3:01 pm GA-06….Would the best Democratic strategy to invest in the #2 democrat so that both names in the runoff were Democrats… Reply ↓ xformbykr April 14, 2017 at 3:04 pm “Show me a good loser …” was actually Tom Heinsohn, Boston Celtics coach. Reply ↓ Rory April 14, 2017 at 10:12 pm who heard it from Red Auerbach. Reply ↓ dcblogger April 14, 2017 at 3:21 pm single payer health care advocates on Twitter https://twitter.com/PrestoVivace/lists/single-payer-healthcare Reply ↓ Ranger Rick April 14, 2017 at 3:26 pm Peggy Noonan is arguing for the return of noblesse oblige. We’re more likely to see the return of the guillotine. Rich man’s burden, indeed. Reply ↓ PhilM April 14, 2017 at 4:37 pm While I am usually here to defend the unfairly tarred elite, I agree with you that whatever constitutes the elite in the American Empire has no concept of noblesse, much less its obligations. There is no American aristocracy for one simple reason: there is no undivided inheritance of landed wealth. Partible inheritance was one thing, and it left room for a self-imagined aristocracy of wealth and education, one that might form for a generation or two, if not longer; but death duties combined with partible inheritance mean that a true aristocracy cannot develop, and worse, that it does not have any incentive to develop. For those who want everyone to start at zero, be careful what you wish for: the only true social powers become corporations, which are immortal. Reply ↓ Carolinian April 14, 2017 at 5:49 pm Yes things were so much better under the English landed aristocracy…for the aristocracy! True they did fight the wars for Empire and the exploitation of overseas peasants as well as the domestic. But their sense of duty was to a system from which they were so very much the beneficiaries. Reply ↓ djrichard April 14, 2017 at 6:30 pm I think PhilM is onto something in that we’re on a spoils system now-of-days as well. But the spoils is the wallet share rather than the spoils being the claim to labor head count. If anything, now-of-days, there’s a desire to have no labor head count. [Of course, how to continue getting a share of wallet that’s still worth spoiling over when the owner of the wallet doesn’t have a job is the issue. Now-of-days we put such people onto the equivalent of indian reservations. They get beer money for their wallet; not enough to be worth spoiling over. Following this tangent further, I’m assuming in the case of the landed aristocracy, people who couldn’t work anymore were left to their relatives to be taken care of. Or did the landed aristocracy engage in welfare for the elderly?] Reply ↓ djrichard April 14, 2017 at 6:58 pm Some other interesting things to think about. Capital gains (increased asset prices) was not a thing back in the days of landed aristocracy. Hard for that to happen without currency-on-demand (fractional reserve system). I’m sure there were still “playahs” who would borrow their way to wealth, but a much harder game to play. Likely kept everyone’s focus on building the common wealth. [before the dutch system and the ensuing bank-of-england.] Compare to what we have now where the elites don’t even need to seek out wallet share. They can simply drive up asset prices through borrowing. Our present day common wealth. Also, did the peasants on the land have a currency to use for day to day activities? If so, I’m wondering if the landed aristocracy made a point of recycling x amount of their wealth to their peasants to make sure they still had a decent velocity of money to keep them fully engaged. Compare to what we have now where the consequences of low velocity of money is abstract to the elites. Reply ↓ polecat April 14, 2017 at 9:55 pm One of their ‘duties’ was to starve out the Irish poor ….. or at least stand aside and do nothing while the potato famine ensued ! What ‘s noble about that ? Reply ↓ Vatch April 14, 2017 at 5:56 pm Forget noblesse oblige — that would just be an excuse for plutocratic privilege. Let’s have an increase in the sense of civic duty by people all across the economic spectrum. In other words, people need to vote, among other things, especially in primary elections. And they need to become better informed about current events — for example, by reading Naked Capitalism. Reply ↓ DJG April 14, 2017 at 3:52 pm The March on Everywhere by Jamison: I am a subscriber to the paper Harper’s magazine, and as I look through the virtual version at Lambert’s suggestion, I recall not having been able to get through the article back in March, for two reasons: –It strikes me as a guide for people who have never been to a demonstration, sort of like the New York Times 36 Hours in Yogyakarta (except 36 Hours of Dissidence). Having gone to the Chicago Women’s March, I saw and experienced many of the same things. If the article has a particular value, it is for those commenters here who pooh-poohed the march. Try marching. It was even recommended by Walt Whitman in his famous line, “We must march, my darlings.” She gives a sense of the feeling of solidarity that is in the air at marches: That’s the joy of walking down Michigan Avenue making noise and bumping gently into all the other people there. –The article is written in the fullsome lushness of the New High American Baroque. I tend to think that so much of our difficulty comes from plain overwroughtness. The article never truly comes to the point of talking about human rights, yet human rights are what are at issue. I often wonder if baroque overwroughtness has now made democracy and humanity somehow unfashionable, not as cool as edgy Steve Bannon, not as embroidered as a NYTimes bruschetta recipe. I was reminded of this yesterday when Lambert posted the essay in Jacobin about human nature, which also suffered from a baroque style: Why couldn’t the author stoop to speaking about human rights? As I’ve mentioned before, an enlightening book for me is Norberto Bobbio’s “Left and Right” (Destra e Sinistra, in the original Italian). Bobbio’s thesis is that the left is still animated by liberty, equality, and solidarity (we passed the limitations of “fraternity” a while back). Why not address these ideas directly? Or are we afraid of equality, which now means a duty to encourage the leveling of our hierarchical and inefficient society? The current torture and murder campaign against gayfolk in Chechnya reminds me, too, why human rights have to be named. “Human nature” is what the murderers claim to be defending, and baroque storytelling cannot get to the centrality of the importance of each human being as a human being with dignity. Reply ↓ j84ustin April 14, 2017 at 4:15 pm Really good point that I couldn’t articulate until you put it out there. Reply ↓ Quentin April 14, 2017 at 4:27 pm Emotional verbalizing. Great, so what now, now that you’ve got that off your chest? Reply ↓ Absolute Negativity April 14, 2017 at 6:22 pm I think the people who thought little of the march (and I was one of them) won’t change their minds. Marches are tactics used by political movements, not political movements in themselves. What’s come after the Women’s March? Many personal experiences written by many individuals but nothing which has amounted to a cohesive political struggle. The march didn’t belong to any political movement, after all, and it had no real goal beyond its own existence. It’s all well and good to share a collective experience, but if it doesn’t serve any specific political goal, it isn’t a political action. It’s just a walkathon. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:22 pm So . . . to make it more than just having been a walkathon . . . what do all these good-fellowship-well-felt marchers plan to do beTWEEN marches? Reply ↓ aletheia33 April 14, 2017 at 8:01 pm i found the harpers article very interesting. i could not figure out what it was really about. i could not sense any gut passion in the writer for any particular thing. i could not figure out what the march was demonstrating. i could tell that she wanted to express how wonderful she thinks women are as such and that they are wonderfully peace-loving, considerate of one another, willing to cooperate with one another, and inspiring to be together with in large groups. i found the writing bland and without bones. i did not understand what many of the embedded stories were really about. i do not have words for what this kind of writing is. i am reluctant to say the piece consists of “bad” writing because that does not really capture what strikes me as off about it. it’s as though something really big is missing, but i can’t quite articulate what that is. it is surprising to read so much concrete description that does not seem to convey much of anything. or maybe something new really is emerging here, in this writing and in the event, and is still too vague to appear as anything but a giant larva, unrecognizable as what it will become. one thing i can say for sure is that this writing does not convey a sense that the writer has risked anything in writing it. i know that when i see it, and it ain’t there. also, it is hard for me to imagine how someone manages to refer to so many stories of courage and defiance and of just sweating through things, without conveying the actuality of any of it. it’s as if all of it is soothingly wrapped in a comforter. it evokes for me a vision of women winning out in the end by smothering everything that gets in their way in white pillows. seriously–this could work! i’m sure others can express better why the piece did not move me or give me any insight other than the sense that the nature of this writing itself, and the fact that harpers published it, may be a sign of something gone terribly wrong, something terribly missing from our educated elites’ consciousness. i do not believe we will see any significant change until protests occur in which people are committing civil disobedience/risking their lives. this piece of writing seems to me to show forth a frightening unlikelihood that that will happen any time soon. i did not see any mentions of the wars (after vietnam). but maybe i missed them. the article’s opacity to me makes me wonder if i am even reading it sanely. i hope others can help me see what i’m missing. i really hope what i’m seeing is not a new kind of orwellian non-writing that cannot name anything that is really going on and serves to reassure the reader that democracy, protest, justice, as we once knew them, are still in the picture when they are actually long gone. Reply ↓ flora April 14, 2017 at 8:57 pm Thank you. The article left me baffled. What was her subject? Was it supposed to be an essay about the woman’s march, with her experience as subtext? Was it supposed to be an Anaïs Nin style of diary journalism about personal experience, the march serving as subtext ? Or was it supposed to be something else all together? Reply ↓ marym April 15, 2017 at 12:01 am If this were the 1970’s this writing style would be more suitable to describe a music festival than a protest march….warm summer day, people pleasantly stoned, with their beads and their tie dye, sharing snacks, telling disjointed bits of stories, feeling all one-with-the-universe. It seems like a description of something similar to what happened as the “movement” of the 60’s melted into the “counter-culture” – except without the movement (or the drugs). I hope it’s just one person’s writing style. Reply ↓ PKMKII April 14, 2017 at 4:57 pm Uber confirms $2.8 billion loss for 2016 Reply ↓ Uahsenaa April 14, 2017 at 5:30 pm That Bloomberg article is so bizarre in the way it bends over backwards to put a positive spin on what are straightforwardly bad financials. The whole “revenue growth outpaced increase in losses” is so muddled, because losses already includes revenue in its calculation. The proper comparison is revenue to costs, which, given the 6.1% increase in losses the article cites, means increases in costs are outpacing growth in revenue. I.e. things are actually getting worse, financially speaking. Yet, Bloomberg uncritically repeats Uber’s line that “we’re fine, we’re all fine here… how are you?“ Reply ↓ djrichard April 14, 2017 at 6:12 pm “Does Steve Bannon Have Something to Offer?” [Peggy Noonan, Wall Street Journal]. Without being able to read the article, I was going to say that the answer was to be as sheepdog. In the same way that Bernie seemingly was the sheepdog to keep the bros from defecting (as much as he could) from Hillary, Bannon has that option of playing that same role for Trump (call them Bannon Bros? lol). And that makes Bannon powerful. That made Sanders powerful too, but he didn’t seem to realize how much power he had. Or he didn’t want to be too unseemly about exploiting it. Hard to know. Anyways, if I were Bannon, I would be playing that hand for all its worth right now. And be prepared to walk. If he really wanted to up the ante, wouldn’t it be cool if he defected and backed Bernie? I think he could actually pull that off. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 8:25 pm But would Bannon back Bernie if Bernie doesn’t support Bannon’s White Grievance / White Power Nationalism? And would Bannon back Bernie if Bernie doesn’t support Bannon’s effort to abolish the Regulatory State which makes sure that “if it says aspirin on the label, it isn’t arsenic that’s in the bottle” ? Reply ↓ craazyboy April 14, 2017 at 10:13 pm I think Bannon may even be sincere on his predatory capitalism views. He does have a large following and his own media megaphone so maybe he can educate his followers on the issue(s) and maybe get them to sing from a more eloquent hymnbook. However, we just got another demonstration of how easily one gets unseated from anywhere close to the levers of power whenever one makes threatening noises about the finances of rich people and offers a cure the 99% would approve of. Altho he comes with weird mental baggage. Tax cuts for corporations and rich people are the way forward to equitable opportunity and income distribution??? Supply side was so 80s, and I thought everyone just got a good Laffer outta it? Reply ↓ ProNewerDeal April 14, 2017 at 6:12 pm from the Crapification of Murica files, case #4080: Anyone know of a means to record a internet-based phone call, with a service like Google Voice or Skype, on a Win7 laptop? I interacted with a Gov Customer No-Service recently. They sent a vague letter requesting certain documents. I called to clarify exactly what documents they needed. I asked if the CSR rep could email me that exact wording she said on the phone with respect to the documents. She refused, claiming she was “unable to do so”. Now if the follow up, the next CSR2 contradicts CSR1 & says the documents are insufficient, I will have no proof of the prior “promise” of CSR1. If I had that recording technology, at the call start, I could state I am recording this conversation for my “quality control purposes”, & have protection re evidence of the CSR1’s instructions. In contrast on a similar issue of requesting email verification, a private electronics vendor did send me an email indicating that I had jumped “jumped through their hoop”, completed their “action item” & the warranty was initated & valid for 12 months until Apr XX, 2018. At least being a government issue, if the government does screw me over, I can theoretically contact my relevant elected legislatureperson’s Constituent Services, at least that’s what Thom Hartmann mentioned, & my elected Rep’s office actually proved helpful the one time I contacted it. Reply ↓ DJPS April 14, 2017 at 6:32 pm Try these https://support.skype.com/en/faq/FA12395/how-can-i-record-my-skype-calls I bet they will hang up when you tell them they are being recorded. Reply ↓ ewmayer April 14, 2017 at 6:14 pm LGBT advocates seek to label opponents as U.S. hate groups | Reuters IdPol gone wild or reasonable move? Reply ↓ witters April 14, 2017 at 7:40 pm Performative Self-Contradiction: “This group hates hate groups!” Reply ↓ neighbor7 April 14, 2017 at 10:01 pm A crime is a crime. The “hate crime” discourse strikes me as an unnecessary ideological overlay. Not “thoughtcrime,” but close? Reply ↓ Dandelion April 14, 2017 at 11:20 pm It’s the T, not the G, L, or B, and specifically it’s the T who are biological males. They’ve already forced an astonishng level of speech suppression in academic, psychotherapy, and medical communities. If a patient tells a therapist he’s T, a therapist can’t challenge that diagnosis or even suggest exploring more deeply those feelings without risking their license for engaging in “conversion therapy.” Basically, for the T, spoken thought based on the fact that surgery can’t actually change biological sex is hate speech, and the use of incorrect pronouns is violence. They’re mostly targeting for hate speech violations any feminists who don’t support males in female prisons, mental health bedrooms, homeless and domestic violence shelters, dorm rooms and locker rooms, or competing against females in sports — all of which is already happening, to the documented detriment of females. Also guilty of hate speech are those who question putting prepubescent children for 5 or more years on the chemotherapy drugs developed for prostate cancer when there are no studies on using it this way, and then cross-sex hormones that sterilize these kids, many of whom, it seems from their own or their parents’ words, would have grown up to be gay or lesbian. Many G, L, and B are aware of these issues and are not happy at being grouped with the T. Unfortunately there is very big pharma and medical care money at play, as well as Pritzker billions in support. Reply ↓ Steely Glint April 14, 2017 at 6:22 pm Off subject, but concerning the United beating, I heard an interesting idea. Instead of starting with a low offer for your ticket/seat, why not start high? Kind of like “who want’s to be a thousandaire, raise your arms in the air”. Start at $5000.00 and half the boarding area or passengers stand up. Then begin lowering the offer until the number left standing meets the airline requirement. They will feel like winners!! Could even be an interesting app. Reply ↓ Marina Bart April 14, 2017 at 6:55 pm No, each of them will picture having $5,000 the instant they stand up, so as the number goes down, each of them will feel that money has been stolen from them. That would be an excellent way to start a riot on an airplane. Reply ↓ Steely Glint April 14, 2017 at 7:56 pm Don’t agree. Americans like game shows (Trump comes to mind). Except for the blood thirsty, I would expect them to be totally engaged in a good way Reply ↓ John k April 14, 2017 at 6:56 pm Interesting idea. And many would seriously consider volunteering. But most crappy airlines have lots of restrictions on the offer. Always ask if it’s cash. If a voucher, is it a single one or multiple? Transferable? Etc. Reply ↓ Steely Glint April 14, 2017 at 8:06 pm The suggestion was made to a lawyer involved with airline litigation. I suppose airlines could exploit the idea (notice exploit instead of “loop hole” an innocent term for those who choose not to uphold law & instead find a way around it) who gave it a thumbs up/brilliant idea. Reply ↓ Chauncey Gardiner April 14, 2017 at 7:07 pm The discovery of tellurium in international waters is both fascinating and welcome news, although the U.S. produces about 25 percent of our current need for this mineral and is not as dependent on foreign producers for this resource as we now are for many others: https://www.usgs.gov/news/risk-and-reliance-us-economy-and-mineral-resources 500 miles off the Canaries, though?… Might be difficult to extract, either economically or environmentally. Reply ↓ Randy April 14, 2017 at 7:17 pm A little irony. Corporate pawn shop goes belly up. Pawn America declares Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 7:35 pm If Ossoff of Georgia is a Clintonite, the Bernies of all stripes and types should oppose the Ossoff in its election. If the Bernies feel they can bite the bullet and wade through the sewage to destroy a Clintonite and drive it out of politics as part of a longer range effort to purge the Clintonite filth out of the Democratic Party; they might even bring themselves to do the “Willy Stark” thing and vote FOR the likeliest Republican IN ORDER to defeat and destroy the Clintonite Ossoff. Such an action would show that it is possible to destroy a Clintonite and drive it out of politics. Step by step, Real Democrats could declintanimate the Democrat Party and make it Democratic again. Reply ↓ different clue April 14, 2017 at 7:39 pm And no, the circle does not get squared without a thorough housecleaning. Every trace of Clintobamacrat filth will have to be defeated and destroyed step by step. If this means that the Clintobamacrat 10 per centers all leave the Democrat Party and join the Republican Party, then at least the Real Democrats will have a Real Democratic Party again. Such a Real Democratic Party can then go Red Gingrich on the Clintobama Crapublicans’ asses in the House and maybe even the Senate. Reply ↓ IDontKnow April 14, 2017 at 8:10 pm https://nplusonemag.com/online-only/online-only/less-of-a-machine-more-of-a-pal/ Imagine the value of a car that, thanks to an exclusive multi-year partnership, autonomously drives past Dunkin’ Donuts and heads straight for Starbucks when you say, “Leaf, get me a coffee.” Or, a car in which Nissan Pay replaces Samsung Pay or Apple Pay and takes a piece of the action. Thankfully I won’t live long enough to see it. Reply ↓ bob April 14, 2017 at 8:50 pm The VW Id — the constant desire of VW to make and sell more cars. Reply ↓ Mo's Bike Shop April 14, 2017 at 8:43 pm “Dems can’t win Trump’s base in 2018, but they’ll try to demoralize it” Play to your strengths. /ns Reply ↓ witters April 14, 2017 at 9:52 pm Sanders is toxic: “Let’s all recognize that, in a world full of disgusting dictators, Bashar Assad maybe ranks at the top. This is a guy, in order to hang on to power, has allowed 400,000 people in his own country to be killed and millions to be displaced. Our goal, long term, has got to work with countries around the world. We cannot do it unilaterally. We’ve got to work with countries around the world for a political solution to get rid of this guy and to finally bring peace and stability to this country, which has been so decimated.” It is just a fact. Get over it. Reply ↓ bwilli123 April 14, 2017 at 10:07 pm I think that you’ve accidentally posted to the wrong site which, in a spasm of over-excitement, can happen to the best of us. I’ve posted the correct link for you to follow below. regards. http://www.dailykos.com/contactus Reply ↓ VietnamVet April 14, 2017 at 10:04 pm America’s fundamental problem is that we are ruled and informed by a very small credentialed class that live in an echo chamber who serve a very small number of very wealthy families. Thomas Frank’s What to Make of the Age of Trump is the best description of this that I have seen: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UPYlE72OzZA The contradictions that this neo-liberal-con rule is hatching are dangerous. In Korea, China will never agree to have a reunification without the withdrawal of all American troops. No sane Chinese leader would allow US troops on the other side of the Yalu River. Especially when the mad men in America are now threatening to bomb North Korea to prevent the next test of a nuclear weapon. The cosmopolitan belief of the Russian interference in the 2016 election by release of the DNC e-mails has grown so powerful it has turned on itself. The Obama Administration is now blamed for not preventing something where there is no proof of Russian involvement and which exposes the actual corruption of the political system. This is directly escalating tensions between two nuclear powers. https://www.buzzfeed.com/hayesbrown/how-russia-hacked-obamas-legacy?utm_term=.gkZLRQMq3&wpisrc=nl_daily202&wpmm=1#.da1NXvaq7 Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner April 14, 2017 at 11:40 pm Democrats were always going to turn on Obama. They were fairly eager to dump him which was part of the bizarre Hillary phenomenon. On a practical level, the Democratic Party is largely a pre-Obama entity as Obama never cultivated a new generation, not just losing seats but leaving Democrats who should have retired before Obama took office all over the blue map. Reply ↓ craazyboy April 14, 2017 at 10:17 pm “File This Under Nostalgia: New Book Pays Tribute To The Library Card Catalog” [NPR]. =============== Please, DO NOT drive a vehicle or operate heavy machinery while listening to NPR! Reply ↓ meeps April 14, 2017 at 11:19 pm “The March on Everywhere” [Harpers] I think placing this under Realignment and Legitimacy is fair, though I’d be hard-pressed to name a human activity that would fall outside of that purview, so that’s my priors. I’m also (among other things) a woman, a feminist, an activist and a humanist. As such, I’ll not castigate the author (or anyone else) for participating in the post-inauguration/women’s march–as many did–from afar. She arrived on the scene and she took additional care to write about her impressions. Put another way, she exercised her rights to free speech and to peaceful assembly. Her account of exhilaration coupled with aimlessness is telling in that it exposes the critical difference between having ‘rights’ and having the effective organizational capacity for those rights to accomplish anything beyond speaking and gathering. That’s a lovely start, but it’s a long way from restoring full use of the atrophied limb of democracy. I sensed a great deal of obligatory duty in her narrative. One can interpret that as noblesse oblige, but any among us is well-advised to investigate what motivates our actions concerning others. Am I doing (x) because my mother/father/boss/partner/Obama would have…? Am I doing (y) because civil rights leaders, soldiers, Jesus gave their lives so I could…? Will I burn in eternal damnation if I don’t (z) and what would that say about my eternal soul? These ghosts upstage actors all the time but are poor guides to action in present circumstances. The author mentioned (several times?) that it was not about her. Would it be a problem if it was? One can martyr oneself all day long (there’s a long history of ‘heroes’ there) or one can ask if they’ve anything in common with those they’d sacrifice themselves for. If so, maybe there’d be some common cause worth showing up for—like an aim, right now. If not, fine. Be who you really are. Is that not revolutionary enough? Maybe I’m weird with a warped world-view (I’ll consider it), but I see people as people. When last I checked ALL people need water, food, air, shelter and medicine. Why organize for these rights? Because misery, suffering and death are a certainty for each and every one of us without them–I don’t care who you are. That may suck rocks, but we are biological beings in a material world, no matter what the tribal factions believe, so we’d better get our stuff together and focus on the basics. Or marching on everywhere will lead us nowhere. Reply ↓ Kim Kaufman April 14, 2017 at 11:47 pm Has this been posted here? Daily Kos Is Back | The Huffington Post “The liberal site has acquired a new relevance in the era of Democratic resistance to President Donald Trump.” http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/daily-kos-is-back_us_58ee985ce4b0da2ff85de500?link_id=2&can_id=bdc0778090fdd974cca0e53ae6a3c036&source=email-our-revolution-endorses-tom-perriello-dems-make-big-gains-in-illinois-and-daily-kos-is-back&email_referrer=our-revolution-endorses-tom-perriello-dems-make-big-gains-in-illinois-and-daily-kos-is-back&email_subject=our-revolution-endorses-tom-perriello-dems-make-big-gains-in-illinois-and-daily-kos-is-back Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Lambert Strether on Links 4/14/17> It’s about petty fiefdoms like who gets... Lambert Strether on Links 4/14/17> Trompe Nice trope... Lambert Strether on Links 4/14/17But see this comment below. "You gotta know... Lambert Strether on Links 4/14/17That's why I said "deaths from despair." The... Lambert Strether on Links 4/14/17Thanks, Jerry. NC commenters are the best commenters.... Topics Africa (18) Australia (128) Auto industry (94) Banana republic (3,019) Banking industry (4,651) Brexit (48) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (567) Commodities (456) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,626) Curiousities (273) Currencies (903) Derivatives (688) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,472) Dubious statistics (578) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,772) Energy markets (507) Environment (457) Europe (621) Federal Reserve (1,268) Free markets and their discontents (1,416) Garrulous insolence (66) Global warming (326) Globalization (1,098) Guest Post (6,501) Health care (391) Hedge funds (417) Income disparity (963) India (16) Infrastructure (78) Investment banks (745) Investment management (499) Investment outlook (852) Japan (204) Legal (1,888) Links (3,052) Macroeconomic policy (974) Market inefficiencies (230) Media appearances (74) Media watch (865) Middle East (142) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (288) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (32) Politics (5,033) Private equity (512) Privatization (67) Real estate (1,524) Regulations and regulators (3,587) Ridiculously obvious scams (443) Risk and risk management (718) Russia (236) Science and the scientific method (195) Social policy (1,019) Social values (1,790) Species loss (52) Student loans (52) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (120) Taxes (385) Technology and innovation (454) The destruction of the middle class (1,348) The dismal science (1,461) TPP (83) UK (115) Water Cooler (655) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Gaming News, Game Reviews, Game Trailers, Tech News Contest: Win a Nintendo Switch from Destructoid about usprivacysupport / contact   Log in         Sign up   HOT DEALS REVIEWS VIDEOS COMMUNITY GENRE Action Indie Free games Fighting MMO Music Platformers Puzzle Racing RPGs Sports Shooters Strategy Virtual Reality More tags DEVICE PC Switch PS4 Xbox One Wii U 3DS PS Vita iOS Android Xbox 360 PS3 Mac More PC   |   SWITCH   |   PS4   |   XBOX   |   SCORPIO   |   3DS   |   VITA   |   VR   |   JP   |   FILM   |   TOYS   |   MOB   Close Please enable JavaScript / Whitelist *.destructoid.com and *.disqus.com to view comments   The Legendary World of Zelda's awful cover art hides a truly unremarkable book 2017-04-14 12:00:00·  4 minute read   ·  CJ Andriessen@CJdoesstuff 0 Zeldapedia: The Book In my library, which is what I call the large shelf high up in my closet, sits my small but growing collection of Zelda keepsakes. Perusing the shelf you’ll find the excellent Legends of Localization Book 1: The Legend of Zelda, my copy of Hyrule Historia, a reprint of the Nintendo Power A Link to the Past comic, the now obsolete The Legend of Zelda and Philosophy: I Link Therefore I Am, a few Link action figures, some pre-order swag, and the complete set of Zelda manga. It sounds like a lot, but the shelf is actually quite big and I’m always on the lookout for more Zelda goodies. The Legendary World of Zelda will not be added to my shelf. Written by Game Informer associate editor Kyle Hilliard and published by Triumph Books, The Legendary World of Zelda is billed as the ultimate unofficial guide. Throughout its 143 pages of legally required reminders the book is neither sponsored nor endorsed nor licensed nor authorized by Nintendo of America, Hilliard takes readers through the history of Zelda from its beginnings up until whatever trailer for Breath of the Wild he watched before sending this off to his publisher. The book is billed as a “30th Anniversary Special Edition,” though as I was unable to find a standard edition of the book or any previous editions, I’ve concluded those are nonsense words added to this astoundingly lazy cover art to make it seem like a must-buy for any Zelda fan who comes across it at a Walmart or 7-11. You are logged out. Login | Sign up     Most of the chapters in Hilliard’s book follow a rigid outline. He talks about each game in general, giving an often brief overview of its plot, the items, and its rereleases if applicable. Hilliard repeats himself throughout and often contradicts his own writing. He also writes in weird declarative statements that aren’t exactly opinions, but more of assumptions. For instance, he writes “Every game in the Zelda series has its fans that will say it is the best, but Link to the Past has the most.” In another passage, he says “The console [NES] came packed with Super Mario Bros., and much of the console’s success is thanks to the plumber brothers. But, The Legend of Zelda showed players how much fun an interactive video game could be.” Going through the book, it became evident to me that Hilliard really doesn’t have much to say about The Legend of Zelda. He knows his history or at least knows how to look it up online before regurgitating the information, but I couldn’t find an original thought in these pages. The unyielding structure I mentioned before seems like a good way to organize its content, but it actually disguises the fact there really isn’t much here. It would have been nice to see him lean in and take a deep dive into even one subject, but instead, he left us with a book that barely scratches the surface. There are a lot of strange omissions as well. When talking about the Oracle games, there is no mention of the Advance Shop even though it’s explicitly said the game released right before the launch of the Game Boy Advance. There’s not a whisper of the Chris Houlihan room in the chapter about A Link to the Past. When talking about The Wind Waker, the words “The Great Sea” do not appear. Hilliard also brings up the initial fan reaction to Wind Waker’s graphics but fails to mention the Space World 2000 video of the supposed The Legend of Zelda 128. There is a chapter dedicated to Four Swords Adventures, but the original Four Swords is rarely mentioned. There is also neither a mention of the series’ inclusion in NES Remix nor the fan-created Zelda Classic. The 1988 The Legend of Zelda board game and Japan-only The Legend of Zelda The Hyrule Fantasy board game are also absent. I get those two are obscure, but they feel like ridiculous exclusions from a Zelda merchandise section that only features amiibo, recent action figures, and The Legend of Zelda Monopoly; you know, recent crap that you don’t have to bother putting a little effort into researching. It’s an incredibly sparse read that only took about two hours cover to cover. Even just glancing through it, a few errors stood out. Typos and poor picture placement I could ignore, but one passage has stuck with me. Hilliard writes “In Japan, Link Between World’s title translates roughly to A Link to the Past 2.” This is false. The Japanese title for A Link Between Worlds is Triforce of the Gods 2 as it is a follow-up to A Link to the Past, which was called Triforce of the Gods in Japan. This seems like a good time to point out Hilliard is sold as having an “encyclopedic knowledge and passion for all things Zelda.” Though not its biggest problem, the timing of this book is also quite unfortunate. Breath of the Wild will be two months old when this hits store shelves. Because this was written before that game’s release, all the information in it is based off pre-release interviews, trailers, and press conferences. The book will be outdated by the time you have a chance to buy it. Triumph Books says The Legendary World of Zelda “represents a wonderful keepsake for longtime players and essential read for the next generation.” Half of that statement is true. If you know of or have a young child who is just getting into Zelda, this wouldn’t be the worst thing you could give that introduces them to the series. But for me, one of those longtime players mentioned above, the book’s a joke.     +Follow CJ AndriessenFormerly known as 'Its About To Get Gay In Here' // Profile & Disclosures Fronts276Posts163Blogs 56Following3Followers80 Just what the internet needs, yet another white guy writing about video games. Full Disclosure: I backed Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night. more   #Books #Impressions #The Legend of Zelda     TOP COMMENT THREADS READER COMMENTS LOADING BELOW... *Note: Please enable JavaScript / Whitelist *.destructoid.com and *.disqus.com to view comments Unsavory comments? Please report harassment, spam, and hate speech to our community team. On the right side of a comment you can flag the user to anonymously report them (we will ban users dishing bad karma). Can't see comments, or is something busted? Check our mini support FAQ Please enable JavaScript / Whitelist *.destructoid.com and *.disqus.com to view comments          
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Man arrested for string of car burglaries, thefts, police say Print Email Caitlyn Stulpin | For NJ.com By Caitlyn Stulpin | For NJ.com Gloucester County Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 14, 2017 at 1:04 PM, updated April 14, 2017 at 1:05 PM comments EAST GREENWICH TWP. -- Township police have made an arrest in a string of car burglaries that resulted in money, credit cards, a computer and other personal property being stolen from residents.  Jahquan E. Meekins (provided)  According to police, over the last few weeks, officers have responded to reports of thefts from unlocked vehicles. Many of the reports to police said that the vehicles were broken into during overnight hours without force.  During the investigation, officers checked surveillance video from a local Walmart which is where a male suspect was seen using one of the stolen credit cards. Police identified him as 24-year-old Jahquan E. Meekins of Mount Holly.  During the time of the burglaries Meekins was reported to have been staying with a friend in Paulsboro, police said. Police reported that during his arrest, Meekins gave police an alias and police discovered he was wanted on several outstanding criminal warrants in Burlington and Camden counties. Meekins was charged with burglary, theft of movable property, hindering apprehension and obstruction, as well as an additional warrant. He was taken to the Burlington County Correctional Facility. Caitlyn Stulpin may be reached at cstulpin@njadvancemedia.com. Follow her on Twitter @caitstulpin. Find NJ.com on Facebook. Most Read N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 56° Login Subscribe Full Menu 56° Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Crime April 14, 2017 1:00 PM State College police investigating theft at Benner Pike Wal-Mart From CDT staff reports LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story State College police are investigating an alleged theft at the Wal-Mart off Benner Pike. A man and woman entered the store at about 3:30 p.m. Sunday and allegedly left with carts full of items without paying, police sad in a release. The couple was recognized as a pair that has been involved in other thefts. The heavyset, white man is in his late 20s or 30s with a brown goatee. The heavyset, white woman has long brown hair and wears glasses. The pair drove an older model blue or green sedan, possibly a Chevy Cavalier, according to police. Anyone who may be able to identify them should contact police at 234-7150, by email or submit an anonymous tip. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 14 days ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 1:19 14 days ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist 0:08 2 months ago EMTs take Aylin Hernandez, an abduction victim, from a police cruiser 0:26 3 months ago Police respond to reported shooting View More Video Crime 2 men indicted by federal grand jury for bank robbery Million-dollar bail unusual, not unheard of in Centre County Benner man operated meth lab in his home, police say Man charged with arson for Philipsburg house fire Bail motion denied for State College massage therapist who allegedly assaulted clients Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Wife of Tennessee teacher accused in abduction: 'He's totally be - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Wife of Tennessee teacher accused in abduction: 'He's totally betrayed me' Posted: Friday, April 14, 2017 11:00 AM EDT Updated: Friday, April 14, 2017 1:01 PM EDT Tennessee Bureau of Investigations has added 50-year-old Tad Cummins to the Tennessee's Top 10 most wanted list. TBI has released more pictures of Cummins and his car in hopes someone recognizes him. Cummins and the victim 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas... Tennessee Bureau of Investigations has added 50-year-old Tad Cummins to the Tennessee's Top 10 most wanted list. TBI has released more pictures of Cummins and his car in hopes someone recognizes him. Cummins and the victim 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas... Tennessee Bureau of Investigations has added 50-year-old Tad Cummins to the Tennessee's Top 10 most wanted list. TBI has released more pictures of Cummins and his car in hopes someone recognizes him. Cummins and the victim 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas... Tennessee Bureau of Investigation releases new photo of Tad Cummins with Elizabeth Thomas at school in January, days before his alleged inappropriate contact with her. Lawyer's office for the family of Elizabeth Thomas released these photos of Elizabeth with dyed hair. She has been missing since March 13, 2017, after a friend dropped her off at a restaurant in Columbia, a city near Culleoka and about 40 miles... By Eric Levenson CNN (CNN) -- Jill Cummins, the wife of the man accused of abducting a 15-year-old student, says she still loves her husband but she can't trust him now. "It's very selfish of him to have done this to us," she told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Friday. "I do love him, but I don't trust him anymore. He's totally betrayed me." The comments came a month after police say Tad Cummins, 50, absconded with his student Elizabeth Thomas from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee. Authorities released surveillance video from March 15 that shows the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, but otherwise their trail has gone cold. The two disappeared March 13, weeks after a student reported seeing Cummins and Elizabeth kissing in a classroom. Cummins faces charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, and he has been added to the state's Most Wanted list. Jill Cummins filed for divorce several weeks ago, citing irreconcilable differences and alleging that her husband was "guilty of inappropriate marital conduct." She said Friday that she found out he was leaving when she found a note at home. "It's kind of like a death because the Tad I knew is gone," she said. Authorities have said Tad Cummins searched online about teen marriage, and that he and Elizabeth had exchanged romantic messages using the draft folder of his email. Jill Cummins said she believes her husband left because "he was so ashamed" and didn't want to face the consequences. "I forgive him and I still love him, but it doesn't mean that I could ever trust him again," she said. "Because he betrayed my trust to the point that it's totally broken." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically chanting North Korean troops parade through Pyongyang for Kim Jong-un on 'Day of the Sun' amid threats of nuclear war with Trump Cops who Facebook live-streamed their day inclding bragging about 'shooting the sh** out of a dog,' dishing out 'a** whoopins' and their love of pulling people over are FIRED Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and the spinning table 'He's not a jerk!' Fiancée of stock broker who 'stopped dating hot women because they are full of themselves' defends her boyfriend Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the true nature of the love-hate relationship he had with tempestuous ex-wife Kim Basinger  Adding insult to injury: United did NOT take passenger's bags off his plane after he was dragged off - then sent his luggage to the WRONG address hundreds of miles from where he was hospitalized Delta approves offers of up to $10,000 to flyers who give up seats on overbooked flights after United scandal Mass panic at NYC's Penn Station during the Easter getaway as cops taser a suspect causing a STAMPEDE of passengers fearing he had a gun  Man sues gay dating app Grindr after more than a thousand men turn up looking for sex at his house and WORK after his ex-lover 'created a fake profile inviting men over' Arkansas judge blocks the 'conveyer belt of death' execution of seven death-row inmates in a month EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's a no-show and stays home with his brother's widow who is now his lover The off-cuty cop who tried to take down Pulse nightclub killer: Bodycam pictures reveal first desperate minutes of massacre Fears grow for Nordstrom employee, 28, after she failed to arrive at a doctors appointment and her car was found abandoned one day later  Tragedy as NFL star Todd Heap accidentally runs over and kills his three-year-old daughter Federal government reports deficit of $526 BILLION despite record-breaking income and payroll tax collection Actress tells how she was sexually assaulted and pushed onto subway tracks in terrifying ordeal inside Manhattan's West Village Could this missile one day nuke the west coast of America? Kim Jong Un unveils huge new ICBM at 'Day of the Sun' parade As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago without his chief of staff or some key advisors Special forces raid, missile strike, cyber warfare or MORE negotiations: Trump's choices for dealing with Kim Jong-un - but experts say there are NO good options He knows he can't win but it would be an unimaginable humiliation for him to back down: In a deadly game of dare, Kim Jong-un will take the suicide option, says MARK ALMOND  Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92 ISIS militants in Afghanistan... but terror group DENY any of their fighters died  'We will pulverize the headquarters of evil and ruthlessly ravage US troops': North Korea makes menacing boast it will take on Donald Trump with 'merciless' strikes on South Korea and US bases as China warns of 'war at any moment' 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the terrifying moment the US dropped the Mother Of All Bombs on ISIS terrorists  'I've rarely felt more fearful for the future': PETER OBORNE, the first journalist to visit the Syrian village hit by Trump's missiles, says peace has been set back years in a war where truth and logic have gone to hell  Previous Next 'I called her our third daughter': Wife of Amber Alert teacher who disappeared a month ago with 15-year-old student speaks out about relationship with missing teen and tearfully begs for husband's return Tad Cummins, 50, vanished with his 15-year-old student Elizabeth Thomas from Tennessee a month ago on March 13 His wife of 31 years, Jill Cummins, said she had considered Thomas as her and Tad's 'third daughter' and would often take her to church  Mother-of-two also said she thought she had a perfect marriage to her 'best friend'; she has since filed for divorce  Couple's 25-year-old daughter Erica Osborne urged her father to return home    Cummins and Thomas were last spotted at a Oklahoma Walmart on March 15 The teacher is wanted by authorities on charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor  The pair had been seen kissing at the high school on January 23 By Dailymail.com Reporters Published: 13:01 EDT, 14 April 2017 | Updated: 17:28 EDT, 14 April 2017 e-mail 105 shares 73 View comments The wife of former Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins who is accused of going on the run with his 15-year-old student a month ago said the missing girl was like a 'third daughter' to them and she had no reason to suspect her husband of infidelity. Cummins, 50, who has been married to wife Jill for more than 30 years and has children and grandchildren, allegedly abducted Elizabeth Thomas on March 13, and the two, thought to be in a sexual relationship, were last spotted two days later. Their last confirmed sighting was at a Walmart in Oklahoma, 700 miles away from home, after they had both dyed their hair. Authorities have not yet been able to locate the runaway pair despite an intense nationwide manhunt. One month into the search, Jill Cummins and her and Tad's two daughters, Erica Osborne and Ashlee Conner, sat down for a new interview with ABC, begging the father-of-two to come home.  Scroll down for video  Scorned wife speaks: Jill Cummins, the wife of disgraced Tennessee teacher Tad Cummins, told ABC she had treated 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas as her 'third daughter' before her husband and the teen ran away together last month  Tad Cummin's daughter Erica Osborne (left) urged her father to come home and said: 'We're here for you, no matter what anytime, any place, anywhere,' His other daughter, Ashlee Conner, is pictured right 'No matter where you are, Daddy, no matter what you've done we just want you to come home. We miss you so much,' Cummin's daughter, Osborne said. 'We're here for you, no matter what anytime, any place, anywhere.' Mrs Cummins tearfully said that after 31 years of marriage, which she characterized as 'perfect', she could not fathom that the man she called her 'best friend' and her everything was lying to her about his relationship with Thomas, his student, whom she thought he was merely mentoring. 'She would come to him with her problems,' Jill said of the girl, adding that she and Tad would sometimes take Thomas to church with them. 'In fact, I called her our third daughter sometimes,' Jill said.  Cummins (right) allegedly abducted Elizabeth Thomas (left) on March 13, and the two, thought to be in a sexual relationship, were last spotted two days later When allegations first emerged accusing Tad of kissing Thomas at school, he denied the claims and Jill was convinced that he was innocent. 'I really, truly believed that he loved me,' said Jill. 'It's very selfish of him to have done this.'  Jill has filed for divorce from Tad after he ran away with Thomas. She speculated that her husband left because he was ashamed and could not face his family.      'It's kind of like a death because the Tad I knew is gone,' she said. 'I love him, I forgive him... but that doesn't mean I could ever trust him again because he betrayed my trust to a point that it's totally broken.'     Jill revealed her husband had left her a note before his disappearance, but she declined to disclose the message, citing the ongoing investigation. But Brent Cooper, the district attorney for Maury County, Tennessee, told WREG: 'It’s obvious that it was a diversion, just a way to try and buy some extra time and give us a false lead of what direction they might be going.' The note did not mention Thomas.  Jill has filed for divorce from Tad after he ran away with Thomas. She speculated that her husband left because he was ashamed Cummins' daughter Ashlee Conner wanted to remind her father of Romans 8:28, a Bible verse she learned from him. 'There's one thing that he's reminded us for our entire life. And that's Romans 8:28, and that's, 'God uses all things for the glory of those that love the Lord and are called according to his purposes' and that means even this,' Conner said.  Thomas' father previously said Cummins misled his daughter to believe the health sciences teacher was a former intelligence officer living the high life. 'He convinced her that he had been a secret agent and ... that he had all kinds of money,' Anthony Thomas told HLN. 'It was clear that he had really put a lot of notions into her head.'  This image of Elizabeth was taken on March 13, the day she vanished. She appears to be holding a bundle of clothes Her sister, meanwhile, fought back tears when she revealed Cummins had begun showing up unannounced at her sister's work shortly before the pair disappeared together, with his last visit just two days before the girl's abduction. 'She would go and tell people to tell him she wasn't there and she would go and hide until he left,' explained Sarah Thomas. 'She thought it was the only way. She felt uncomfortable.'  Authorities believe Thomas may have gone willingly with Cummins, who they say has been grooming her for sex for some time.  With the two now on the run for a month, authorities say Cummins should be due for a refill on medication to control his blood pressure. Cooper told ABC News that pharmacists should be mindful of customers who look like Cummins or Thomas and alert authorities.  The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert for Elizabeth when she first disappeared.  Cummins is wanted by authorities on charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor.  On March 12, the day before they vanished, Cummins was spotted buying women's dark brown hair dye at a Tennessee Walmart. He also appeared to have bought men's toiletries. Days earlier, he took out a $4,500 loan and was also seen filling up his silver Nissan Rogue with gas on the day of their disappearance. Cummins was spotted buying women's dark brown hair dye at a Tennessee Walmart the day before they vanished. He also appeared to have bought men's toiletries RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'I'm staying... you'll have to drag me': Passenger who was... 'I have a scar on my toe where he dug a drill into it':... Share this article Share Police believe Cummins, who Elizabeth has known for more than two years, brainwashed her into abandoning her family. Cummins was suspended from his teaching job at the time they disappeared. Another student claimed to have seen the pair kissing in Cummins' classroom back on January 23.  He was not officially fired by the school district until he disappeared with the girl on March 13.  Surveillance footage from a Walmart in Oklahoma two days after they vanished is the last confirmed sighting of the pair Cummins had left a note for his wife Jill Cummins before he vanished with the teenager. Investigators have revealed they think the note was a diversion to throw them off the trail The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert for Elizabeth when she first disappeared     Read more: Ex-teacher in student kidnapping case may need medication, left note for wife - ABC News Family of former Tenn. teacher accused of kidnapping student: 'Daddy...we just want you to come home' - ABC News Amber Alert: Tad Cummins left note for wife, may need to refill medication | WREG.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 105 shares Most watched News videos Pentagon release footage of MOAB being dropped in Afghanistan Bad parker gets blocked by two Jeeps to teach him a lesson Muslim woman refuses to remove hijab for airport security in Rome US Air Force releases footage of the first MOAB bomb test FIRST EVER trailer unveiled for Star Wars: The Last Jedi Mega blast after Russia tests non-atomic 'Father Of All Bombs' 2007 Rapturous reception for Kim Jong Un opening residental complex Shocking moment a horse attacks an alligator in Florida 'Mother of all bombs' tested by the US military in 2003 'You have to drag me': David Dao just before United incident North Koreans unfazed by Trump ahead of 'Day of the Sun' UPS worker gets family out of house and puts out fire Hilarious moment two Jeep drivers get their own back on... Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the... 'You are not safe for us': Muslim woman films Rome... Putin’s ‘Father Of All Bombs’ is FOUR TIMES more powerful... Easter carnage as drunken revellers take advantage of the... Christians in Philippines nail themselves to crosses and... Shocking moment the roof of the world-famous Bellagio... Britain's prettiest streets are revealed with The... His and Hers jets, paid for with YOUR tax dollars:... Angry father 'chops off a 15-year-old boy's PENIS and... Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of... EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about... Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of... 'Security is really tight on campus so no worries at... The U.S. Mother Of All Bombs that killed 36 ISIS... EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details... 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens... Aaron Hernandez weeps as he is found NOT GUILTY in double... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 73 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'My baby and me after nap time': Janet Jackson shares adorable first photo of three-month-old son Eissa A week after split 'I love you so much': Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana posts amorous note after recent birth of their son and failed marriage Oops she did it again! Britney Spears shows off toned torso in hot pink bikini as she hits beach on Hawaiian vacation Another day in paradise  She's picture perfect! Ryan Reynolds takes candid snaps of wife Blake Lively including VERY close up shot of her chest Played photographer 'Thank you Luna!' Kim Kardashian gushes over 'cutest' Easter baskets given to her children from Chrissy Teigen and John Legend's daughter Was so grateful  Wigging out! Ariel Winter rocks magenta hairpiece and flashes lacy lingerie at H&M's Coachella tent Wore a pink ombré, hip-length hairpiece  'You stupid b***h!' Sugar Bear gets heated as he threatens Mama June with legal action to enforce visitation with their daughter Honey Boo Boo 'My daughter can't stand to be around her f***ing father!': Mama June has a showdown with Sugar Bear and his new wife A very heated argument Bikini babe! Shay Mitchell poses topless on pink swan as she gets ready for Coachella fun Made the most of her resort's pool Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the nature of the love-hate relationship he had with tempestuous ex-wife Kim Basinger  'My super chic mom': Kelly Ripa shares adorable Easter throwback photo as she and mother coordinate in white and yellow Mother-daughter pic  'Sculpting': Katy Perry shows off ultra trim figure during gym workout session in Instagram clip Star  is making sure to keep in tip-top shape Karrueche Tran flaunts her bodacious behind in nude-colored thong bikini for fun-filled beach day in Miami It was all fun in the sun  Table for five! Kourtney Kardashian and ex Scott Disick take kids out for relaxed dinner in Malibu She carried her youngest child Reign against her hip Highlighter-haired Kylie Jenner flashes Spanx in $39 PrettyLittleThing mini-dress at Palm Springs bash  Looking sensational for the music festival  FIRST LOOK: Carrie Fisher as General Leia in The Last Jedi revealed... as Disney confirms she will NOT be in Episode IX despite brother's claims Her final movie  'It can be difficult meeting your heroes': Daisy Ridley offers plot clues for The Last Jedi after trailer debuts at Star Wars Celebration Trailer unveiled The Weeknd, Sean 'Diddy' Combs and French Montana among surprise performers set to hit the stage at Coachella Big announcement  Ab fab! Serena Williams displays her chiseled figure in barely-there neon yellow bikini 'Just because' Tennis star showed off her incredible physique 'Coachella vibin'': Ashley Graham lounges topless by the pool in Palm Springs Ashley seemed ready for a weekend of relaxation at the festival  Cheers to freedom! Teresa Giudice toasts the good life on bikini break in Puerto Rico while husband Joe takes his turn behind bars  'Coachella Butterfly!' Paris Hilton flashes cleavage in plunging rainbow striped maxi dress as she attends star-studded music festival EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about his 'drug-fueled bromance' with Jack Nicholson, cheating on his wife and being left paralyzed  Letting her hair down! Kylie Jenner parties in Coachella without ex Tyga...as they both travel separately to music festival just days after split Hoopin' it up! Jimmy Fallon plays basketball as he films Saturday Night Live skit in NYC ahead of hosting first live coast-to-coast show ever Turned Up! Christina Milian flaunts toned legs in Daisy Dukes at PrettyLittleThing x PAPER magazine gala in Palm Springs Looked ready to party  His Wonderwall! Proud dad David Beckham shares video of son Cruz playing guitar... before downing uni shots together He's so proud  'Happy Easter': Candice Swanepoel shares adorable snaps of six-month-old son wearing knit bunny hat Clearly hopping mad about being a new mom Judge bars Jodie Sweetin's ex Justin Hodak from selling 'potentially embarrassing images or videos' of Fuller House actress She's just a girl! Gwen Stefani keeps it low-key in track jacket and jeans on shopping trip with son Apollo Out and about with her son  Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes svelte torso in skimpy ensemble as she parties at Coachella  A flirty bohemian chic crop top PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini boss! Rihanna parades around in tiny two-piece and sips wine after treating her staff to lavish work retreat in Mexico Juggling act! Zoe Saldana carries new born son Zen before taking a call on LA outing with husband Marco Perego The Avatar star  Ben Affleck 'preparing to move out of family guest house' as divorce from Jennifer Garner proceeds Is finalizing the end of their relationship  'Holy Boobies': Coco Austin flaunts her ample assets in plunging tight maxi dress on Instagram The wife of Ice-T wowed as usual  'Coachella ella': Shanina Shaik dons skimpy attire and Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage as stars arrive for desert music festival Led the star arrivals EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight, and threatened with a butcher knife... Ashley Graham reveals her shocking life story 'It's gettin real!': Chrissy Teigen and John Legend share a smooch while posing proudly with pink cake they made for daughter Luna's 1st birthday Retail therapy! Kate Upton shops in eye-catching leopard print leggings in LA... after claiming 'this week just kicked my a**' Much-needed shopping Frail Yoko Ono, 83, raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats with a young man in her first public outing in months Vanessa Hudgens kicks off Coachella weekend by going topless poolside in Palm Springs Actress showcased her fit 5ft1in bikini body  Protesters who chased Ryan Lochte on Dancing With The Stars 'agree to pay $20K to stay out of jail' In what's known as a civil compromise  'New York vibes': Blac Chyna sports a red velvet tracksuit as she jets into the Big Apple for nightclub appearance A break from mum duty Babymoon bliss! Pregnant Beyonce jets off to Bora Bora with Jay Z for 'low key' holiday at private island Anniversary and babymoon 'You are pure love and joy!' Shannen Doherty pays birthday tribute to Sarah Michelle Gellar with sweet snap She just celebrated an Aries birthday herself What Prince George will wear on his first day at his new $22,000-a-year school - and how Kate will drive him there and back to 'give him normality'  Ready for anything! Eva Longoria brings wine and a pillow along for romantic getaway with husband José Bastón Spotted carrying a bottle of wine and fuzzy pillow Très chic! Jennifer Aniston keeps casually cool in long-line camel coat and shades as she enjoys a shopping trip with Justin Theroux in Paris Paris Jackson enjoys family dinner with brother Blanket... after sharing her fears he had been left to live alone Siblings spent quality time together The wedding is in five weeks - so how rotten that Pippa Middleton's fiance has had to swallow a $463,000 pay cut as profits at his hedge fund firm slump  The angels have landed at Coachella! Alessandra Ambrosio, Jasmine Tookes and Romee Strijd live it up at the Victoria's Secret 'oasis' Makeup-free Amy Adams looks relaxed in casual chic as she enjoys day out with husband and daughter Slowing down to enjoy  time off with her family  All bundled up! Hilary Duff throws denim jacket over colorful hoodie out and about in New York City Didn't take any chances with the weather 'She would work her butt off': Cate Blanchett used Chris Hemsworth's personal trainer while she filmed new Marvel movie Thor: Ragnarok Plays new villain  Harry Styles' first solo single scores number one spot in the charts... but 'still only achieves half the opening week success of Zayn Malik's debut' 'Everything is going to be ok!': Sandra Bullock donates $5,000 to Beverly Hills Hotel's former pool manager after he falls on hard times 'Life is not a movie set!' Rob Lowe's sons Matthew and John Owen tell Ellen about life with their 'manchild' father Actor got an earful from his kids Cristiano Ronaldo says a German magazine's claims he paid $375,000 to a woman who accused him of rape is 'a piece of fiction' Der Spiegel made claim Cristiano Ronaldo 'uses padding to make his package look bigger', model Elisa De Panicis claims after the pair spent time together in Ibiza 'My boobs are gone': The Bachelor star Lesley Murphy, 29, recovers in hospital bed after double mastectomy Her mom had cancer  Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter sugar-rich Nutella PICTURED: Pearl Mackie's anticipated debut as Peter Capaldi's assistant... as the rising star says it is 'about time' Doctor Who featured a gay character Lucky brake! James Corden narrowly misses being hit by a truck after viewing a house under construction with his wife Julia in LA Close call  Working it! Nicole Murphy displays her flawless figure in a sports bra as she she exercises in the heat Added some pizzazz with an array of jewels 'Oh no!': Cara Delevingne debuts colourful pixie crop as she chops off her locks while filming new drama Life In A Year Joked 'Oh No1!' 'She's the best parts of the both of us': Chrissy Teigen shares beautiful family portrait with husband John Legend for daughter Luna's first birthday Mom-of-two Natalie Portman looks slim and trim as she enjoys a hike with a pal near LA... just two months after giving birth to daughter Amalia I will always spoof you! Samuel L Jackson and Ryan Reynolds recreate Whitney Houston's 1992 movie poster from The Bodyguard Perfect parody 'I'm always kind of curious': Robert Pattinson admits he is interested in reprising his role as Edward Cullen in a 'radical' Twilight spin-off Heavy metal! As Chanel Iman and Victoria Justice step out in chainmail fashions, FEMAIL reveals how YOU can incorporate the look into your wardrobe Jennifer Aniston's half-brother AJ pictured trudging around with new girlfriend after 'abandoning' his two kids... as Friends star lives high life in Paris  Style Swoon: From a Lucy Hale approved accessory line, to Fendi's new retro-inspired sunglasses, FEMAIL reveals fashions we're loving now 'We couldn't be happier!' Jeff Goldblum, 64, and wife Emilie Livingston, 34, proudly announce birth of baby boy Wed three years ago Super size Megan! Miss Fox takes over Manhattan and stretches across Central Park in larger than life new ad Eye-popping photos Rich kids of Coachella! Sofia Richie jets off in helicopter with gal pals as celebrities head to desert music festival in style Flying high above trafic Sealed with an 'H'! Meghan Markle steps out wearing ANOTHER piece of jewelry with Prince Harry's initial on after the royal flew out to Toronto to see her Cheers to us! Ted Danson, 69, and wife of 22 years Mary Steenburgen enjoy romantic beach vacation in Hawaii Took a dip in the ocean . What breakup? Olivia Munn has a giggle with Keegan-Michael Key on the Canadian set of her new flickThe Predator following split from Aaron Rodgers 'An incredible mother:' Heath Ledger's sister Kate praises Michelle Williams for raising daughter Matilda in a 'wonderful environment' Her glowing tribute Johnny Depp joins rally against Arkansas' rushed plans to put to death seven inmates by end of April - as drug supplier says its product is not for execution  'Like cuddling our princess again': Mark Hamill and Harrison Ford hug Carrie Fisher's daughter Billie Lourd Three months since Star Wars actress died 'No makeup no filters!' Busy Philipps and Michelle Williams show off their natural beauty in glowing selfie Cougar Town alum posted touching selfie People actually LIKED Pepsi's ad! Poll shows half of young Americans had more favorable view of brand after seeing controversial Kendall Jenner commercial 'Google knows all!' Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant unearths footage of himself as a soap star on As The World Turns in 2008 Previous life as actor Slender Mel C stuns in side-split midi dress as she takes to the stage for passionate final tour performance in Dublin Singer, 43, showed off fit and toned physique  Woman, 21, reports that she was raped while backstage at a Chris Brown concert in Nebraska on Monday sparking police investigation Now for a drink! Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick visit Malibu's Soho House after a day with their three kids Spending time alone The Trump fairy! Donald Jr posts photo of the $10 daughter Kai got for losing a tooth Showed off the pearly tooth his nine-year-old daughter had lost Country singer Sam Hunt 'set to wed' fiance Hannah Lee Fowler in Georgia this weekend  Lavish bash for on/off pair of 10 years who got engaged in January Now you can glow like Chrissy Teigen! The model teamed up with Becca Cosmetics on a gorgeous palette you'll want to wear every day this summer Snooze Wars: Underwhelming trailer for 'Last Jedi' premieres offering fans little hint of what to expect and only a brief glimpse of Princess Leia  'When I look at her, I see a future that I never saw': Hoda Kotb breaks down in tears as she talks about adopted baby Haley Joy in sweet video Stylish pair! Robin Thicke, 40, and girlfriend April Love Geary, 22, are a team in jeans and bomber jacket Lovebirds sported coordinating looks Catherine Zeta-Jones nails boho chic with $3,800 Chanel graffiti bag as she arrives at NY's JFK airport with husband Michael Douglas No Doubt release new tracks as new band Dreamcar... without Gwen Stefani Trio ventured out on own without Blake Shelton's girlfriend Angelina Jolie 'splashes out $25 million' on a sprawling Hollywood estate with six bedrooms and ten bathrooms... as she moves on from Brad Pitt Is that you, Hugh? Madame Tussauds in China unveils waxwork of Wolverine actor Jackman with bizarre GINGER bouffant hairstyle Mama-ste! Lea Thompson and daughter Zoey Deutch hold hands on their way to yoga They have an unbreakable bond and share love of acting Jamiroquai keyboard player Toby Smith dies aged 46, following reports he was 'secretly battling cancer'  Band's lead singer Jay Kay, 47, paid tribute 'I don't have a thigh gap and I'm still beautiful': Demi Lovato shows off her legs as she shares body positive post Took to Instagram All star abs! Gigi Hadid shows off her enviably flat stomach while rocking sporty sweatsuit as has another busy day in New York City 'Good vibes only!' Lucy Hale brightens up her morning in a tank top and leggings as she enjoys an iced coffee on the way to a gym in Los Angeles Boom Clap singer Busty Charli XCX showcases her enviable assets and washboard stomach in a skimpy black bikini and jeans in sizzling selfie Jenna Bush Hager celebrates daughter Mila's 4th birthday with co-hosts - and fellow moms - Savannah Guthrie and Dylan Dreyer, and their kids 'I see the kids doing these kind of pics so...': Kathy Griffin, 56, looks ageless as she poses TOPLESS in a bid to keep up with women half her age 'I miss his laughter': Priscilla Presley reflects on Elvis 40 years after his death... and says The King  would NEVER be on Facebook if he were still alive Former 'American Idol' finalist Brandon Cox gets 70 years in prison for child porn after photos of young boys and infants were found on his computer Belle of the ball: Megyn Kelly poses with NBC colleagues Savannah and Lester then gives Fox News pal Sean Hannity a giant hug at media event 'Another great day!' Doting mom Britney Spears has dinner in Hawaii with her sons...then posts racy bikini selfie   Boys growing up fast  Queen Elizabeth advertises for new butler but candidates for $23,000-a-year job are warned they must pass exam and 'the learning curve will be steep' You've been framed: Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa wears statement glasses and figure-hugging dress as she touches down at LA airport 'Sick' Kim Kardashian attends premiere of The Promise but 'doesn't stay for the movie about the Armenian genocide after being taken unwell' Missed the main event Been Up All Night? Sleepy Liam Payne leaves a London studio wearing a HUGE gold chain as he and girlfriend Cheryl adjust to new parenthood 'Glad to be alive': Singer Meghan Linsey who found fame on The Voice is recovering from poisonous spider bite which left 'a hole' in her face Cara Delevingne debuts subtle pink locks as she wraps up warm while resuming filming for romantic drama Life In A Year Model switching to acting 'It was chaos': Warren Beatty on THAT Oscars mix up, whether You're So Vain is really about him... and the claim he's slept with more than 13,000 women Babewatch! Elizabeth Hurley, 51, shows off her ample assets and toned stomach in a skimpy red bikini as she hits the beach in the Seychelles  New Girls' Hannah Simone is 'pregnant and secretly wed TV personality Jesse Giddings' Couple kept romance out of spotlight Hot Legs! Rod Stewart, 71, looks on proudly as wife Penny Lancaster, 46, flaunts her toned legs in ripped shorts during a family day out in Beverly Hills 'He'd sleep either zero or two hours a night': The late Heath Ledger's manic energy revealed as documentary delving into actor's life is set to premiere Boom Clap singer Charli XCX looks kooky in an oversized pajama-style two-piece and tinted specs as she attends 2017 SESAC Pop Awards in NYC Jay Pharoah claims SNL only wanted him to impersonate famous black people, but says he is not a 'yes ni**a' as he speaks out for first time since firing  'Kill em all (with love)': Anwar Hadid makes a peaceful tweak to his Metallica hoodie as he heads to dinner with family and girlfriend Nicola Peltz 'You wouldn't stop calling!' Matthew Rhys first tried to woo now girlfriend Keri Russell 16 years ago... but she thought he was a 'buffoon' First class disguise! Katy Perry hides her head behind enormous envelope... before delivering the goods by revealing her famous features 'He's a pistol!' Michael Douglas, 72, raves about the strong bond he has with his 100-year-old Hollywood icon dad Kirk Douglas Still enjoy hanging out Come here often? Basic Instinct star Sharon Stone gets chatted up by male customer as she gets nails done Unwinding Jennifer Garner and Ben Affleck take turns to spend time with their children... as it emerges they have both asked for joint custody in divorce papers Not such a Good Friday: Zara Tindall falls off her horse after negotiating a tricky water jump and has to be checked over by medical staff at an event in Norfolk 'She reminds me of Tana': Gordon Ramsay has a floor-to-ceiling picture of CINDY CRAWFORD in his home because he's convinced wife is her doppelgänger EXCLUSIVE: Paul Walker's brother Cody claims Fast And The Furious 9 'will be filmed and set in Australia' Called the decision 'long overdue' Diane Kruger commands attention in bright red blazer and patchwork jeans as she makes glamorous laundry run in New York She's just like us! Sugar Bear rips off his shirt in anger as he's cussed out by Pumpkin behind the scenes of Mama June reunion episode Flashpoint moment Jennifer Lopez, 47, shows off her age defying figure in thigh-skimming minidress as she prepares for her first ever show in the Dominican Republic 'Tired of seeing this s**t': Fans accuse model Shanina Shaik of 'cultural appropriation' after she debuts braided hairstyle for Coachella festival Harry flies to Toronto for Easter with Meghan: Love-struck Prince is spotted at his girlfriend's home just weeks after she paid him a visit in London  Derriere on display! Real Housewives star Joanna Krupa leaves little to the imagination as she dons skimpy bikini on beach in Miami Oops! Lena Dunham almost flashes too much flesh as she suffers wardrobe malfunction while filming in Brooklyn Outfit rode too far up her thighs as she walked Blac Chyna flashes her abs in form-fitting crop top as she steps out with a mystery male friend... after reuniting with Rob Kardashian Reportedly back on 'You are so perfect': Shirtless Justin Bieber sends fans into meltdown as he displays his new chest tattoos in latest social media selfie Jessica Simpson puts on a very busty display in form-fitting white top for dinner date with hubby Eric Johnson Stayed with friends for three hours 'You made us proud': Caitlyn Jenner sends well-wishes to transgender Survivor contestant Zeke Smith after the reality star is outed Abs-olutely fabulous! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts her incredible toned body in a tiny black bikini Posted on Instagram 'Youth is wasted on the young!' Lily Collins flaunts her toned legs in skinny jeans as she steps out with bold message emblazoned on her jacket 'I just joined the club': Kandi Burruss reveals she's been undergoing plastic surgery during a sneak peek of upcoming four-part RHOA reunion Seeing double! Kim Kardashian, 36, and Cher, 70, look like sisters as they cozy up at The Promise premiere Doppelgänger vibes Fergie reveals 'green goo' is the secret to her amazing M.I.L.F body at 42 'It's spinach, kale, celery, apple, banana, pear' says the star  Frenzied Harry Styles fans convince themselves forthcoming song Ever Since New York is a tribute to his romance with Taylor Swift She's Heard it's on-trend: Amber debuts bubblegum pink hair... as she's pictured for the first time since leaving awards bash early following an emergency Nothing's changed! Keith Urban's UNSEEN 1982 high school class photo sees the country singer sporting boyish looks and signature long locks LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian step out for romantic date night just days before six-year wedding anniversary Pair looked happy  Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck as they decide on 'amicable' split two years after nanny affair shattered marriage Has Prince Charles bought Cornwall's Brown Willy? Royal is tipped as new owner of the county's highest point after it sold for nearly $4m  'You can't put a gender on love': Kelly Osbourne discusses her sexuality saying she's 'open to loving anybody' Refuses to define her sexuality Leggy Natalie Portman hides her post-pregnancy figure in chic knitted coat as she enjoys romantic stroll with husband Benjamin Millepied Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick show off their 'co-parenting skills' as they take their three kids bowling The reality star turns 38 next week  Kate Beckinsale, 43, flaunts her age-defying body in dazzling white bikini as she shares photos from her sun-drenched family vacation Plane stunning! Chrissy Teigen shows off her lean legs with heavily ripped jeans and stylish wrap knit as she touches down in Los Angeles LA judge slashes Gotham star Morena Baccarin's $20K monthly spousal support to $5K... amid career uncertainty She's taken a hit  Coming to America sequel makes headway as Paramount hires original writers to pen script Paramount Pictures has hired the original writers  Mel B steps out in sporty ensemble in LA amid bitter divorce battle with estranged husband Stephen Belafonte Turned into Sporty Spice Russell Crowe, 53, keeps it casual in a T-shirt and jeans as he watches his beloved South Sydney Rabbitohs rugby team lose to Canterbury Bulldogs  Disco darling! Victoria Justice pays tribute to the '70s in silver shimmer mini dress at the premiere of The Outcasts She looked stunning  He's a cool dad! Bradley Cooper sports thick beard and blue shades in first public outing since becoming a father Happy times for actor  What a swell guy! Chris Hemsworth poses for selfies with fans after the Thor: Ragnarok actor enjoys a Good Friday surf in Byron Bay, Australia Yes she Cannes! Nicole Kidman leads cinema's elite with four different screenings ahead of the International Film Festival Mansion famously featured in The Big Chill finally sells for $1.76million, four years after it hit the market for $4.5million South Carolina property Late Carrie Fisher fondly remembered in touching tribute clip at Star Wars Celebration convention in Orlando Memorial to the iconic star of the franchise  Who needs boys? Little Mix's Jesy Nelson shows Chris Clark what he's missing as she hits Miami in a plunging bikini amid claims reality star 'dumped her' Bagged too many rays? Kelly Bensimon looks VERY tanned as she flashes cleavage at Most Powerful People In Media event Ex-Real Housewife star  'Joe gives me the da good good': Sophie Turner has some suggestive writing on her hand as she steps out with beau Jonas  Out in Beverly Hills  Zayn Malik's ex Perrie Edwards shows off her cleavage in a plunging white bikini top as she hits the pool in Miami with her bandmates on a rare day off Family first! Lisa Rinna and daughter Amelia Gray walk arm-in-arm as they enjoy precious bonding time together in Beverly Hills Quality time together Sharp dressed man! Matthew McConaughey and his 80s retro mustache get a visit from wife Camila on Ohio set of new movie Into character She's not shy! Victoria's Secret Angel Bridget Malcolm reveals her slender physique as she strips down to underwear in racy Instagram snap     DON'T MISS Painful secret of Madonna's new eyebrows: Pop superstar has $560 a time 'microblading' tattoo treatment  The price of beauty Make-up free Paris Jackson dons her free spirit style in vintage tee and army green leggings as she steps out in LA Went make-up free  She's a California Gurl! Katy Perry buys Beverly Hills mega mansion with infinity pool for $19M The property has five bedrooms, five and a half bathrooms  'Everybody in comedy is heartbroken': Dave Chappelle and John Mayer share poignant tribute to the late Charlie Murphy Shared their love  Julianne Hough gets the full VIP treatment at a nail salon in Beverly Hills as she cuts a slim figure in dark skinny jeans Pamper session 'Both things made my butt look great!' Sofia Vergara shares throwback in thong bikini... as she reveals 'trans-fats' and 'sun' helped back then 'I worked so hard to set that record': Ellen DeGeneres enlists Oscars selfie cohort Bradley Cooper in parody PSA to keep her retweet record 'Oh my goodness!': Kylie Jenner gets help from Caitlyn as she revamps glam room in $2.7m Calabasas mansion Showed off on Snapchat  Melania and Barron join Donald Trump at Mar-a-Lago for Easter: First Lady and son fly in on a separate plane as the president spends weekend in Florida Miami mami! Leigh-Anne Pinnock shows off her tiny waist and bodacious booty in a thong bikini as she makes a splash with Little Mix in Florida 'WHY ARE WE ALWAYS YELLING!?' Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson trade barbs in VERY profane teaser for The Hitman's Bodyguard Every curse word going! Ellie Goulding opts for understated style as she leaves New York City hotel with her new boyfriend, British Olympic rowing hunk Casper Jopling Strutting her stuff! VS Angel Taylor Hill shows off model figure in white tank top as she arrives at LAX ahead of Coachella music festival Joining the celebrities  Flawless! Charlize Theron stuns in thigh-skimming mini dress as she arrives at Jimmy Kimmel Live At the show's Hollywood studios  'It was a difficult habit to break': Hayden Christensen returns to Star Wars Celebration for first time in 15 years... and reveals his biggest shame Her breast assets! Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray goes TOPLESS while riding a quad bike and dancing with a female pal He'll blow the place up! Flame-haired Joaquin Phoenix fearlessly fills up his car at gas station in Los Angeles It was certainly a combustible formula. Pretty in pink! Frieda Pinto dazzles wearing sartorially on point pastels at Los Angeles premiere of Guerrilla The 32-year-old actress looked stylish  Furious Caitlyn Jenner blames Ellen DeGeneres for 'alienating' her from the LGBTQ community Transgender star slams talk queen in tell-all book Paul Walker's brother Cody arrives at Sydney Airport for a long weekend tour supporting late actor's disaster relief charity Supportive movement Biker chic! Sofia Richie rocks a racing jacket and big shades as she jets into LAX  Sofia Richie rocked an edgy but casual look as she arrived back in LA  New hair do care! Malin Akerman reveals new dark hair colour on Rampage set with Jeffrey Dean Morgan Billions star has a dramatic new do Oops! Ireland Baldwin suffers wardrobe malfunction as she falls over to reveal thong during LA photo shoot Model was exposed when her skirt flew up  Sheer beauty! Brie Larson wows in chic black gown with cutout lace panels as she attends LA premiere of Free Fire Showstopping Bounced back quick! Amanda Seyfried shows off slim frame just three weeks after giving birth to baby girl Proud to show off her slender frame  It begins! Kylie Jenner is among the first to arrive ahead of Coachella as she steps off her private jet in Palm Springs Eager to get partying 'I was a centimeter away from being completely paralyzed': Charlize Theron reveals near-horrific injury on the set of Aeon Flux  Very dangerous Justin Theroux can't keep his hands off wife Jennifer Aniston's pert behind as she poses in a thigh-flashing gown at the Festival Serie Mania in Paris Timeless beauty! Actress Rose Byrne dons a chic monochrome look at panel event for TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks 'My cutie!' Kim Kardashian shares adorable selfie while cuddling up with daughter North West Kim can't help but fawn over three-year-old  'Don't blame her!' Alec Baldwin defends Kendall Jenner over yanked Pepsi ad saying she's a 'very young inexperienced woman' Blame her manager A reason to smile! Eva Longoria looks radiant in comfy loungewear after visit to Anastasia Beverly Hills At 43, she looks just as she did in her twenties Sheer-ly amazing! Glamorous Julianne Moore wows in see-through lace as she attends a photo exhibit in New York 70 years of Cannes EXCLUSIVE: Malia Obama heads to work in a yellow tank top a day after Secret Service confronted man outside her office She kept her head down  Jennifer Hudson showcases her sartorial style in an elegant ensemble as she wows the crowd at filming for the Graham Norton Show in London Full of Glee! Lea Michele can't stop smiling as she wows in a fitted black dress on set of Extra to promote her album Detailed silver buttons  She's got her hands full! Zoe Saldana carries her son and a playmate during family outing with Marco Perego in Beverly Hills Having fun together  Working out girl! Melanie Griffith rocks straighter and blonder hair as she showcases long legs in yoga pants The 59-year-old actress was in a sporty vibe That's a bold look! Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi flaunts incredibly tiny waist and lean legs in skimpy frock Flaunted her assets  Ruby Rose is a lucky lady! The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso flaunts her petite frame as she poses in high-cut black lingerie  Looking fantastic  Mel B is all smiles as she hints at a new movie role while stepping out on to a film set in California... amid her bitter divorce battle with Stephen Belafonte Coachella vibes! Model Shanina Shaik shares throwback snap of herself wearing cheeky denim cut-offs and shaggy jacket at iconic California music festival 'He's a pistol!' Michael Douglas, 72, raves about the strong bond with his 100-year-old Hollywood icon dad Kirk Douglas Revealed he feels lucky to still have his dad Don't Breathe director Fede Alvarez to helm revival of David Bowie cult fantasy classic Labyrinth The director said he adores the original  Seder on the slopes: Ivanka Trump celebrates Passover with trip to Four Seasons Whistler resort while Jared Kushner heads to work in D.C. Child at heart! Ed Norton keeps low profile in hat and shades as he rides scooter alongside son Atlas in NYC The 47-year-old actor rocked a baseball cap  Play ball: Donald Trump Jr. and wife Vanessa head outside with daughter Kai and son Donnie for a game of catch in NYC Near their $5M pad Katherine Jenkins shows off her svelte figure in chic off-the-shoulder top and glam metallic trousers for date night with husband Andrew Levitas A sprinkle of Homeland stardust: F Murray Abraham works wonders in The Mentor Oscar winner is best also starred in TV's Homeland She's a little girl, Posh, not a commodity: SARAH VINE has a message for Victoria Beckham after she trademarks her daughter  A riposte to Posh  Sleepwear is streetwear now! Gigi Hadid wears sexy striped pajamas as she struts around New York City She sure got noticed Sibling revelry: Miley Cyrus enjoys hike with sister Brandi as she works on her fitness before mystery project Has not released any music since 2013 She's still the one! Shania Twain joins season 12 of The Voice as a mentor to the finalists She has been added to the lineup  Lana Del Rey oozes old Hollywood glamour in purple feathered coat as she graces cover of Dazed magazine Singer is seen in dreamy photoshoot  Broadway belongs to Bette and her Dolly! BAZ BAMIGBOYE sees the indestructible star give a rousing performance  Star wows in Hello Dolly! 'It gives me the sh*ts': Hugo Weaving says Australians are 'pathetically immature' about embracing their own culture and art Respected actor  EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire NHL team owner Daryl Katz slams allegations he offered Jane the Virgin star $1.5 million for sex claiming her husband made it all up 'I worked really hard to be taken seriously': Kendall Jenner admits she's worried about 'tarnishing' her model image in candid chat with Kylie Jenner 'I'm not going to put up with it': Khloe Kardashian and BFF Malika Haqq accuse each other of neglecting friendship for boyfriends Long-time pals face off  Elle Fanning sports retro shades and Nike sweater while filming scenes with Peter Dinklage for I Think We're Alone Now in New York Reese Witherspoon cuts a svelte figure as she starts her day off workout and a healthy green smoothie Wore Aztec-patterned blue leggings Ab-tastic! Lily Collins bares her extremely toned midriff in sports bra and mesh leggings as she leaves gym Leggings complimented her long legs Love-struck Harry flies to Toronto to spend Easter with Meghan Markle just weeks after she paid the Prince a visit in London  Long-distance romance Jessie J rocks a shiny bob as she dresses down for day out with pals in sunny NYC... after flaunting her newly taut abs in sexy bright pink bikini on holiday Kelly Clarkson beams with pride as she celebrates her son Remington's 1st birthday American Idol winner gushed with pride  Theme park therapy: Mariah Carey bonds with her twins at Disneyland after recent break-up from toyboy Bryan Tanaka  Superstar single again FEMAIL breaks down the maternity fashion formulas that pregnant celebs like Beyoncé, Amal Clooney and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley can't stop wearing 'I don't know what to do': Kim Kardashian bursts into tears when she receives call about Kanye West's breakdown in new KUWTK clip 'Her imperfections made her perfect': Billie Lourd pays tribute to mother Carrie Fisher at Star Wars event in first public appearance since icon's death She's sure got a lot of front! Emma Roberts wears very naughty boob T-shirt for sunshine stroll Scream Queens star knows how to turn heads Shoes, glorious shoes! Sarah Jessica Parker revisits her Sex And The City character while promoting her collaboration with Manolo Blahnik Hollywood legend Christopher Walken is frisked by security guard at Atlanta airport... after filming scenes for new movie The War with Grandpa Natural beauty! Karlie Kloss proves simple is stunning as she shows off svelte figure in tight white T-Shirt and jeans Timberland boots made 6ft 2ins star even taller On the market! Flip or Flop's Christina El Moussa single again after split from hockey player Nate Thompson Short-lived romance with Anaheim Ducks star  Yes she can-can! Tyga's topless ex Demi Rose covers her ample bust with just feathered pasties as she poses for racy burlesque-themed shoot 'It was a good landing!': Harrison Ford jokes about his taxiway blunder as he makes surprise appearance at Star Wars Celebration Teased about his flying  Twinsies! Rose McGowan and boyfriend Boots hold hands as they wear matching black on date night Going strong for five months now Survivor contestant Jeff issues groveling apology for outing Zeke Smith as transgender after shock moment is branded 'worst thing done in 34 seasons' Just in time! Armie Hammer reveals he nearly missed the birth of his newborn son due to surgery due to a freak accident Speaking to Kimmel  Sports Illustrated's Hailey Clauson sends temperatures soaring as she flaunts her toned abs and peachy posterior in nothing but skimpy briefs 'She's got blood on her hands!' Kelly Rowland's Whoa, Baby! book signing interrupted by anti-fur protesters Destiny's child singer was at New Jersey store  From fizz to frizz! Kendall Jenner makes bold comeback with big hair and strong eyebrows on cover of Harper's Bazaar after Pepsi debacle 'Get him off that floor now!': Jamie Oliver is scolded by his MUM on Instagram after sharing snap of smiling son River Rocket lying on the kitchen tiles PICTURED: Moment Matt Damon's daughter Stella, six, was stung by a jellyfish in Australia on vacation with Chris Hemsworth's family... as paramedics arrive Ellen DeGeneres and Portia de Rossi put LA condo back on the market for cut price of $7million Talk queen and wife selling off property Jet setting couple! Casey Affleck sports Seventies style mustache while flying out of LAX with his actress girlfriend Floriana Lima Meet Amy Boo Boo! Goldie Hawn plays pageant mom while Schumer is a toddler in tiara for hilarious new shoot Pair in new flick together Butler Has Fallen! Gerard Butler looks almost unrecognizable as he takes a tumble while filming scenes for new movie Keepers in Scotland 'They said they didn't dress people my size': Khloe Kardashian reveals stylists REFUSED to work with her before she lost weight Kim Kardashian flouts FDA warning to promote 'dangerous' morning sickness pill AGAIN - years after being pregnant Slammed in 2015 Miley Cyrus' 'nude snaps leak online as she falls victim to the same hackers as Emma Watson and Amanda Seyfried' Explicit images 'It's predictable and silly': Defiant Sienna Miller BLASTS Brad Pitt dating reports... amid claims the duo 'flirted all night' at cozy LA dinner date 'I get people mailing me their resumes': Better Call Saul's Giancarlo Esposito gets mistaken for real-life drug kingpin They think he's for real How to get a summer body in just SEVEN days: Bear Grylls reveals how to tone your entire physique in record time Fitness program PICTURED: Rachel Bilson and Hayden Christensen sell their breathtaking four bedroom home in secluded Sherman Oaks for $3.8 million Christina El Moussa 'threatening to sue' skincare company using her image to sell anti-aging cream without her permission Reality star not happy  Kate Hudson, Rosario Dawson and Dianna Agron join Miley Cyrus in growing list of stars targeted by hackers whose nude photos have been leaked online Was Gigi Hadid's controversial headscarf cover to blame for the editor of Vogue Arabia getting 'fired'? Princess Deena Aljuhani Abdulaziz is out of job 'I'd get eggs thrown at me for being black': Idris Elba reveals he felt the 'full whack of racism' as a schoolboy... as it's rumored he's set to be first black James Bond Dancing all the way to the bank! Emma Watson is set to become Hollywood's highest paid actress as Beauty and the Beast makes a whopping $1 BILLION Big little fans: Reese Witherspoon and son Deacon Phillippe cheer on the LA Clippers after Oprah reveals she was 'intimidated' by the actress  He's a super dad! Chris Hemsworth teaches daughter India, four, to surf during beach outing in Australia with Matt Damon's family Kendall Jenner will 'host Coachella dating party'... marking her first public appearance following 'embarrassing' Pepsi ad backlash International backlash 'In Louvre': Justin Theroux gushes about wife Jennifer Aniston as they cuddle up for sweet Instagram snap while continuing Parisian getaway 'I've learned a lot of lessons': Katy Perry sports platinum locks for the May cover of Vogue... as she says 'I wouldn't go back to my 20s' Victoria's Secret Angels Romee Strijd and Jasmine Tookes flaunt their rock hard abs and endless legs as they present What Is Sexy Awards Harry Styles unveils release date and tracklist of eagerly anticipated solo debut album with shirtless snap of him in pool of pink water Magic Johnson's daughter Elisa flaunts her sexy bikini bod in skimpy swimsuit as she packs on the PDA with her beau Anthony in Miami Beach Slam dunk! Venus Williams swaps tennis for basketball as she shoots hoops in plunging top and skinny jeans for commercial Ttraded in her racket  Matt Damon puts on rare PDA with wife Luciana Barroso as couple smooch on vacation with Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky That's cheeky! Elsa Pataky kicks husband Chris Hemsworth's behind in an attempt to get his attention as they vacation in Australia with Matt Damon From Vanessa Redgrave's take on refugee crisis to Tilda Swinton's animal exploitation drama: Is this the most politically charged Cannes ever? Booty-ful and promising! Kim Kardashian wows in skintight gold dress at The Promise premiere  Looked gorgeous at the star-studded screening Fallen Angel: Victoria's Secret model Chanel Iman looks sensational in a skimpy silver backless dress as debuts new rainbow 'do on night out  Jennifer Garner goes make-up free as she rocks a casual denim shirt and cute mini skirt while running errands The actress, 44, looked fresh-faced  'I have never felt this violated in my entire life': WWE Diva Lana claims 'inappropriate' TSA agents groped her at Boston airport Took to Twitter  Three generations! Caitlyn Jenner enjoys family day out with son Brandon and granddaughter Eva Slipped into a stylish blouse for playtime  Princess Diana's niece Lady Kitty Spencer looks worse for wear as she flashes her stomach and sips cocktails with friends at a bar in London  EXCLUSIVE: Beaming Janet Jackson emerges with baby Eissa for the first time amid claims she 'felt hidden' and craved 'more freedom' during failed marriage PICTURED: Inside Jared Leto lavish Hollywood Hills home as he re-lists the pad for $1.9 MILLION which boasts recording studio and giant pool Selena Gomez and The Weeknd go their separate ways after spending the night together at her Los Angeles home Romance going strong Real Housewives of Pennsylvania Avenue! Kim Richards reveals she once dated Donald Trump... but refuses to say if they slept together Doesn't kiss and tell  Lisa Rinna, 53, and her model daughter Delilah Belle, 18, look more like sisters in bikini snap The handsome family are enjoying a vacation in Mexico  'You're The Footy Show!' Vin Diesel LETS LOOSE with Beau Ryan as he promotes Fast and Furious franchise Is in Australia on promotional duty  Watch out there's a new Housewife in town! Socialite Tinsley Mortimer makes debut on RHONY as she returns to Big Apple after mug shot shame 'This has hit him hard': Mel B 'blocks' Stephen Belafonte from her $50 million fortune... after claiming he 'controlled' her finances during decade long marriage Queen Elizabeth hands out a traditional Maundy Thursday coin for each of her 91 years to seniors as she joins the Duke of Edinburgh for prayer service  Date night! Jennifer Aniston dons cleavage-baring maxi dress as she enjoys dinner in Paris with husband Justin Theroux Romantic evening  'I want people to know me a little bit more than as Chris' wife': Elsa Pataky talks about family life  in Australia and her plans to 'start working' Down Under Prince of Wales... and Transylvania? Charles could be given extra title (to add to the 16 he's already got) because of his promotion of the Romanian region  Selfie-obsessed! Nicki Minaj cannot get her face out of her phone in new video for Major Lazer's Run Up She won't stop sharing snaps for anything  EXCLUSIVE: 'She's got that southern charm': Dorinda Medley opens up about her relationship with new RHONY cast member Tinsley Mortimer  Charlie Chaplin's granddaughter Kiera looks casual but chic at star-studded Norman screening The sikent movie star's relative stole the show  Taking the plunge! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts cleavage in VERY low cut black pantsuit at premiere of The Promise Star turned heads  Sex Pistols' John Lydon looks worlds away from his hellraiser heyday as he shows off fuller frame in conservative outfit while out in affluent Malibu Serving style! Maria Sharapova looks sartorially savvy in chic blazer and flowing white blouse as she heads for dinner in Hollywood Honed her style game His leading lady! Jolly Christian Bale shows off elegant wife Sibi as they wear black to The Promise premiere He is the movie's leading man Chelsea Clinton and husband Marc keep it casual as they rock jeans while helping their kids Charlotte and Aidan into a car for a family dinner out Effortless beauty! Olivia Culpo is the classic girl-next-door while dressed in a simple T-shirt and jeans for day out in LA Any outfit looks fantastic Morrissey cancels Texas concert due to 'health concerns'... days after vocal struggles force him to pull plug on Arizona gig mid-performance Lady Victoria Hervey turns heads in a risqué sequined catsuit at The Promise premiere amid Mel B drama Fears she was secretly taped in threesome Olivia Munn's ex Aaron Rodgers had been making 'drastic changes' including working out with Nick Jonas instead of team amid split 'He called me a b**ch!' Iggy Azalea on why she rammed paparazzo with a shopping trolley in expletive-laden rant ... as rapper reveals she has a safe room Madonna's daughter Lourdes, 20, flashes the flesh in ripped shorts and flame themed crop top during spring break in Miami Still enjoying her trip 'You just don't do that to someone': Jeff Probst kicks out Survivor contestant who outed Zeke Smith as transgender Dramatically evicted  Melanie Griffith looks fabulous at 59 as she steps out in leggings for lunch with gal pal Rosanna Arquette Had a bite to eat with her partner in crime  Today's headlines Most Read Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically-chanting North Korean troops... Cops who Facebook live-streamed their day including bragging about 'shooting the sh** out of a dog,' dishing... Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and... 'He's not a jerk!': Fiancée of stock broker who 'stopped dating hot women because they are full of... Hollywood's Mr and Mrs Toxic: Alec Baldwin's new book reveals the true nature of the love-hate relationship... Adding insult to injury: United did NOT take passenger's bags off his plane after he was dragged off - then... Delta approves offers of up to $10,000 to flyers who give up seats on overbooked flights after United... BREAKING NEWS: Panic at New York's Penn Station as cops taser a man causing a stampede of passengers who... Man sues gay dating app Grindr after more than a thousand men turn up looking for sex at his house and WORK... Arkansas judge blocks the 'conveyer belt of death' execution of seven death-row inmates in a month EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's... The off-cuty cop who tried to take down Pulse nightclub killer: Bodycam pictures reveal first desperate... Fears grow for Nordstrom employee, 28, after she failed to arrive at a doctors appointment and her car was... Retired NFL tight end accidentally runs over and kills his three-year-old daughter Federal government reports deficit of $526 BILLION despite record-breaking income and payroll tax collection Actress tells how she was sexually assaulted and pushed onto subway tracks in terrifying ordeal... Could this missile one day nuke the west coast of America? Kim Jong Un unveils huge new ICBM at 'Day of the... As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago... Special forces raid, missile strike, cyber warfare or MORE negotiations: Trump's choices for dealing with... He knows he can't win but it would be an unimaginable humiliation for him to back down: In a deadly game of... Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92... ‘We will pulverize the headquarters of evil and ruthlessly ravage US troops’: North Korea makes menacing... 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the... 'I've rarely felt more fearful for the future': PETER OBORNE, the first journalist to visit the Syrian... Inside the world's most secretive nation: Journalist goes undercover to capture a side of North Korea we... Utah judge PRAISES Mormon bishop and calls him an 'extraordinarily good man' as he sentences him for rape of... 'Sorry but I backed over Tobey. He's dead': The heartless letter UPS driver left behind after killing... ‘Mark is why I’m walking’: Facebook’s Sheryl Sandberg says that CEO Mark Zuckerberg and his wife ‘saved her... What first impression does YOUR profile picture make? This AI system will help you find out MORE HEADLINES Hilarious moment two Jeep drivers get their own back on an ‘arrogant’ driver for parking across two spaces Hell unleashed: Pentagon releases new video showing the moment its Mother of All Bombs killed as many as 92 ISIS militants in Afghanistan... but terror group DENY any of their fighters died Christians in Philippines nail themselves to crosses and furiously whip themselves as act of penitence in Good Friday ritual EXCLUSIVE: Monkees star Michael Nesmith opens up about his 'drug-fueled bromance' with Jack Nicholson, how he cheated on his spouse with his best friend's wife and was paralyzed by a mysterious illness in new memoir His and Hers jets, paid for with YOUR tax dollars: Melania adds $100,000 to Trump's massive travel tab so she could fly separately to Mar-a-Lago with Barron, just minutes apart from the President EXCLUSIVE: Kathleen Biden sobs in court as she details the collapse of her marriage to Hunter but he's no-show as he stays home with his brother's widow who is now his lover  Putin’s ‘Father Of All Bombs’ is FOUR TIMES more powerful than Trump’s 'Mother Of All Bombs' that killed 36 ISIS militants in Afghanistan Instagram mommy-shamers accuse pop star Kelly Clarkson of child abuse for giving her two-year-old daughter sugar-rich Nutella Aaron Hernandez weeps as he is found NOT GUILTY in double murder over spilled drink in nightclub - but he's still in jail for life for previous murder Kim's war drums: Tens of thousands of perfectly-choreographed, fanatically-chanting North Korean troops parade through Pyongyang for Kim Jong Un on Day of the Sun amid threats of nuclear war Serving Navy SEAL, 42, has been moonlighting as 'Jay Voom' - a porn star with 29 films to his name - after falling on hard times  The Furred Reich! Furry annual convention cancelled amid community's bitter divisions over rise of alleged neo-Nazi Mr 'Foxler' and the 'altfur' movement Frail Yoko Ono, 83, raises a smile as she visits Central Park with her assistants and chats with a young man in her first public outing in months 'Give me a fork and a knife!': Terrifying video of grandmother dressed as her alter-ego Nelda the witch emerges as she gets THREE life sentences for child abuse EXCLUSIVE: Molested at age 10, dumped because of her weight by one boyfriend and threatened with a butcher knife by another, Ashley Graham reveals the demons that dogged her as she became the IT plus-sized supermodel in new memoir Shocking moment the roof of the world-famous Bellagio Hotel goes up in flames and closes down the Las Vegas strip Belle of the ball: Megyn Kelly poses with NBC colleagues Savannah and Lester then gives Fox News pal Sean Hannity a giant hug at media event as she says she is ready to return to work 'You are not safe for us': Muslim woman films Rome airport staff REFUSING to allow her on a flight to London while wearing a hijab and accuses them of discrimination after 'seeing nuns board in headscarves' 'An ear-splitting blast then it felt like the heavens were falling in': Afghan villagers describe the terrifying moment the US dropped the Mother Of All Bombs on ISIS terrorists  Incredible colorized photos of Abraham Lincoln's assassination conspirators revealed on the 152nd anniversary of fateful shooting BREAKING NEWS: Panic at New York's Penn Station as cops taser a man causing a stampede of passengers who feared he had a gun  The U.S. Mother Of All Bombs that killed 36 ISIS militants and took out IED belts, tunnels and caves in Afghanistan was simply ‘the best weapon to clear an obstacle’ in offensive against 20 terror groups, says Pentagon Angry father 'chops off a 15-year-old boy's PENIS and gouges out his eyes because he thought the teen was sleeping with his daughter'  Girlfriend sues her doctor ex after he slipped Plan B 'Morning After' pill into her drinks without telling her so she wouldn't get pregnant  As world is warned of war 'at any moment', Trump monitors escalating North Korea situation at Mar-a-Lago without his chief of staff or some key advisors Five-year-old boy is crushed to death at popular rotating restaurant after getting pinned between a wall and spinning table 'Do not jump because it WILL hurt': Golden Gate Bridge to get steel suicide prevention nets after more than 1,500 deaths MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Today's Tips Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions NFL Draft Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us NEWS Wife: Missing teacher "didn't want to face the consequences" Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://6abc.com/video/embed/?pid=1873622" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> The wife and daughters of the teacher accused of kidnapping a student in Tennessee are pleading for him to come home. (WPVI) WPVI Friday, April 14, 2017 12:49PM COLUMBIA, Tenn. (WPVI) -- The wife and daughters of the teacher accused of kidnapping a student in Tennessee are pleading for him to come home. Tad Cummins, 50, is accused of having an inappropriate relationship with 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas. The pair have been missing for more than month. They were last spotted by a Walmart surveillance camera in Oklahoma City on March 15, two days after they disappeared from Columbia, Tennessee. Jill Cummins reported her husband of more than 30 years missing after finding a note at home. "I think he left because he was so ashamed of what had happened. He couldn't face me or anyone. And he didn't want to face the consequences, and so he thought that was his only choice," she said. Jill Cummins says she thought her husband was mentoring Elizabeth, and her husband even took the teen to church. But, Jill says Tad was "friendly to everyone," so she didn't see any red flags. Jill has filed for divorce, but says she's still hopeful Tad will come home. ---------- Send a breaking news alert to Action News Report a correction or typo Learn more about the 6abc family of apps Related Topics: newsu.s. & world Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 WPVI-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Titanic Anniversary: Remembering the third-class passengers Suspected drug dealer charged in Montco death Police release video of Newtown Twp. vandalism suspects Good news, procrastinators: Tax deadline pushed to Tuesday Chaos erupts in Penn Station after Amtrak police Taser man More News Top Stories Lansdale fire under investigation, 1 rescued 2 killed after SUV hits parked truck on Roosevelt Blvd. ID'd Abington police search for missing Uber driver 3 injured in Delaware County crash Police release video of Newtown Twp. vandalism suspects Chaos erupts in Penn Station after Amtrak police Taser man Train stuck in tunnel between NJ, NY finally makes it out Show More Good news, procrastinators: Tax deadline pushed to Tuesday AccuWeather: Beautiful Holiday Weekend Suspected drug dealer charged in Montco death Runaway horse reunited with owner after getting loose in Philly Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez acquitted in double slaying More News Top Video Lansdale fire under investigation, 1 rescued Chaos erupts in Penn Station after Amtrak police Taser man 2 killed after SUV hits parked truck on Roosevelt Blvd. ID'd Runaway horse reunited with owner after getting loose in Philly More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions NFL Draft Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News PhiladelphiaPennsylvaniaNew JerseyDelaware Categories U.S. & World Healthcheck Consumer Community News Sports Troubleshooters Investigation Entertainment Politics Today's Tips Art of Aging 6abc Loves the Arts Station Info About 6abc/Contact Us! Action News Biographies 6abc Contests & Promotions TV Listings Jobs & Internships at 6abc Community Shows Watch Action News Online FYI Philly Visions NFL Draft Live Well Network Puerto Rican Panorama Join the Action! Send your pictures and videos to Action News! Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WPVI-TV Philadelphia
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Wife of Teacher Suspected of Kidnapping Student: 'I Love Him But I Don't Trust Him Anymore' Inside Edition April 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The wife of Tad Cummins, the teacher suspected of kidnapping a 15-year-old student a month ago, was joined by the rest of the fugitive's family as she described how he has betrayed her trust. Read: Teacher, Missing Student Spotted in Out-of-State Walmart Days After Disappearing “The Tad I knew is gone,” Jill told ABC News Friday. “It's very selfish of him to have done this to us so I’m mad part of the time and then sometimes I have this peace that comes from God and I do love him, but I don't trust him anymore." Jill Cummins, who has since filed for divorce, added that she can't understand what led to the actions of her husband, who vanished with 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas on March 13. “He was my everything," she said. "He was my best friend for 31 years. It was, to me, the perfect marriage. We had everything we ever wanted, two beautiful kids, beautiful grandkids, and I really truly believed that he loved me." Cummins’ daughter, Erica Osborne, 29, pleaded with her father to return home. “No matter where you are, Daddy, no matter what you’ve done, we just want you to come home," Osbourne told the network. "We miss you so much. We’re here for you, no matter what anytime, anyplace, anywhere." His daughter believes her father is running from his own ego and the humiliation he has brought onto his family. "He wasn't running away from us; he wasn't running away from our family, he was running away from his own shame," she said. Tad Cummins, 50, takes blood pressure medication and authorities believe there's a good chance his supply of the meds is about to run out. Read: Elizabeth Smart's Father Says Teen Who Vanished With Teacher May Be Brainwashed Pharmacists across the country are being asked to be on the alert in case Cummins tries to refill his prescription. The last confirmed sighting of Cummins and the teen was at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15, just two days after they fled Tennessee. Authorities are asking that anyone with information call 1-800-TBI-FIND and that anyone who sees a car with Tennessee license plate number 976-ZPT call 911. Tad Cummins is considered armed and dangerous. Watch: Teacher Accused of Kidnapping 15-Year-Old Student Is Running Out of Life-Saving Meds: Authorities Related Articles: See Mom's Shocked Expression After Giving Birth to 11-Pound Baby College Students Caught With Alligator in Dorm Room Woman Falls While Snapping Selfie on California's Tallest Bridge Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community How this Canadian woman catfished an NBA star and an aspiring model, almost ruining their lives 215 reactions3%76%21% Iraqi police fire at ISIS positions in Mosul and more: April 14 in photos 6 reactions14%86%0% 1996 Washington school shooter apologizes in his 1st remarks 668 reactions4%73%23% Former NFL tight end Todd Heap accidentally kills 3-year-old daughter while moving truck 50 reactions11%46%43% Immigration protesters arrested at Trump Tower and more: April 13 in photos 259 reactions4%70%26% Tensions ratchet up between North Korea and the United States 15 reactions8%53%39% 'Democrats' Taking Over the Trump White House? North Korea threatens 'nuclear thunderbolts' as US and China finally work together 785 reactions3%66%31% Sean Spicer Throws In the Towel 5152 reactions4%64%32% Here's How Much David Dao Will Make From United, According To A Lawyer 254 reactions3%76%21% Parade of satire: Puck magazine Easter illustrations from cartooning’s Gilded Age 17 reactions3%78%19% MOAB fallout from US Afghanistan strike 8 reactions14%33%53% Trump Considers More Military Action After Domestic Losses 1 reactions Aaron Hernandez found not guilty of double murder 3422 reactions4%69%27% North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade 428 reactions4%69%27% Teenage girl shoots her 15-year-old friend in car and dumps body beside Orlando road 77 reactions4%74%22% White House decides against releasing visitor records MichaelS: Lock this whole administration up! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Tennessee Officials Probing 381 Leads In Missing Student-Teacher Case Vishakha Sonawane International Business Times April 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Anthony Thomas, the father of 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas, filed a petition requesting a judge to allow him to question potential witnesses over the teen's disappearance.More One month after teen Elizabeth Thomas went missing, Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is probing 381 leads in the disappearance of the student suspected of being kidnapped by her teacher Tad Cummins, AL.com reported Thursday. TBI received 1,481 tip-offs on 15-year-old Elizabeth and 50-year-old Cummins, the bureau’s public information officer Susan Niland said, according to AL.com. Of these, 1,100 leads have been dismissed and TBI continues to investigate the remaining, Niland added. Law enforcement officials declared an Amber Alert in Tennessee and Alabama after Elizabeth disappeared March 13 and issued a warrant against Cummins for kidnapping and having sexual contact with the minor. Authorities received several tips on the pair’s reported sightings — of which, TBI confirmed one in Oklahoma City, where the two were captured March 15 on security footage of a Wal-Mart. The video came to light two weeks after Elizabeth and Cummins were spotted at the retail store. Elizabeth is a student at Maury County’s Culleoka Unit School, where Cummins worked as a health science teacher. The school fired him from the job after the alleged kidnapping. The Maury County District Attorney Brent Cooper urged the teen to call her family even if risked his investigation into the criminal case against Cummins, according to CBS-affiliate WHNT-TV. "We don't care if she calls to tell them, 'I'm happy, I'm with him. I'm happy and I don't want to come home.' At least then they'll know she's okay," Cooper said. On Tuesday, Cooper said Cummins left a note for his wife Jill Cummins on day he went missing — likely to mislead authorities. "If you look at it now after knowing what's happened, it's obvious the note was just an attempt to buy some extra time before his wife raised the alarm," said Cooper. "I would say that there's a decent chance that some federal laws have been violated at this point, and certainly there could be additional state charges depending what we can prove once they've been located." The district attorney also said Cummins is on blood pressure medication and should be in need of a refill. Pharmacies and doctors have been told be on lookout for the student-teacher duo. Separately, Cummins’ family urged him to return. “No matter where you are, daddy, no matter what you’ve done we just want you to come home,” Cummin’s 29-year-old daughter Erica Osborne said during an interview with ABC News on Thursday. “We miss you so much. We’re here for you, no matter what anytime, any place, anywhere.” Related Articles Court Case Scheduled In Case Of Missing Teen Elizabeth Thomas New Details Emerge In Tennessee Teen's Missing Case Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community How this Canadian woman catfished an NBA star and an aspiring model, almost ruining their lives 215 reactions3%76%21% Iraqi police fire at ISIS positions in Mosul and more: April 14 in photos 6 reactions14%86%0% 1996 Washington school shooter apologizes in his 1st remarks 668 reactions4%73%23% Former NFL tight end Todd Heap accidentally kills 3-year-old daughter while moving truck 50 reactions11%46%43% Immigration protesters arrested at Trump Tower and more: April 13 in photos 259 reactions4%70%26% Tensions ratchet up between North Korea and the United States 15 reactions8%53%39% 'Democrats' Taking Over the Trump White House? North Korea threatens 'nuclear thunderbolts' as US and China finally work together 785 reactions3%66%31% Sean Spicer Throws In the Towel 5152 reactions4%64%32% Here's How Much David Dao Will Make From United, According To A Lawyer 254 reactions3%76%21% Parade of satire: Puck magazine Easter illustrations from cartooning’s Gilded Age 17 reactions3%78%19% MOAB fallout from US Afghanistan strike 8 reactions14%33%53% Trump Considers More Military Action After Domestic Losses 1 reactions Aaron Hernandez found not guilty of double murder 3422 reactions4%69%27% North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade 428 reactions4%69%27% Teenage girl shoots her 15-year-old friend in car and dumps body beside Orlando road 77 reactions4%74%22% White House decides against releasing visitor records MichaelS: Lock this whole administration up! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / Wife of Tennessee teacher accused in abduction: ‘He’s totally betrayed me’ Wife of Tennessee teacher accused in abduction: ‘He’s totally betrayed me’ Posted on Friday, April 14, 2017 by CNN in National News Jill Cummins, the wife of the man accused of abducting a 15-year-old student, says she still loves her husband but she can’t trust him now. “It’s very selfish of him to have done this to us,” she told ABC’s “Good Morning America” on Friday. “I do love him, but I don’t trust him anymore. He’s totally betrayed me.” The comments came a month after police say Tad Cummins, 50, absconded with his student Elizabeth Thomas from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee. Authorities released surveillance video from March 15 that shows the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, but otherwise their trail has gone cold. The two disappeared March 13, weeks after a student reported seeing Cummins and Elizabeth kissing in a classroom. Cummins faces charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, and he has been added to the state’s Most Wanted list. Jill Cummins filed for divorce several weeks ago, citing irreconcilable differences and alleging that her husband was “guilty of inappropriate marital conduct.” She said Friday that she found out he was leaving when she found a note at home. “It’s kind of like a death because the Tad I knew is gone,” she said. Authorities have said Tad Cummins searched online about teen marriage, and that he and Elizabeth had exchanged romantic messages using the draft folder of his email. Jill Cummins said she believes her husband left because “he was so ashamed” and didn’t want to face the consequences. “I forgive him and I still love him, but it doesn’t mean that I could ever trust him again,” she said. “Because he betrayed my trust to the point that it’s totally broken.” Burglary suspect who mailed manifesto to Trump captured Burglary suspect who mailed manifesto to Trump arrested Related Posts Suspect pleads not guilty in NY bombing Los Angeles schools set to reopen after threat Frazier Glenn Cross found guilty of murder in Jewish center shootings 1 dead, 15 hurt in festival tent collapse Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Toggle navigation Welcome to Future Hub Stream Work Posts Contact us Sign In / Register Welcome to Future Work What is meant by precis writing FENUGREEK: Uses, Side Effects, Interactions and - WebMD Date: 2017-04-14 14:48 More videos «What is meant by precis writing» The Electoral College Was Meant to Stop Men Like Trump My Top 5 Favorite Preachers Today Disciple - definition of disciple by The Free Dictionary Biden said post-election “The family was broken, and I was more broken than I thought I was. How broken? I don’t know what I’d do if I was in a debate and someone said, ‘You’re doing this because of your son,’ I might have walked over and kicked his ass.” The Electoral College Was Meant to Stop Men Like Trump 6. A traveler was denied boarding by the airline when they tried to leave a foreign country. Do the airlines enforce American law now? My Top 5 Favorite Preachers Today There are some nice people in Weirton (and Cleveland, Detroit, or any of the other industrial ghost towns once inhabited by what Bruce Springsteen calls “steel and stories”). I’m sure there were even nicer parts of Weirton further away from the Main Street area where I was hanging out, but if you’re a stranger, it’s sure damn hard to find them. Not too far from the old mill, land was being cleared to make way for a new Walmart, a company which already holds the distinction of being West Virginia’s largest private employer. Disciple - definition of disciple by The Free Dictionary DiSilvestro RA, Verbruggen MA, Offutt EJ. Anti-heartburn effects of a fenugreek fiber product. Phytother Res 7566 75:88-96. View abstract. Great to hear from you Chris! I didn 8767 t include on my list, but he 8767 s another favorite of mine too. I think He 8767 s actually caused Macarthur some head-scratching the past few years. They are good friends, and Macarthur has been a regular at his conference now. Mahaney definitely 8775 Reformed Pentecostal 8776 . Blessings, Phil. If you wake up exhausted with way too much to do, we'd like to help you kickstart your day - with a bit of inspiration and a smile. Twitter boomed, and within an hour or two the story appeared in the New York Times, LA Times, Boston Herald, CNN, Maddow, and across the globe. Every one of those stories was based on nothing but that Facebook post. Reuters, the only outfit that apparently bothered to commit a minor act of journalism and reach out to Khan, was told by him no comment. All of the web 8767 s many experts on stuff became experts on passport law, immigration, naturalization, and visa lore. Amazingly creative theories of 8775 denaturalization of Muslims 8776 were concocted out of thin air. As a bonus, these articles will often use dramatic phrases like 8775 a clear and present danger, 8776 8775 be afraid. be very afraid, 8776 and end with an out-of-context quote from a Founding Father such as 8775 The tree of liberty without our vigilance will be upended by an orange man as darkness gathers. 8776 In February, numerous media outlets pointed out that Trump was spending on travel in a month nearly as much as what the Obamas spent in a year. This doesn’t even include the travel and security costs of Trump’s children or the cost of Trump’s wife and son remaining in Trump Tower in New York, at least for now, which is estimated to cost taxpayers hundreds of thousand of dollars a day. There are real things to be afraid of. Following the example set by the Obama administration, someone exposing classified information may be subjected by the Trump administration to Espionage Act prosecution, with the near-certainty of Federal prison time if convicted. «What is meant by precis writing» in pictures. More images «What is meant by precis writing». Contact | RSS feed | sitemap.xml © 2017 Welcome to Future. All rights reserved.
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoVRLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Wife of Tennessee teacher accused in abduction: 'He's totally betrayed me' By Eric Levenson, CNN Updated 11:07 AM ET, Fri April 14, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Wife makes public plea for husband to return Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Wife makes public plea for husband to return 01:32 Story highlights Tad Cummins is accused of abducting a 15-year-old student "The Tad I knew is gone," his wife Jill said (CNN)Jill Cummins, the wife of the man accused of abducting a 15-year-old student, says she still loves her husband but she can't trust him now. "It's very selfish of him to have done this to us," she told ABC's "Good Morning America" on Friday. "I do love him, but I don't trust him anymore. He's totally betrayed me." The comments came a month after police say Tad Cummins, 50, absconded with his student Elizabeth Thomas from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee. Authorities released surveillance video from March 15 that shows the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City, but otherwise their trail has gone cold. A month later: What we know (and don't) about the Tennessee abduction The two disappeared March 13, weeks after a student reported seeing Cummins and Elizabeth kissing in a classroom. Cummins faces charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, according to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation, and he has been added to the state's Most Wanted list. Jill Cummins filed for divorce several weeks ago, citing irreconcilable differences and alleging that her husband was "guilty of inappropriate marital conduct." Read More She said Friday that she found out he was leaving when she found a note at home. "It's kind of like a death because the Tad I knew is gone," she said. Authorities have said Tad Cummins searched online about teen marriage, and that he and Elizabeth had exchanged romantic messages using the draft folder of his email. Jill Cummins said she believes her husband left because "he was so ashamed" and didn't want to face the consequences. "I forgive him and I still love him, but it doesn't mean that I could ever trust him again," she said. "Because he betrayed my trust to the point that it's totally broken." Content by LendingTree 2017 mortgage rates hit 3.25% APR (15 yr.) Not enough people use this credit card payoff trick Refinance rates are near historic lows. Don't miss out. Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Veteran homeowners get a huge reward In 2017 Paid Partner Content Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth Trulia Hieronymus tell us why they're at the forefront of an analogue revolution Wallpaper What's your home worth? Find out here Trulia Go behind the scenes of the Lexus Design Award Wallpaper Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Trulia Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 45 Congress Security The Nine Trumpmerica Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Stars Screen Binge Culture Media Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z CNNVR How To Watch VR Archives More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     How To Find A NES Classic Edition In Stock On Easter Weekend Posted: Apr 14 2017, 6:04am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     Buy This Now On Amazon The Nintendo NES Classic Edition will be discontinued this month. Here is how to still find a NES Classic in stock. The Nintendo NES Classic Edition was released in November of last year. The demand for the retro consoles did not die out after Christmas. It continues to this day. Just before the Easter weekend, Nintendo changed the game for consumers on the hunt for a NES Classic. Don't Miss: The hottest Apple Rumors for 2017 Nintendo announced on April 13 that the NES Classic Edition will be discontinued. This is not a rumor. Nintendo released an official statement declaring the end of the NES Classic producution. The news sent reseller prices for the NES immediately north of $340. This is jump of $220. The Nintendo NES Classic reseller price is almost equal to the reseller offers of the new Nintendo Switch.  The supply of the NES Classic for Easter appears to be extremely constraint. iStockNow only reports only 34 Target stores having stock. Only plausible option to find a NES Classic is Amazon Prime Now. The NES has been available over the past hours in several cities. We will keep updating this NES Classic Shopping Guide throughout the Easter weekend with stock updates. Find below all options and best practices for shoppers to find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock on the Easter weekend. NES Classic Reseller Offers The NES reseller prices jumped by over $200 on April 13, following the announced that the NES Classic Edition will be discontinued. Reseller prices for the Nintendo NES Classic Edition are now starting at $330 on amazon.com and eBay.  Offers below $300 are now considered to be suspicious and are likely fake. Please avoid the fake low priced reseller deals on the Nintendo NES. These offers are a scam that lock up your cash. Read our report on the Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Amazon scam for details. The original Nintendo NES Controller has also risen in price to $59.99 on Amazon.com. This is now six times the regular price. There are plenty of 3rd party NES controller that sell for around $10. NES Classic on Amazon Prime Now Amazon has been offering the NES Classic on Amazon Prime Now almost daily throughout the past months. The retail giant makes small batches of the NES console available on its local delivery service since a couple weeks now. This is an obvious marketing campaign for Amazon Prime Now. Check the NES Classic listing for your Zip code on Amazon Prime Now. Shoppers can get notified about the NES Classic availability on Amazon Prime Now with iStockNow.  Amazon only allows one NES Classic order per person. There is strict limit on how many NES an account can order for a set period of time, at least 24 hours. Ordering a NES via Amazon Prime Now is though great, but its a hassle to spot one in stock and ready for order. It arrives in 2 hours for free in the cities where Amazon Prime Now is available. NES hunters have to refresh the search for the NES Classic for their ZIP code on a regular basis to spot the NES in stock. How to find a NES Classic Edition in Stock The NES Classic is sold online and in stores. Find below the specifics of the NES Classic availability for each major store. NES Classic at Amazon.com The NES Classic reseller prices keep stable. Reseller prices on April 13 start jumped to over $330, plus $3.99 shipping on amazon.com.  Amazon Prime Now has shown the NES Classic available in select cities for very short period of times. Check the NES Classic listing for your Zip code on Amazon Prime Now and refer to our NES Classic on Amazon Prime Now Shopping Guide for the latest availability. NES hunters also are keeping an eye on Amazon.es as NES supply in the United States has dried up. Cost of ordering a European version of the NES on Amazon Spain is reasonable. NES Classic at Target To check the inventory of local Target stores we recommend to use iStockNow and BrickSeek in combination. If both services say that the NES is in stock at a select Target store, the likelihood is higher that this is indeed the case. It is recommended to look for changes in the stock information over time. If a store had zero NES the day before and now shows 12 in stock, then again the likelihood is higher that you find the NES at that store now. NES Classic at Walmart To spot the NES Classic in stock at local Walmart stores we recommend to monitor using BrickSeek and iStockNow. If both services say that the NES is in stock at a select store, the likelihood is higher that this is indeed the case. It also is recommended to look for change in the stock information over time. If a store had zero NES the day before and now shows 12 in stock, then again the likelihood is higher that you find the NES at that store. NES Classic at GameStop The NES Classic was last in stock at GameStop online on March 17. GameStop only offered the NES Classic as part of bundles priced at $79.99. Inventory lasted about 30 minutes. The $79.99 NES Classic Edition bundle included the Miniboss Wireless controller. iStockNow provides in stock notifications for GameStop stores. NES Classic at Best Buy The Nintendo NES Classic was on sale online at bestbuy.com on Wednesday, March 29. iStockNow provides in stock notifications for Best Buy stores. NES Classic at ToysRUs Stores The NES mini has not been not in stock at ToysRUs stores and online shop in a long time. TRU is only selling NES accessories online. See also our Nintendo Switch Shopping Guide. Popular NES Classic Edition Accessories Original Nintendo NES Controller Nyko MiniBoss Controller for NES Classic Edition My Arcade GamePad Classic - Wireless Controller for the NES Classic Edition Ortz 10 Feet NES Classic Edition Mini Controller [TURBO EDITION] Cacly NES Classic Controller, approx. 6 Feet Long Cord 8Bitdo NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set with Bluetooth Retro Receiver Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) Controller USB Cable for NES Classic (Eliminates the Need for AC Adapter) Classic USB NES Controller for PC / Mac Pernos 2Pack 10ft 3M Extension Cable for Nintendo NES Classic Mini Edition Controller Ortz 10ft Controller for NES Classic Mini [TURBO EDITION] Buttons 8Bitdo NES30 Classic Edition Wireless Controller Set with Bluetooth Retro Receiver 10ft Extend Link Extension Cable For Nintendo Mini NES Classic Edition RDS Industries NES Classic Edition Carrying Case Nintendo Classic Mini: Nintendo Entertainment System (NES) Controller About the NES Classic The ability to mod the NES Classic and install an unlimited number of games has renewed the hype around the retro console. The latest version of hakchi2 allows NES owners to install over 800 NES games. A new hack even allows NES owners to run SNES games via an emulator.  The $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic Edition console launched on November 11 in stores and online. The supply was extremely constraint in stores and especially online. On April 13, Nintendo announced to stop production of the NES Classic Edition. The last shipments of the NES Classic arrive through April. The palm-sized NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. Nintendo NES Classic Sales Numbers The 80s retro console launched on November 11, 2016. As of December 31, 2016, Nintendo has sold 1.5 million NES Classic Edition. New official NES Classic sales numbers for 2017 are expected to be released on April 27. Read the latest Nintendo NES Classic updates. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Samsung Galaxy S8 Active in the Works as an AT&T Exclusive 14 hours ago, 11:01am CDT This Might Be Our First Look At The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 15 hours ago, 9:15am CDT The Reason Why Nintendo Discontinues the NES Classic Edition 15 hours ago, 9:15am CDT Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock on Easter Weekend 16 hours ago, 9:03am CDT Samsung Galaxy S8 Destroyed! 16 hours ago, 9:01am CDT First-Ever Image of Dark Matter Released 1 hour ago First-Ever Image of Dark Matter Released 1 hour ago Terpene is the World's Most Spoken Language 12 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT 5 Performances to Look Forward to at Coachella 2017 13 hours ago, 11:41am CDT This 3D Printed Patch Helps Patients Recover from Heart Attack 13 hours ago, 11:37am CDT Kendrick Lamar's DAMN: 7 Facts to Know 13 hours ago, 11:12am CDT 5 Cool Things About Star Wars Celebration 2017 14 hours ago, 10:09am CDT Next Xbox Leaked in these Images! 16 hours ago, 8:54am CDT NES Classic Edition Discontinued, Reseller Prices Explode 16 hours ago, 8:45am CDT Star Trek's Tricorder Wins XPrize Competition 17 hours ago, 7:35am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News NES Classic Edition Discontinued, Reseller Prices Explode 2017 iMac: Rumors, Features, Release, Price and Everything You Need to Know   Nintendo Switch and NES Classic Edition 2017 Unit Sale Numbers Are Due April 27 NES Classic Edition Stock Updates Technology News Samsung Galaxy S8 Active in the Works as an AT&T Exclusive 14 hours ago, 11:01am CDT This Might Be Our First Look At The Samsung Galaxy Note 8 15 hours ago, 9:15am CDT The Reason Why Nintendo Discontinues the NES Classic Edition 15 hours ago, 9:15am CDT Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock on Easter Weekend 16 hours ago, 9:03am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News First-Ever Image of Dark Matter Released 1 hour ago First-Ever Image of Dark Matter Released 1 hour ago Terpene is the World's Most Spoken Language 12 hours ago, 12:41pm CDT 5 Performances to Look Forward to at Coachella 2017 13 hours ago, 11:41am CDT More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Ryan Gibson Foundation gives $500,000 to Arkansas Children’s Research Institute UnitedHealthcare insurance plans will continue to be allowed at CHI St. Vincent hospitals Wal-Mart’s ongoing restructuring could cost more jobs as it retools for the future Walmart U.S. in price war with competitors, margins at risk but growth expected Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Circuit Court judge ruling will halt the seven planned Arkansas executions if not reversed Arkansas Supreme Court grants stay of execution to one of the seven Arkansas inmates to be executed Damien Echols, Johnny Depp attend anti-execution rally in Little Rock Drug companies say Arkansas may have improperly acquired lethal injection drugs Fort Smith Parks Director outlines $11.8 million in construction plans through 2022 Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Ryan Gibson Foundation gives $500,000 to Arkansas Children’s Research Institute Rogers planners to review Pinnacle Hills office building, Pleasant Grove restaurant Chuck Hyde leaving CEO post at Soderquist Leadership Wal-Mart’s ongoing restructuring could cost more jobs as it retools for the future Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Arkansas State Chamber CEO Randy Zook gives the session an ‘A-‘ TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Syria and the death penalty Former Arkansas Attorney General Steve Clark recalls first lethal injection Poll: Arkansans’ support for death penalty unfazed by upcoming execution schedule Senate Majority Leader Hendren says tax reform, highway funding linked Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail OOIDA takes case against ELD mandate to Supreme Court The Supply Side: Suppliers pushed for ‘best price,’ more in-store demos ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates Carriers merge to form a $6 billion company Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Chuck Hyde leaving CEO post at Soderquist Leadership Latest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Paul Gatling (pgatling@nwabj.com) 18 hours ago 147 views  Tags: Soderquist Leadership 0 SHARES Share Tweet Chuck Hyde, CEO of Soderquist Leadership in Siloam Springs since 2010, is leaving the leadership development organization to pursue other opportunities, effective June 30. Hyde, 47, told Talk Business & Politics-Northwest Arkansas Business Journal his successor at the nonprofit will be Vice President of Operations Lori Chalmers. Hyde said the organization has been working on the transition process for several months. “The reality is that the organization is in a really good place; it’s healthy and in a position of strength,” said Hyde, who joined the nonprofit in 2005 and assumed a leadership role in 2008, eventually becoming CEO in 2010. “Two years ago, I was too imbedded in too many things and we had not identified a successor, but today, I think we’re ready. Lori is ready. She is a tremendous leader and we have been preparing for this if the time ever came to be, and it has. When the organization is ready, and the successor is ready, and we can do it from a position of strength, it’s a pretty good time.” Soderquist Leadership is on the campus of John Brown University in Siloam Springs and has about 25 full- and part-time employees. The center provides leadership development to organizations of all sizes, from Wal-Mart Stores down to other local and regional companies and nonprofits. It was named for its founding executive, the late Don Soderquist, former chief operating officer of Wal-Mart and a 2010 inductee into the Arkansas Business Hall of Fame. He died last July from complications of heart surgery. He was 82. In 1998, Soderquist partnered with John Brown University president Lee Balzer to found Soderquist Leadership, focusing on Soderquist’s favorite topics — business ethics and leadership. The center has served more than 50,000 people in the last 19 years. In the aftermath of Soderquist’s death last year, Hyde recalled that he and Soderquist would often talk about the center not being too dependent on its namesake, in order to ensure its long-term success. “I think that’s one thing I am proud of, is that we have done that,” Hyde said. “We were not caught flat-footed without our founder. We had been working toward being able to ride the bike on our own, as I liked to put it. And it worked. To everyone’s credit. What Soderquist Leadership has become is well beyond Don himself, or me for that matter, and we worked hard for that.” Hyde noted the organization is doing more business this year than last. Overall sales revenue in the fiscal year that ended June 30, 2016, was up 18% from the previous fiscal year. “And we’re going to beat that again in this fiscal year,” Hyde said. Hyde said he is “very open” to what his next career move might be. Prior to his work at the center, he spent 12 years leading teams and strategic projects for Kimberly-Clark Corp. “I feel like I’ve had a unique and privileged run at Soderquist Leadership and I’m hopeful that experience can be leveraged in another role in a positive way,” he said. “Not everybody can do the things that I’ve gotten to do and meet the people I’ve gotten to meet. That uniqueness is not lost on me.” Chalmers, a member of the Northwest Arkansas Business Journal’s Forty Under 40 class in 2016, has worked at Soderquist Leadership for nearly four years, and was promoted to her current role in July 2014.  She previously worked at Ozark Guidance Center for nine years and was on the executive team there for four years. She is a licensed professional counselor and a nationally certified counselor. Chalmers said she is honored to be transitioning into the CEO role. “Chuck is leaving big shoes for me to fill,” she said. “I am most excited to be able to continue the work we do with our customers. We have the greatest customers in the world. The opportunity we have to be part of their growth and development journey is why we get up in the morning.” Chalmers said her vision for the future of Soderquist Leadership will remain the same. “We will continue to provide excellent leadership development for both for profit and nonprofit organizations,” she explained. “Our vision hasn’t changed. The core of who we are and who we have always been is to build great leaders. We anticipate an increased focus in the nonprofit community in the coming years, as we have always been passionate about the important work they do for Northwest Arkansas.” Comments comments Previous post Drug companies say Arkansas may have improperly acquired lethal injection drugs Next post Rogers planners to review Pinnacle Hills office building, Pleasant Grove restaurant Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Scott Cashion What we’ve done in the name of national security Gov. Asa Hutchinson Gov. Hutchinson: Legislative accomplishments and ‘greater milestones’ Latest Popular Circuit Court judge ruling will halt the seven planned Arkansas executions if not reversed 7 hours ago Arkansas Supreme Court grants stay of execution to one of the seven Arkansas inmates to be executed 8 hours ago Damien Echols, Johnny Depp attend anti-execution rally in Little Rock 9 hours ago Ryan Gibson Foundation gives $500,000 to Arkansas Children’s Research Institute 12 hours ago UnitedHealthcare insurance plans will continue to be allowed at CHI St. Vincent hospitals 14 hours ago Merchants beginning to take shape, secure space in 8th Street Market 3,564 views ‘Truck platooning’ soon to be seen on Arkansas interstates 2,379 views Poll: Arkansans disapprove of state legislature’s performance 2,243 views Fort Smith Director files theft report against Sen. Jake Files, Files responds 2,011 views Wal-Mart’s ongoing restructuring could cost more jobs as it retools for the future 1,958 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Analyst Opines Amazon Could Be Worth More Than Microsoft By Paul Ausick April 14, 2017 8:50 am EDT Print Email Tweet At the closing bell on Thursday, the market cap for Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) was $422.1 billion and the company was the fourth-largest U.S.-listed firm. The third-largest company by market cap was Microsoft Corp. (NASDAQ: MSFT) with a valuation of $501.9 billion. In a note to investors last week, Needham analyst Kerry Rice upgraded Amazon’s shares from Hold to Buy and set a price target of $1,100 on the stock. Amazon’s 52-week high is $923.72, a peak reached on April 5. Based on Friday’s closing price of $884.67, Amazon’s stock would need to appreciate by 24% in order to reach $1,100. With its current 478 million shares outstanding, Amazon’s market cap would reach nearly $526 billion at $1,100 per share. Microsoft’s market cap would need to rise more than 5% to stay ahead of Amazon’s. Both companies posted double-digit share price increases in the past 12 months, but Amazon’s increase of nearly 49% was more than double the nearly 20% increase in Microsoft’s stock price. Share price growth at both companies has slowed in 2017: Amazon’s stock is up about 18% for the year to date while Microsoft’s stock trades up about 4.5%. Needham’s Rice is cited at CNBC: “We believe Amazon’s established dominance in U.S. is sustainable with Prime, mobile penetration and third-party growth.” Rice expects Amazon to add 16% to its retail market share over the next five years, which would mean that the online behemoth would hold about 50% of all U.S. retail market share. From less than 20% of U.S. retail share in 2011 to 50% by 2021 — it’s no wonder that Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) is pouring enormous investment into its own e-commerce business. Wal-Mart claims about a 5% share of the e-commerce marketplace, in third place behind eBay Inc. (NASDAQ: EBAY) with an estimated share of 7.7%. If Amazon stock continues to rise at its year-to-date rate of 18% and Microsoft shares remain flat, Amazon’s market cap will catch up to Microsoft’s sooner rather than later. Amazon’s shares closed at $884.67 on Friday, down about 1.3% for the day in a 52-week range of $599.20 to $923.72. The 12-month consensus price target on the stock is $969.74. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Apple Wins Patent for Data Collection, Automation Scheme North Korean Economy by the Numbers » Read more: Technology, Analyst Upgrades, retail, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), eBay (NASDAQ:EBAY), Microsoft (NASDAQ:MSFT), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Drunkest (and Driest) Cities in America Countries Buying the Most Weapons From the US Government 50 Least Powerful People in the World 50 Worst Product Flops of All Time States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft Recent North Korean Economy by the Numbers Analyst Opines Amazon Could Be Worth More Than Microsoft Apple Wins Patent for Data Collection, Automation Scheme Fast and Furious Set to Become a Top 10 All-Time Grossing Movie Franchise Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search 2 Simple Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Faster Okta, Inc. IPO: What Investors Need to Know What Investors Missed in the Market This Week Baxter International Inc. says the Justice Dept has a criminal investigation into its IV saline sales Apple receives permit to test autonomous cars in California SEC freezes accounts behind alleged insider trading in General Communication Q1 Earnings Season Ramps Up Good Quality ETFs and Stocks for an Edgy Market Tesla (TSLA) Shares Gain as Musk Tweets New Car Details U.S. retail sales, inflation data highlight weak first quarter growth Apple receives permit in California to test self-driving cars: DMV Uber's revenue hits $6.5 billion in 2016, still has large loss 2 Simple Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Faster Okta, Inc. IPO: What Investors Need to Know What Investors Missed in the Market This Week Trump To Speak At NRA Convention — First President In 34 Years To Do So House Democrat Fact-Checks Science Committee’s Climate Nonsense Delta Now Pays Up To $9,950 If You Volunteer To Switch Flights Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Japan's frugal households offer no respite for BOJ, retailers Japan's frugal households offer no respite for BOJ, retailers Source : Last Updated: Fri, Apr 14, 2017 16:05 hrs Tweet Mail Print By Leika Kihara and Kaori Kaneko TOKYO (Reuters) - Naruhito Nogami, a 37-year-old systems engineer in Tokyo, drives to discount stores on weekends to bulk buy cheap groceries, even though he earns enough to make ends meet and the prospects for Japan's economic recovery are brighter. "I do have money, but I'm frugal anyway. Everyone is like that. That's just the way it is," he says. Kazuko Sato, a 50-year-old animation artist, also frequents discount chain Daiso, where most items ranging from groceries and bath towels to kitchenware sell for just 100 yen ($0.91). "I look for things here first, and if they aren't here then I go to the supermarket," she says, cradling a basket in the stationery aisle. "My job and salary are unstable so I need to be careful about my spending." People like them have prompted some companies to embark on sweeping price cuts, showing how tough it will be to eradicate Japan's deflationary malaise despite the improving economy. It also highlights a new paradox facing the Bank of Japan: a disparity between solid growth and stubbornly weak inflation. Top retailer Aeon Co is cutting prices for over 250 grocery items this month to lure cost-savvy shoppers, and Seiyu, operated by Wal-Mart Stores, cut prices on more than 200 products from February. "It's unthinkable for us to raise prices at this stage," Fast Retailing Co CEO Tadashi Yanai said after the owner of clothing brand Uniqlo reported flat revenue on Thursday. To be sure, many retailers say they are protecting their bottom line by offering not just discounts but high-end products. "It's not just prices consumers are looking at. They are just being selective," said Takaharu Iwasaki, president of supermarket chain operator Life Corp. But central bank policymakers are struggling to explain why inflation and wages remain so low even as Japan's economy enjoys its third-longest recovery since World War Two. "It's a new conundrum for us," one official said. "It just shows how sticky Japan's deflationary mindset is." DEMOGRAPHICS DRAG Japan's economy has sustained a modest recovery cycle that kicked off when Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took power in late 2012 and launched his "Abenomics" package of aggressive monetary, fiscal stimulus measures and structural reforms. A recent rebound in overseas demand has helped boost exports and output, pushing up business confidence to its highest in a year and a half, with companies upbeat on their spending plans. Encouraged by recent positive data, the BOJ is expected to offer a more upbeat view of the economy at this month's rate review than it did last month, people familiar with the matter said. The benefits of the recovery have yet to reach households, though, despite four years of heavy money printing by the central bank and fiscal spending packages. Real wages have been largely flat despite job losses hitting a 22-year low, as firms remain wary of raising wages. Core consumer inflation remained stuck at 0.2 percent in February, well below the BOJ's ambitious 2 percent target, as companies hold back on price rises for fear of scaring away cost-sensitive households. Japan's demographics are a key factor working against consumption. Nearly 30 percent of the population will be aged 65 or above in 2020, according to a government estimate. Living off pensions, elderly households are unaffected by any wage hikes and tend to withhold spending, analysts say. Miyako Minamizawa, a 65-year-old pensioner in Tokyo, says the recovery hasn't changed her life. "I don't feel like the economy is doing well," she said, adding she is dipping into her savings because her pension isn't enough to get by on. In the capital's upmarket Ginza shopping district, 72-year-old Shimako Naito said: "I used to often impulse buy, on quite expensive clothes and jewellery, but now I take my time and try and buy when things are cheaper." Inefficiencies in Japan's highly-protected farm sector have kept fresh food prices high and volatile. A weak-yen trend also hurt households by pushing up the price of imported goods. Food prices rose 1.7 percent in 2016 from a year earlier, even though overall consumer prices fell 0.1 percent. Households used 26 percent of their income to buy food last year, the highest level in almost three decades, leaving them with little left to spend on non-necessities. Food products topped the list of items that households spent more on, a quarterly BOJ survey showed this month, while households cut spending most on eating out, clothing and travel. Roughly 80 percent of households who replied to the BOJ's survey said they feel price rises are a bad thing, a sign the central bank has failed to convince the public of the benefits of putting a sustained end to growth-sapping deflation. Masayuki Yamamuro, 51, who works at a real estate firm, says he eats out less and is cutting down on spending because grocery shopping is becoming more expensive. "My salary hasn't risen. I want to buy a car, own a house or go travelling. But I'm not able to do that." ($1 = 109.1600 yen) (Additional reporting by Sam Nussey, Malcolm Foster, Minami Funakoshi and Ritsuko Shimizu; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 28310.00 (0.32%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 28700.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 28400.00 (0.71%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 28690.00 (0.24%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 27800.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 27650.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 28220.00 (0.57%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 42731.00 (0.44%) more talking point on sify finance Latest News How Pakistani media reacted to Khulbhushan Jadhav's sentence Both cow vigilantism and the Lal Masjid protests threaten the State Farmers protest: Tamil Nadu's selective rage The twists and turns in Chennai's R K Nagar by-polls Stop legitimising vigilantism and cultural cleansing Cow vigilantism strikes again - claiming lives and livelihoods Should taxpayers foot Arvind Kejriwal's legal fees? India: Where racism meets the mob More About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Japan's frugal households offer no respite for BOJ, retailers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone Japan's frugal households offer no respite for BOJ, retailers JAPAN-ECONOMY-PRICES:Japan's frugal households offer no respite for BOJ, retailersReuters | Apr 14, 2017, 03.55 PM IST By Leika Kihara and Kaori Kaneko TOKYO (Reuters) - Naruhito Nogami, a 37-year-old systems engineer in Tokyo, drives to discount stores on weekends to bulk buy cheap groceries, even though he earns enough to make ends meet and the prospects for Japan's economic recovery are brighter. "I do have money, but I'm frugal anyway. Everyone is like that. That's just the way it is," he says. Kazuko Sato, a 50-year-old animation artist, also frequents discount chain Daiso, where most items ranging from groceries and bath towels to kitchenware sell for just 100 yen ($0.91). "I look for things here first, and if they aren't here then I go to the supermarket," she says, cradling a basket in the stationery aisle. "My job and salary are unstable so I need to be careful about my spending." People like them have prompted some companies to embark on sweeping price cuts, showing how tough it will be to eradicate Japan's deflationary malaise despite the improving economy. It also highlights a new paradox facing the Bank of Japan: a disparity between solid growth and stubbornly weak inflation. Top retailer Aeon Co is cutting prices for over 250 grocery items this month to lure cost-savvy shoppers, and Seiyu, operated by Wal-Mart Stores, cut prices on more than 200 products from February. "It's unthinkable for us to raise prices at this stage," Fast Retailing Co CEO Tadashi Yanai said after the owner of clothing brand Uniqlo reported flat revenue on Thursday. To be sure, many retailers say they are protecting their bottom line by offering not just discounts but high-end products. "It's not just prices consumers are looking at. They are just being selective," said Takaharu Iwasaki, president of supermarket chain operator Life Corp. But central bank policymakers are struggling to explain why inflation and wages remain so low even as Japan's economy enjoys its third-longest recovery since World War Two. "It's a new conundrum for us," one official said. "It just shows how sticky Japan's deflationary mindset is." DEMOGRAPHICS DRAG Japan's economy has sustained a modest recovery cycle that kicked off when Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took power in late 2012 and launched his "Abenomics" package of aggressive monetary, fiscal stimulus measures and structural reforms. A recent rebound in overseas demand has helped boost exports and output, pushing up business confidence to its highest in a year and a half, with companies upbeat on their spending plans. Encouraged by recent positive data, the BOJ is expected to offer a more upbeat view of the economy at this month's rate review than it did last month, people familiar with the matter said. The benefits of the recovery have yet to reach households, though, despite four years of heavy money printing by the central bank and fiscal spending packages. Real wages have been largely flat despite job losses hitting a 22-year low, as firms remain wary of raising wages. Core consumer inflation remained stuck at 0.2 percent in February, well below the BOJ's ambitious 2 percent target, as companies hold back on price rises for fear of scaring away cost-sensitive households. Japan's demographics are a key factor working against consumption. Nearly 30 percent of the population will be aged 65 or above in 2020, according to a government estimate. Living off pensions, elderly households are unaffected by any wage hikes and tend to withhold spending, analysts say. Miyako Minamizawa, a 65-year-old pensioner in Tokyo, says the recovery hasn't changed her life. "I don't feel like the economy is doing well," she said, adding she is dipping into her savings because her pension isn't enough to get by on. In the capital's upmarket Ginza shopping district, 72-year-old Shimako Naito said: "I used to often impulse buy, on quite expensive clothes and jewellery, but now I take my time and try and buy when things are cheaper." Inefficiencies in Japan's highly-protected farm sector have kept fresh food prices high and volatile. A weak-yen trend also hurt households by pushing up the price of imported goods. Food prices rose 1.7 percent in 2016 from a year earlier, even though overall consumer prices fell 0.1 percent. Households used 26 percent of their income to buy food last year, the highest level in almost three decades, leaving them with little left to spend on non-necessities. Food products topped the list of items that households spent more on, a quarterly BOJ survey showed this month, while households cut spending most on eating out, clothing and travel. Roughly 80 percent of households who replied to the BOJ's survey said they feel price rises are a bad thing, a sign the central bank has failed to convince the public of the benefits of putting a sustained end to growth-sapping deflation. Masayuki Yamamuro, 51, who works at a real estate firm, says he eats out less and is cutting down on spending because grocery shopping is becoming more expensive. "My salary hasn't risen. I want to buy a car, own a house or go travelling. But I'm not able to do that." ($1 = 109.1600 yen) (Additional reporting by Sam Nussey, Malcolm Foster, Minami Funakoshi and Ritsuko Shimizu; Editing by Ian Geoghegan) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web 10 TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Stars CRITICSUNION 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer 4 Big Retirement Regrets That You Should Avoid Extra Mile More from The Times of India Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Indian-American enters governor's race in New Jersey From the Web More From The Times of India 10 TV Stars Who Makre More Money Than Bollywood ActorsCRITICSUNION Watch: What To Do During An Asthma AttackHealthiNation What Could Be Causing Your ED?WebMD Go Mobile: Today's Workforce Demands ItMitel She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly LK Advani cancels meeting with Arvind Kejriwal Vinod Khanna hospitalised Kapil's alleged ex goes off twitter OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular US drops biggest non-nuclear bomb in Afghanistan targeting ISIS caves Petrol, diesel prices to change every day from May 1 Is Sunil Grover hinting at Kapil Sharma with his latest 'shoe' picture? Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Top 15 cleanest beaches in Florida Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas Infosys spooks D-Street: Nifty, Sensex end in red Markets see worst weekly loss in 2017 after Infosys disappointed with 2.83 per cent drop in consolidated net profit at Rs 3,603 crore for the quarter ended March 31 compared with Rs 3,708 crore posted for the sequential quarter ended December 31, 2016. Infosys doing very well in cash flow generation: Vishal Sikka Infosys CEO Vishal Sikka was cautious at the customary media conference post March quarter earnings. He claimed the IT major was doing well on all segments, especially in the new businesses, but a seasonally soft quarter affected the company’s performance. From around the Web Top (5) Local Solar Companies Checkout Best & Worst Reviews. BestCompany Sponsored Ads Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Actors CRITICSUNION Kathie Lee Gifford's Career Away From The Cameras Wonky Walrus More From The Times of India Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister Show sporting spirit in real life also: SC to Paes Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle Read MoreWengerWal-Mart StoresWal-MartUniqloTokyo Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners California judge to hear arguments on sanctuary city order Italy's Alitalia, unions agree preliminary deal in last-ditch talks Abbott Laboratories to buy Alere for $4.4 bln - FT Credit Suisse cuts bonuses for top execs by 40 percent amid shareholder protest 1Japan's frugal households offer no respite for BOJ, retailers 2California judge to hear arguments on sanctuary city order 3Italy's Alitalia, unions agree preliminary deal in last-ditch talks 4Abbott Laboratories to buy Alere for $4.4 bln - FT 5Credit Suisse cuts bonuses for top execs by 40 percent amid shareholder protest Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Kulbhushan Jadhav Mamata Banerjee Baisakhi 2017 Live: PM Modi in Nagpur KKR Vs KXIP  US bombs Afganistan MOAB Yogi Adityanath Afghanistan Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Champions League DD vs RPS Jio Dhan Dhana Dhan Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Mister Review Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Yogi Adityanath IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Nanjangud bypoll SRH vs MI Mister Review xXx Begum Jaan Review Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Cape May beach cam in New Jersey Kittens nap and play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Penguin cam at the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, Fla. Live look at the beach surf in Belmar, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out More The wife and daughters of Tad Cummins, suspected of kidnapping 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas, ask Cummins to come home in an exclusive interview with ABC News. 6:40 | 04/14/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out half hour with an ABC news exclusive. The wife and daughters of the teacher accused of kidnapping a student, that family is is going public pleading for him to come home. ABC's Eva pilgrim sat down with that family. Good morning, Eva. Reporter: Good morning, robin. These two have been missing for a month. Investigators say they have no idea where they can be. This morning tad Cummins' family says they just want him to come home. We had everything we ever wanted and I really truly believe that he loved me. Reporter: This morning the wife of the Tennessee teacher on the run accused of kidnapping his 15-year-old student is breaking his silence. I go from feeling so hurt I can't function to really mad. It's very selfish of him to have done this to us so I'm mad part of the time and then sometimes I have this peace that comes from god and I do love him, but I don't trust him anymore. He's totally betrayed my. Reporter: 50-year-old tad Cummins is accused of having an inappropriate relationship with 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas. The pair missing for more than a month last spotted by this Walmart surveillance camera in Oklahoma City on March 15th. Two days after they disappeared from Columbia, Tennessee, almost 700 miles away. Kind of like a death because the tad I knew is gone. Reporter: Jill Cummins reported her husband of more than 30 years missing after finding a note at home. Did you realize all of a sudden that he had been lying about everything. At that moment then I knew that it was all a lie. Reporter: Jill thought her husband was mentoring Elizabeth. She and her husband even taking the teen to church. She would come to him with her problems about her past. I think it's a question that a lot of people have. They see that you knew her, that you interacted with them then they say how did she not know something was up. I think a lot of people didn't know. He was friendly with everyone. I mean, a caring person. Reporter: Investigators say tad Cummins planned his escape search and rico searching age of consent and how to marry a teen. The two are staying out of the public eye. Did you ever hear him talking about being off the grid or -- We used to watch TV shows together about that sort of thing. Did he even have camping gear? Not really. A little bit but he didn't take it with him. Reporter: The car they were last seen in this silver think San SUV. His wife's car he took. Why do you think he left? I think he left because he was so ashamed of what had happened. He couldn't face me or anyone and he didn't want to face the consequences and so he thought that was his only choice. Was just to leave. Reporter: Tad Cummins didn't just leave behind his wife, he also left behind his two children. His daughter Erica says she saw her dad the night before he disappeared. He looked in my eyes and went on like Normal. Reporter: His daughters with a message for their dad this morning. There's one thing that he has reminded us for our entire life and that's Romans 8:28 and that is god uses all things for the glory of those that love the lord and are called according to his purposes. And that means even this. No matter where you are, daddy, no matter what you've done we just want you to come home. We miss you so much. We're here for you no matter what anytime, anyplace, anywhere. Reporter: While his wife has now filed for divorce she says she is hopeful he will come home. Do you still love him? Of course, I love him. I forgive him and I still love him but that doesn't mean I could ever trust him again because he betrayed my trust to a point that is totally broken. Reporter: His family is hopeful that he will see their message and that both will return safely. They are hopeful that this will end peacefully, robin. We all do, all right, Eva, thank you. We will bring in Brad Garrett. He's joining us from Washington. And it's been more than a month now since the two have been since they disappeared. Should authorities change their search tactics if they haven't done so already? The problem, robin, in high-profile cases is you are flooded with leads that are worthless. And I think they have like 1400 leads. They've maybe narrowed those down to 300 plus and so you start whittling away, but if you don't have a direction of flight and you don't have any hook, a hook like a telephone call, an e-mail message, a text, Instagram, you name it, that will pull investigators a particular direction, you know, geographically, you're a bit stuck. So, where do you go? You go to where tad has a history. Whether it's in this country or someplace else and you look to see if possibly they have moved in that direction. You have one flight direction obviously to Oklahoma, but that's now a month old so it's really a big problem, I will tell you, in narrowing the search. That search, you said, yes, they were spotted at that Walmart in Oklahoma but other than that they have not been seen and there have not been hits on their credit card or bank withdrawal. How do you think they've been able to stay off the grid. A number of ways. Did tad prelocate, food, shelter, et cetera. He took $4,000 or $5,000 with him. That's not going to last very long. So, the sense is in my mind they have gotten to some location, whether that be to the west in the United States, could they have gotten into Mexico or Canada? Of course, they could have. There are remote places you can cross without going through customs and border protection. And at some point you need food. You need shelter, all these things involve other people and so that is the hope they'll be spotted somewhere, right? Robin, that's what catches fugitives. We all need those three things and our ability to reach out in this fugitive capacity is very limited because somebody is going to spot us, so, you know, eventually assuming this is not ended badly, I'm hoping that's not the case that they'll be found in we're all hoping that it hasn't ended badly. Brad, thank you very much. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out A month after 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas allegedly disappeared with Tad Cummins, his wife says he left her a note. Now Playing: Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out Now Playing: Family of missing Tennessee teen files legal petition against alleged kidnapper Now Playing: 'GMA' Hot List: Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student pleads for their safe return Now Playing: Dog gifted too small doggie bed gets one that actually fits Now Playing: How to make almond crunch for Passover Now Playing: Josh Groban opens up about his Broadway debut Now Playing: 24 people stranded on roller coaster in Maryland Now Playing: Goldie Hawn says Amy Schumer fought to cast her in 'Snatched' Now Playing: Comedian Tig Notaro accuses 'SNL' of plagiarism Now Playing: Josh Groban and the cast of 'The Great Comet' perform live on 'GMA' Now Playing: Ernie Johnson discusses his new book 'Unscripted' Now Playing: North Korea responds to Trump, rising tensions with the US Now Playing: Geoff Stults dishes on 'Unforgettable' Now Playing: Mark Hamill talks 'Star Wars' Celebration Now Playing: Jennifer Garner officially files for divorce from Ben Affleck Now Playing: Transgender contestant outed on 'Survivor' Now Playing: Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out Now Playing: United Airlines passenger's daughter, attorney describe his injuries Now Playing: Wisconsin fugitive in custody after over weeklong manhunt Now Playing: Bellagio Hotel fire temporarily closes Las Vegas strip Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46794179,"title":"Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out","duration":"6:40","description":"The wife and daughters of Tad Cummins, suspected of kidnapping 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas, ask Cummins to come home in an exclusive interview with ABC News.","url":"/GMA/video/family-teacher-accused-kidnapping-student-speaks-46794179","section":"GMA","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News 2017-2022 Loose Furniture Report on United States and Global Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications This report studies the Loose Furniture on United States and global market, focuses on the top players in US market and also the market status and outlook by type and application. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Loose Furniture in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Middle East and Africa Get discount copy at www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=105542… The major players in United States Loose Furniture market include Ashley Furniture, IKEA, Steelcase, Williams-Sonoma, 9to5 Seating, Amazon, ATG Stores, AFC Systems, Bed Bath & Beyond, Berco Furniture Solutions, Okamura, Otto, Sears Holdings, Steinhoff International, Target, Tesco, Walmart, Wayfair, ROHR-Bush, Las. The On the basis of product, the Loose Furniture market is primarily split into Chairs Tables Upholstery Storage Others On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Household Use Commercial Use Others Table of Contents 2017-2022 Loose Furniture Report on United States and Global Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications 1 Methodology and Data Source 1.1 Methodology/Research Approach 1.1.1 Research Programs/Design 1.1.2 Market Size Estimation 1.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 1.2 Data Source 2.1.1 Secondary Sources 2.1.2 Primary Sources 1.3 Disclaimer 2 Loose Furniture Market Overview 2.1 Loose Furniture Product Overview 3 United States Loose Furniture Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 3.1 United States Loose Furniture Sales (K Sets) and Share by Players (2012-2017) 3.2 United States Loose Furniture Revenue (Million USD) and Share by Players (2012-2017) 3.3 United States Loose Furniture Average Price (USD/Set) by Players (2012-2017) Get Free Research Summary Of The Repot: www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=105542… 4 Global Loose Furniture Market Comparison by Regions 4.2 Global Loose Furniture Sales (K Sets) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 4.3 Global Loose Furniture Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 4.3 Global Loose Furniture Sales (K Sets), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4.5 North America Loose Furniture Sales (K Sets), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Set) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) About Us : QYresearchreports.com delivers the latest strategic market intelligence to build a successful business footprint in China. Our syndicated and customized research reports provide companies with vital background information of the market and in-depth analysis on the Chinese trade and investment framework, which directly affects their business operations. Contact US: Brooklyn, NY 11230 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-518-618-1030 Email: sales@qyresearchreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cross Flow Membrane Market to Grow at 6.98% CAGR to 2021: Analysis of Key Players, Trends, Drivers, & Challenges Next PostNext 2017-2022 Mesalazine Report on United States and Global Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications Search Recent Posts El Equipo Catarí se Coronó Campeón de la Cuarta Edición del Campeonato Universitario Internacional de Debate Árabe Meisterkrone für das Team von Katar bei der vierten International Universities Arabic Debating Championship Turkish Journalists Acquitted After Six Years on Trial Based on Arsenal Consulting’s Digital Forensics FBI Seeking Public Assistance Locating Kelechi Declan James, Offering $1,000 Reward for Information That Leads to Arrest Yukio Kanao Named General Manager of Imperial Hotel, Tokyo Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Border Adjustable Tax Another Way to Grow Government Since President Trump was elected, the stock market has been doing well. Many attribute the performance to optimism about fundamental tax reform, in particular, the destructive corporate income tax system. RELATED ARTICLES MORE ARTICLES BY There are good reasons to be optimistic. You’d be hard-pressed to find anyone who thinks the corporate income tax system doesn’t need fundamental changes. Until recently there was a widespread and bipartisan consensus about the need to address the problem. At 35 percent, the U.S. has the highest corporate rate of all wealthy nations. Unlike most of our competitors, we also have a worldwide tax system. This means Uncle Sam taxes income earned by companies overseas, income already subject to tax if they bring it back to the United States. This has created a highly uncompetitive environment for U.S. companies doing business at home and abroad. In the wake of the election, Republicans had a golden opportunity to enact long-cherished reforms. This optimism overlooked the Republicans’ incredible tendency to make self-defeating decisions. Rather than being well on their way to passing a tax reform plan that would grow the economy and simplify the tax code, momentum has been dissipated in a counterproductive fight over a „border-adjustable” provision being pushed by House Republicans as part of a new 20 percent tax on businesses. This provision of the Better Way Plan, which otherwise promotes growth and reduces penalties against work, savings and investment, disallows any deductions for imports (which is the same as levying a tax) and eliminates all taxes on revenue generated by exports. It feels like export mercantilism because it is another attempt to hammer imports while promoting exports. Its proponents have admitted they hoped it would dissuade the president to impose more punishing tariffs. The immediate result is the dividing of the business community, which surely would be unified in support of a GOP plan absent the border adjustable tax. The usual beneficiaries of other pro-export corporate welfare policies, like Boeing and GE, are, not surprisingly, cheering the measure. American retailers who rely heavily on imports are lined up against it. A company the size of Walmart might stomach the extra cost but small businesses with razor-sharp profit margins may not survive the change. There is also the risk of increasing consumer prices to offset the impact of the import tax, although proponents claim the value of the dollar will automatically rise in value and neutralize the impact on trade. Ways and Means Committee Chair Kevin Brady (R-TX) recently told Politico Pro, „I’m confident that the currency does adjust very efficiently and quickly, which avoids consumer price impacts. Indeed, friction-free economic textbook models predict the dollar will adjust perfectly and immediately to offset the pain of the new tax. In the real world, where different actors react in anticipation of future policies, where adjustments may not be instantaneous, where politicians often mess up the implementation and the management of tax policy, the outcome can be quite different. Empirical studies done by my colleagues and I have found something less than perfection. As for the final result, no one really knows for sure. This uncertainty is reflected in recent comments by Federal Reserve Chairman Janet Yellen during testimony to Congress. She said, „The problem is there’s great uncertainty about how in reality markets would really respond to these changes … A strong set of assumptions is needed to believe that markets would fully offset those changes. … It’s very difficult to know just what would happen.” No other country has a border-adjustable corporate income tax, compounding the uncertainty. You wouldn’t know it listening to BAT proponents regurgitating misleading soundbites suggesting other countries have border-adjustable taxes. What they are talking about is the Value-Added-Tax (VAT), levies on top of corporate income taxes. Based on their economic performance and the size of their governments, these are not the countries advocates of free markets should try to emulate on tax policy. The border tax is the brainchild of economist Alan Auerbach, former adviser to former presidential candidate John Kerry. Auerbach first presented the idea in a 1997 paper, The Future of Fundamental Tax Reform. He revisited it for the Center for American Progress/The Hamilton Project in 2010, openly arguing for the end of tax competition and lower tax rates to relieve the pressure on politicians. Many ideas for making government more efficient emanate from the left, but they are never, ever about making government smaller. Nor do they protect taxpayers from the abuse of Uncle Sam. Some economists are already making the case that this tax is so efficient and distortion-free (as if such a thing exists) that the rate should be much higher than 20 percent. It has been remarkable to see so many conservatives and Republicans fighting hard for this plan. Also interfering in a perfect currency adjustment is the fact that the World Trade Organization will likely challenge the tax as discriminatory. And indeed it does add some distortions to the current system. The WTO poses another real risk: the possibility that the United States would adopt a dreaded big government VAT. A future Elizabeth Warren administration would only be happy to transform the BAT into a VAT and in a matter of time revive a corporate tax to drop on top of our VAT. I believe many proponents would not support the BAT proposal if they didn’t see it as the way to pay for the other very good aspects of the Republican blueprint. Scores of the plan have shown none of the economic growth comes from the BAT. But it would raise $1.1 trillion to pay for pro-growth features like lower rates, full expensing and a move to a territorial system. That’s important to BAT advocates now that Republicans must use the reconciliation process to push tax reform through the Senate. The process requires a deficit neutral proposal in order to make permanent changes. If we want all the good stuff in the plan, this logic goes, we’ve got to pass the BAT. That’s nonsense. The price is a terribly risky and unfair new tax, which may devolve into a money machine VAT. Instead, we should first settle for a smaller plan that would improve the system dramatically (lower the rate and move to the territorial system). In a second phase, Congress could implement other reforms. This two phase reform is what Republicans did in the 80s and while it wasn’t easy, it worked well. We could also offset the tax cuts with spending cuts. There are plenty of ideas to do that. Alternatively, we could finance the pro-growth tax cuts with a mix of spending cuts and smaller offsetting revenue increases (such as getting rid of the state and local tax deduction or ending the municipal bond interest exemption). The BAT tax is so complicated lawmakers still have no clue how they will treat services, and financial services in particular, under the plan. As mentioned earlier, it also undermines tax competition, exposing the country to the risk of higher tax rates down the road. And don’t get me started on the other misleading arguments used by those supporting the new levy. There are many more arguments against the BAT. This is a bad idea, seriously putting at risk the possibility of advancing tax reform. And if the Republican leadership doesn’t give it up, I predict tax reform will end the same way health care reform did. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAlan Auerbach, Boeing, Border-adjustment tax, Business Finance, Congress, Conservatives, cuts, Economic policy of Donald Trump, Economy, Elizabeth Warren, Elizabeth Warren administration, Financial Services, Fiscal policy, GE, George Mason University, Income tax in the United States, Janet Yellen, John Kerry, Kevin Brady, Mercatus Center, OECD, Politics, President, Public Policy, Reason Foundation, Republican Party, Republicans, Senate, Tax, Tax reform, Think Tank, Trump, US Federal Reserve, Value-added tax, Veronique de Rugy, Walmart, Washington DC, Ways and Means Committee, World Trade Organization Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Suzuki, Toshiba and Denso reached basic agreement to establish joint venture company for production of automotive lithium-ion battery packs in India Next PostNext County of Santa Clara Appears in Federal Court Today to Block Executive Order Stripping County of All Federal Funds Search Recent Posts NZ Prescribed Fire 2017 (Prescribed Fire) Shovel (Wildfire) Cowbell Fire (Wildfire) 2017 Monongahela NF Prescribed Fire (Prescribed Fire) West Mims Fire (Wildfire) Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 14 April 2017 | MYT 5:27 PM Japan's frugal households offer no respite for BOJ, retailers Households used 26 percent of their income to buy food last year, the highest level in almost three decades, leaving them with little left to spend on non-necessities. TOKYO: Naruhito Nogami, a 37-year-old systems engineer in Tokyo, drives to discount stores on weekends to bulk buy cheap groceries, even though he earns enough to make ends meet and the prospects for Japan's economic recovery are brighter. "I do have money, but I'm frugal anyway. Everyone is like that. That's just the way it is," he says. Kazuko Sato, a 50-year-old animation artist, also frequents discount chain Daiso, where most items ranging from groceries and bath towels to kitchenware sell for just 100 yen ($0.91). "I look for things here first, and if they aren't here then I go to the supermarket," she says, cradling a basket in the stationery aisle. "My job and salary are unstable so I need to be careful about my spending." People like them have prompted some companies to embark on sweeping price cuts, showing how tough it will be to eradicate Japan's deflationary malaise despite the improving economy. It also highlights a new paradox facing the Bank of Japan: a disparity between solid growth and stubbornly weak inflation. Top retailer Aeon Co is cutting prices for over 250 grocery items this month to lure cost-savvy shoppers, and Seiyu, operated by Wal-Mart Stores, cut prices on more than 200 products from February. "It's unthinkable for us to raise prices at this stage," Fast Retailing Co CEO Tadashi Yanai said after the owner of clothing brand Uniqlo reported flat revenue on Thursday. To be sure, many retailers say they are protecting their bottom line by offering not just discounts but high-end products. "It's not just prices consumers are looking at. They are just being selective," said Takaharu Iwasaki, president of supermarket chain operator Life Corp. But central bank policymakers are struggling to explain why inflation and wages remain so low even as Japan's economy enjoys its third-longest recovery since World War Two. "It's a new conundrum for us," one official said. "It just shows how sticky Japan's deflationary mindset is." DEMOGRAPHICS DRAG Japan's economy has sustained a modest recovery cycle that kicked off when Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took power in late 2012 and launched his "Abenomics" package of aggressive monetary, fiscal stimulus measures and structural reforms. A recent rebound in overseas demand has helped boost exports and output, pushing up business confidence to its highest in a year and a half, with companies upbeat on their spending plans. Encouraged by recent positive data, the BOJ is expected to offer a more upbeat view of the economy at this month's rate review than it did last month, people familiar with the matter said. The benefits of the recovery have yet to reach households, though, despite four years of heavy money printing by the central bank and fiscal spending packages. Real wages have been largely flat despite job losses hitting a 22-year low, as firms remain wary of raising wages. Core consumer inflation remained stuck at 0.2 percent in February, well below the BOJ's ambitious 2 percent target, as companies hold back on price rises for fear of scaring away cost-sensitive households. Japan's demographics are a key factor working against consumption. Nearly 30 percent of the population will be aged 65 or above in 2020, according to a government estimate. Living off pensions, elderly households are unaffected by any wage hikes and tend to withhold spending, analysts say. Miyako Minamizawa, a 65-year-old pensioner in Tokyo, says the recovery hasn't changed her life. "I don't feel like the economy is doing well," she said, adding she is dipping into her savings because her pension isn't enough to get by on. In the capital's upmarket Ginza shopping district, 72-year-old Shimako Naito said: "I used to often impulse buy, on quite expensive clothes and jewellery, but now I take my time and try and buy when things are cheaper." Inefficiencies in Japan's highly-protected farm sector have kept fresh food prices high and volatile. A weak-yen trend also hurt households by pushing up the price of imported goods. Food prices rose 1.7 percent in 2016 from a year earlier, even though overall consumer prices fell 0.1 percent. Households used 26 percent of their income to buy food last year, the highest level in almost three decades, leaving them with little left to spend on non-necessities. Food products topped the list of items that households spent more on, a quarterly BOJ survey showed this month, while households cut spending most on eating out, clothing and travel. Roughly 80 percent of households who replied to the BOJ's survey said they feel price rises are a bad thing, a sign the central bank has failed to convince the public of the benefits of putting a sustained end to growth-sapping deflation. Masayuki Yamamuro, 51, who works at a real estate firm, says he eats out less and is cutting down on spending because grocery shopping is becoming more expensive. "My salary hasn't risen. I want to buy a car, own a house or go travelling. But I'm not able to do that." - Reuters   Tags / Keywords: Economy Related Stories You May Be Interested SP Setia’s mega acquisition NetX bets on payment solutions Palm oil falls to 6-month low on strengthening ringgit Employers grapple with rising costs and EIS Pedalling to save the planet Siew yoke loves briyani Others Also Read Taking the Web to children in India’s remote salt desert New Stylo China showroom set to link buyers and designers Etihad Airways turns plane around for elderly couple to visit dying grandson Property Related advertisement Latest News Asian economies escape 'manipulator' tag, but expect more pressure on trade New Chinese owners of Italy's AC Milan football club to invest in stadium Abbott agrees to buy Alere at lower price of US$5.3bil from earlier offer Palm oil falls to 6-month low on strengthening ringgit Maybank to list Etiqa? Most Viewed in Business Wanted: More high-quality investments SP Setia’s mega acquisition Maybank to list Etiqa? New Chinese owners of Italy's AC Milan football club to invest in stadium What’s going on in MUI? Thriven explains Bukit Tunku land sale Dream come true for Liverpool fans Nintendo seen releasing mini-size Switch in 2019 Eye on stock: Lion Industries Ringgit closes firmer against major currencies, KLCI slumps advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Moab Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi IPL 2017 Arvind Kejriwal News Money ANALYSIS-Japan's frugal households offer no respite for BOJ, retailers Shares1 Fri, 14 Apr 2017-01:57pm , Reuters Naruhito Nogami, a 37-year-old systems engineer in Tokyo, drives to discount stores on weekends to bulk buy cheap groceries, even though he earns enough to make ends meet and the prospects for Japan's economic recovery are brighter. "I do have money, but I'm frugal anyway. Everyone is like that. That's just the way it is," he says. Kazuko Sato, a 50-year-old animation artist, also frequents discount chain Daiso, where most items ranging from groceries and bath towels to kitchenware sell for just 100 yen ($0.91). "I look for things here first, and if they aren't here then I go to the supermarket," she says, cradling a basket in the stationery aisle. "My job and salary are unstable so I need to be careful about my spending." People like them have prompted some companies to embark on sweeping price cuts, showing how tough it will be to eradicate Japan's deflationary malaise despite the improving economy. It also highlights a new paradox facing the Bank of Japan: a disparity between solid growth and stubbornly weak inflation. Top retailer Aeon Co is cutting prices for over 250 grocery items this month to lure cost-savvy shoppers, and Seiyu, operated by Wal-Mart Stores, cut prices on more than 200 products from February. "It's unthinkable for us to raise prices at this stage," Fast Retailing Co CEO Tadashi Yanai said after the owner of clothing brand Uniqlo reported flat revenue on Thursday. To be sure, many retailers say they are protecting their bottom line by offering not just discounts but high-end products. "It's not just prices consumers are looking at. They are just being selective," said Takaharu Iwasaki, president of supermarket chain operator Life Corp. But central bank policymakers are struggling to explain why inflation and wages remain so low even as Japan's economy enjoys its third-longest recovery since World War Two. "It's a new conundrum for us," one official said. "It just shows how sticky Japan's deflationary mindset is." DEMOGRAPHICS DRAG Japan's economy has sustained a modest recovery cycle that kicked off when Prime Minister Shinzo Abe took power in late 2012 and launched his "Abenomics" package of aggressive monetary, fiscal stimulus measures and structural reforms. A recent rebound in overseas demand has helped boost exports and output, pushing up business confidence to its highest in a year and a half, with companies upbeat on their spending plans. Encouraged by recent positive data, the BOJ is expected to offer a more upbeat view of the economy at this month's rate review than it did last month, people familiar with the matter said. The benefits of the recovery have yet to reach households, though, despite four years of heavy money printing by the central bank and fiscal spending packages. Real wages have been largely flat despite job losses hitting a 22-year low, as firms remain wary of raising wages. Core consumer inflation remained stuck at 0.2 percent in February, well below the BOJ's ambitious 2 percent target, as companies hold back on price rises for fear of scaring away cost-sensitive households. Japan's demographics are a key factor working against consumption. Nearly 30 percent of the population will be aged 65 or above in 2020, according to a government estimate. Living off pensions, elderly households are unaffected by any wage hikes and tend to withhold spending, analysts say. Miyako Minamizawa, a 65-year-old pensioner in Tokyo, says the recovery hasn't changed her life. "I don't feel like the economy is doing well," she said, adding she is dipping into her savings because her pension isn't enough to get by on. In the capital's upmarket Ginza shopping district, 72-year-old Shimako Naito said: "I used to often impulse buy, on quite expensive clothes and jewellery, but now I take my time and try and buy when things are cheaper." Inefficiencies in Japan's highly-protected farm sector have kept fresh food prices high and volatile. A weak-yen trend also hurt households by pushing up the price of imported goods. Food prices rose 1.7 percent in 2016 from a year earlier, even though overall consumer prices fell 0.1 percent. Households used 26 percent of their income to buy food last year, the highest level in almost three decades, leaving them with little left to spend on non-necessities. Food products topped the list of items that households spent more on, a quarterly BOJ survey showed this month, while households cut spending most on eating out, clothing and travel. Roughly 80 percent of households who replied to the BOJ's survey said they feel price rises are a bad thing, a sign the central bank has failed to convince the public of the benefits of putting a sustained end to growth-sapping deflation. Masayuki Yamamuro, 51, who works at a real estate firm, says he eats out less and is cutting down on spending because grocery shopping is becoming more expensive. "My salary hasn't risen. I want to buy a car, own a house or go travelling. But I'm not able to do that." ($1 = 109.1600 yen) (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money Appointment of Infosys co-chair to create factions at board: IiAS Money PF rate, loyalty bonus, and more: Here's what's new for provident fund subscribers Money 60,000 notices afoot as I-T spots Rs 10K cr black money Money BHIM-Aadhaar app: All you need to know about it Money 4 crore subscribers of EPFO to get 8.65% interest: Dattatreya Money Jio effect: Airtel counters Reliance's Dhan Dhana Dhan plan, get 70 GB data for only Rs 244 Live Cricket Score Kolkata Knight Riders vs Sunrisers Hyderabad Sat, 15 April 2017, 04:00 PM IST Related RBI, FOMC meeting to set tone; yields seen in 6.67-6.77% range Asian shares rattled by Donald Trump travel curb orders, dollar soft Sensex ends at two-week low of 26,308, Nifty slips below 8,100 mark Video WATCH: This adorable red panda ambitiously fights.... a rock! WATCH: This video claims liquor ban won't end drunk driving deaths, this is what will! WATCH: 69-year-old Asian man forcefully dragged off United Airlines, left bleeding View all Tags Bank of Japan Tadashi Yanai Tokyo BOJ Shinzo Abe Aeon Co Ginza Seiyu Wal-Mart Stores World War SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News HC asks railways to compensate woman who lost legs in mishap Former NFLer Heap kills daughter in accident in Arizona - media Arkansas' multiple execution plan in limbo after rulings BJP eyes eastern push as executive meet begins in Bhubaneswar French presidential race tightens further as vote looms Sport Happy to chat with Kohli, buy him lemonade off the field, says Lyon Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, April 15 Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, April 15 Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, April 15 Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, April 15 Entertainment Stevie Wonder to tie the knot with Tomeeka Bracy in June Bharathiraja never accepted me as a good actor: Rajinikanth Harry Styles reveals title, track list of debut solo album 'Neerja' was Sonam, Sonam was Neerja Anil Kapoor happy on movie's National Award win Gina Rodriguez to voice Carmen Sandiego on new animated series Money Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on The new owner of Mallya's Kingfisher Villa, Sachin Joshi, returns India Rlys to upgrade Delhi-Chandigarh route for 200 kmph service Mumbai, APR 13 (PTI) Money Market Operations as on Softbank pumps in Rs 1,675 crore in Ola Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper FINANCE CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper FINANCE Daily Sabah > Business > Finance Close Top 50 US firms hide $1.6T in tax havens ANADOLU AGENCY ANKARA Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE Fifty U.S. corporate giants stashed $1.6 trillion in offshore tax havens in 2015 while receiving trillions of dollars in taxpayer support, anti-poverty charity Oxfam said Wednesday. Companies such as Apple, Pfizer, Chevron, Goldman Sachs, Walmart and General Electric moved a sum larger than the combined economic output of Canada, South Korea, Australia, Russia and Turkey out of the reach of tax collectors. The same firms spent huge sums lobbying the U.S. government for tax breaks, receiving an estimated $1,200 in tax deductions for every $1 spent petitioning for tax cuts. In the report, titled Rigged Reform, Oxfam revealed that "big U.S. companies are increasing their use of tax havens and boosting their investment in political lobbying in order to push for even greater tax breaks." The 50 largest U.S. companies used a "secretive network" of 1,751 subsidiaries in tax havens to store about $1.6 trillion offshore in 2015, according to the report. The offshore figure was $200 billion higher than in 2014, the U.K.-based charity said. During 2009-2015, the firms spent $2.5 billion on lobbying the U.S. government. Nearly a quarter of tax lobbying was carried out by General Electric, Verizon Communications, Comcast, AT&T and Exxon Mobil. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Finance Turkrating and Capital Intelligence will organize the "Sukuk Market... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Two reasons why Italians are turning sour on the euro Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks Mardan lynching uzair baloch Kulbhushan Jadhav Jufelhurst School Print Story X Print Story Home / health / Dead bat found in Florida prepackaged salad Dead bat found in Florida prepackaged salad | By  AAFP | April 10, 2017 Health 0 0 A picture of the prepackaged salad. MIAMI: US health authorities on Monday studied the remains of a dead bat discovered inside a prepackaged salad mix sold in Florida for possible traces of the deadly rabies virus. The Fresh Express company, a subsidiary of Chiquita Brands, announced a "precautionary recall of a limited number of cases" of their prepackaged Organic Marketside Spring Mix, which had been distributed to Walmart stores across the southwestern United States. The company issued the recall on Saturday when it learned "that extraneous animal matter was allegedly found" in a salad container. "Out of an abundance of caution, all salads manufactured in the same production run are being recalled," Fresh Express said, failing to describe the offending "animal matter." The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) said it was working with the Florida health department and the US Food and Drug Administration "to support an investigation of a dead bat" found in the packaged salad sold at "a grocery store in Florida." The bat carcass however was in poor condition. "The deteriorated condition of the bat did not allow for CDC to definitively rule out whether this bat had rabies," which is endemic to the creatures across the United States, the CDC said. CDC spokesperson Thomas Skinner told AFP on Monday that the chances of rabies contagion from a dead animal are very low. 0 0 Dead bat found in Florida prepackaged salad was posted in health of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on April 10, 2017 and was last updated on April 10, 2017. This news story is related to Geo News, Geo News Latest, Bat In A Salad, Health, Florida, Prepackaged Salad, Florida. Permanent link to the news story "Dead bat found in Florida prepackaged salad" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/137583-Dead-bat-found-in-Florida-prepackaged-salad. More From Health: April 15, 2017 Leaning forward during phone use may cause 'text neck' April 14, 2017 Smoking to kill 200 million in China this century: WHO April 14, 2017 Kids more likely to stop bullies when parents tell them to: study April 14, 2017 Cholera spreading in Somalia, 50,000 cases foreseen: WHO April 13, 2017 As people age, the factors that drive depression may shift April 13, 2017 Apple hires secret team for treating diabetes: CNBC April 13, 2017 Two billion people drinking contaminated water: WHO April 12, 2017 Meningitis outbreak death estimate rises to 489 in Nigeria: official Latest News 19 minutes ago Is Sonakshi Sinha getting married ? 21 minutes ago Daesh death toll hits 90 from huge US bomb in Afghanistan 24 minutes ago Intel agencies foil major terror bid in Lahore planned for Easter 1 hour ago N. Korea displays new missiles as US carrier group approaches 1 hour ago Karisma Kapoor's former husband gets married to this lady 2 hours ago First phase of sixth population census concludes in 63 districts GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by satprnews satprnews Global Pulse Oximeters Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2025 – Market Research Report 2017 The global pulse oximeters market is expected to reach USD 2.8 billion by 2025. The pulse oximeters market is anticipated to witness significant growth during the forecast period, which can be attributed to the growing prevalence of target diseases such as chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), sleep apnea, cardiac arrhythmia, and ischemic conditions. Browse the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/pulse-oximeters-market-size-and-forecast-by-type-fingertip-handheld-others-by-end-users-hospitals-and-healthcare-facilities-homecare-by-region-north-america-europe-asia-pacific-latin-america-mea-and-trend-analysis-from-2013-to-2025 Technological advancements in pulse oximeters to make the device more efficient and user-friendly can boost the demand. For instance, in August 2015, Nonin Medical, Inc. launched NoninConnect Model 3230, a wireless fingertip oximeter that can be operated via Bluetooth. The product has low power usage and was intended for identification of early intervention patients with respiratory conditions such as COPD. Further key findings from the study suggest: Handheld pulse oximeters dominated the market in 2015, which is attributed to the rising number of surgeries and emphasis on patient safety during anesthesia. These type of devices are preferred for long-term monitoring in hospitals and emergency rooms. Fingertip oximeters is the most lucrative segment of the industry. The ease in the use of these devices is the key reason for its growing popularity. Its availability in stores such as Wal-Mart and CVSis also anticipated to add to its growing popularity. By end-users, the hospitals and other healthcare facilities segment dominated the market in 2015 and is expected to maintain its dominance during the forecast period, due to the presence of a large patient base and growing use of the vital stats monitoring devices. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/241598 Geographically, North America held the largest market share in 2015 and is expected to maintain its position during the forecast period. The mandatory CCHD screening for newborns imposed by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) and American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) in September 2014 is the key reason for the dominance. Asia Pacific is anticipated to observe the fastest growth over the coming years. Increasing investment of industry players in this region is the key reason for this growth. In January 2017, Masimo launched two patient monitoring products in India, namely, Rad-97 Pulse-CO Oximeter and SedLine Brain Function Monitoring. These products are expected to improve the patient monitoring capabilities of clinicians in the region. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/241598 Some of the key players are Covidien; CareFusion Corp; GE Healthcare; Koninklijke Philips N.V.; Masimo; CAS Medical Systems, Inc.; Opto Circuits India Ltd.; Nonin Medical, Inc.; Smiths Medical; Welch Allyn; Spacelabs Healthcare; Zensorium; Meditech Equipment Co. Ltd.; and Nihon Kohden Corporation. Major Points From Table Of Contents: Chapter One: Research Methodology Chapter Two: Executive Summary Chapter Three: Pulse Oximeter Market Variables, Trends & Scope Chapter Four: Pulse Oximeters: Type Estimates & Trend Analysis Chapter Five: Pulse Oximeters: End-users Estimates & Trend Analysis Chapter Six: Pulse Oximeters: Regional Estimates & Trend Analysis Chapter Seven: Competitive Landscape About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsGlobal Pulse Oximeters Market, Global Pulse Oximeters Market Size, Google News, Healthcare, satPRnews Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FMI Releases New Report on the Insurance Telematics Market 2017-2027 Next PostNext United States Anti-Lock Braking System and Electronic Stability Control System Industry Supply-Demand, Research and End User Analysis to 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Microelectromechanical Systems Market Research Report 2017 Global Mining Feeders Market Research Report 2017 Geneba Announces Completion of Strategic Alternatives Process Global Ceramic Ball Valve Market Share, Growth, Industry Outlook and Forecast 2022 Global Forestry and Agricultural Tractor Market 2017 : Industry Trends and Analysis Report Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 14 - April 18 Posted:   04/13/2017 10:34:35 PM MDT Today, April 14 Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. NJC Theatre Presents "Reckless" — house opens 6:30 p.m., show 7 p.m., Dorothy Corsberg Theatre. Cost $5 per person, NJC students and faculty free. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Saturday, April 15 Sterling Lions Club Easter Egg Hunt — 8 a.m., Columbine Park. For preschool through fourth grade. Don't be late, the hunt is over quickly. Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. NJC Theatre Presents "Reckless" — house opens 6:30 p.m., show 7 p.m., Dorothy Corsberg Theatre. Cost $5 per person, NJC students and faculty free. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m., Jim Ehrlich. Cost $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Advertisement Sunday, April 16 Easter Sunday Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Movie Matinee — 4 p.m., 315 W. Railroad Ave., Iliff. Free popcorn. Monday, April 17 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board — 6 p.m., Hagen Administration Center. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. Spunk and Spirit Christian Writers Group — 6:30 to 8 p.m., Life Fellowship in Fort Morgan. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St. Call 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, April 18 Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Sterling Lions Club — Noon, Elks Club. Sterling Christian Women's Connection — Noon to 1:30 p.m, Plainsman Grill. RSVP, 580-2728 or 886-3285. Cross My Heart Ministries Brown Bag Bible Study — noon to 12:45 p.m., Rock Assembly of God, 916 S. 4th Ave. Geared for women who work outside the home and would like to attend during their lunch hour. Information: Call 526-2732 or e-mail crossmyheart@kci.net. Las Amigas — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Taking Charge of Your Diabetes — 1 to 3 p.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter. Participants will learn how to incorporate diet, exercise, monitoring glucose levels, managing stress, and medication management into their personalized self-management plan. Medicare and other insurance plans will pay for all or part of the program if the program is ADA recognized. A written referral from your provider is needed. Pre-registration is required. Call Glenda Amen at 521-3260. Quilting Class — 1:30 p.m., Heritage Center. STEAM Program — 4 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Program: Fun in the Dirt! Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231. Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Sports nutrition for the young athlete "Exercise is king. Nutrition is queen. Put them together and you've got a kingdom," is how Jack LaLanne, the popular "godfather of fitness" eloquently summed up the relationship between nutrition and exercise for overall fitness.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 15 - April 18 Sterling BPW seeks nominations for Celebration of Women   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Home Menu Search Facebook Twitter RSS Currently 66.1 °F Saturday April 15th, 2017 2:54AM Posted 11:04PM on Thursday 13th April 2017 ( 1 day ago ) Motorcyclist jailed after high-speed chase through Rabun County share tweet +1 By Rob Moore Reporter   Contact Editor CLAYTON — The Georgia State Patrol, Dillard Police Department and Mountain City Police Department are charging a Cleveland man after an “extremely high-speed chase” through Rabun County Thursday afternoon. Trooper 1st Class Jesse Lewis of GSP Post 7 in Toccoa said he activated his blue lights and siren to pull over a 2005 Suzuki GSXR 1000 motorcycle with no tag on Ga. 15 (U.S. 441) near Boggs Mountain Road at 5:09 p.m. Boggs Mountain Road is located near the Rabun County Arena, Rabun County Recreation Department and Rabun County schools. The motorcyclist, identified by Lewis as 45-year-old Eric Anthony Moss of Cleveland, “got up to over 100 mph before he reached the Clayton city limits,” Lewis said. Lewis said the motorcyclist was driving extremely recklessly, passing cars on the shoulder, running red lights and weaving in and out of traffic at a high rate of speed. The motorcycle ran the red light on Ga. 15 at Walmart in Clayton and “was within feet of an SUV that was coming the opposite direction,” Lewis said. Because of speed and traffic, Clayton police officers cleared the intersections on Ga. 15. “He ran all the red lights through Clayton,” Lewis said. Even though he was pursuing the fleeing driver with his emergency equipment activated, Lewis said he had to slow down and exercise due regard at each intersection where the light was red. That allowed the motorcycle to extend its lead on the trooper. “Dillard Police became the primary pursuing unit at Rabun Gap,” Lewis said. When the motorcyclist attempted to turn right onto Ga. 246 toward Sky Valley, he struck a curve and the motorcycle overturned. Moss suffered what Lewis called minor road rash injuries, but refused treatment. No patrol cars made contact with the fleeing motorcycle, Lewis said. Lewis charged Moss with 12 charges, including: felony fleeing, reckless driving, aggressive driving, driving with a suspended license, failure to obey a traffic control device, no proof of insurance on a motorcycle, failure to signal when changing lanes, failure to change address on identification card, failure to maintain lane, driving through a gore, passing on the shoulder of the road, and misdemeanor possession of marijuana. “Mountain City and Dillard took separate charges,” Lewis said. Municipal charges against Moss include: fleeing or attempting to elude police officer, speeding in excess of maximum limits, weaving over roadway, driving on wrong side of road, reckless driving, driving while license withdrawn, fleeing or attempting to elude police officer, reckless driving, too fast for conditions, improper use of central turn lane, passing in a no-passing zone, and driving while license withdrawn. Lewis said there was moderate traffic, especially in Clayton and Mountain City, at the time of the pursuit. The chase started at 5:09 p.m. and Moss was taken into custody at 5:18. “[Moss] was endangering a lot of lives the way he was driving,” Lewis said. “Nine minutes through 13 miles of Rabun County.” Moss was booked in at the Rabun County Detention Center. Rob Moore Reporter More Articles From Rob » Associated Categories: Homepage, Local/State News Associated Tags: Georgia State Patrol, Rabun County, Dillard Police Department, Clayton Police Department, Clayton , Dillard , Mountain City, Mountain City Police Department © Copyright 2017 AccessWDUN.com All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without permission. Privacy | User Agreement | Contact | Advertise With Us 2017 © Jacobs Media Corporation. All rights reserved. EEO Report. Website by Full Media Login / My Access close Home Listen Live News + Local & State National International Business Entertainment Health Food Inspections Obituaries Politics + 2016 Voter's Guide Sports + Friday Game Night High School Sports Around The Track College Sports Professional Sports Weather WDUN Show Clips Staff Blogs Classifieds Biz Directory Calendar About Us + Contact Us Advertise with Us Follow us on social media My Access Search Join Us Online Facebook Twitter
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Prepaid Card Global Market Share, Trends, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Analysis of Top Key Player and Forecast 2022 this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the Prepaid Card market by product type and applications/end industries PUNE, INDIA, April 13, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — This report studies the Prepaid Card market status and outlook of global and United States, from angles of players, regions, product types and end industries; this report analyzes the top players in global and United States market, and splits the Prepaid Card market by product type and applications/end industries. The global Prepaid Card market is valued at XX million USD in 2016 and is expected to reach XX million USD by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Asia-Pacific will occupy for more market share in following years, especially in China, also fast growing India and Southeast Asia regions. North America, especially The United States, will still play an important role which cannot be ignored. Any changes from United States might affect the development trend of Prepaid Card. United States plays an important role in global market, with market size of xx million USD in 2016 and will be xx million USD in 2022, with a CAGR of XX. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1175912-2017-2022-prepaid-card-report-on-global-and-united-states-market Geographically, this report is segmented into several key regions, with sales, revenue, market share (%) and growth Rate (%) of Prepaid Card in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States North America Europe Asia-Pacific South America Middle East and Africa The major players in global and United States Prepaid Card market, including Visa, MasterCard, UnionPay, American Express, JCB, Discover, Walmart, Bank of America, Apple Inc, Wells Fargo, Paypal, West Union, Kaiku, AccountNow, NetSpend, AT&T, T-Mobil, Verizon, The On the basis of product, the Prepaid Card market is primarily split into Open-loop prepaid card Closed-loop prepaid card Reloadable prepaid card Payroll card Government benefit card On the basis on the end users/applications, this report covers Personal Enterprise Government Others Access Complete Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1175912-2017-2022-prepaid-card-report-on-global-and-united-states-market Table of Contents 2017-2022 Prepaid Card Report on Global and United States Market, Status and Forecast, by Players, Types and Applications 1 Methodology and Data Source 1.1 Methodology/Research Approach 1.1.1 Research Programs/Design 1.1.2 Market Size Estimation 1.1.3 Market Breakdown and Data Triangulation 1.2 Data Source 2.1.1 Secondary Sources 2.1.2 Primary Sources 1.3 Disclaimer 2 Prepaid Card Market Overview 2.1 Prepaid Card Product Overview 2.2 Prepaid Card Market Segment by Type 2.2.1 Open-loop prepaid card 2.2.2 Closed-loop prepaid card 2.2.3 Reloadable prepaid card 2.2.4 Payroll card 2.2.5 Government benefit card 2.3 Global Prepaid Card Product Segment by Type 2.3.1 Global Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and Growth (%) by Types (2012, 2016 and 2022) 2.3.2 Global Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) 2.3.3 Global Prepaid Card Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share (%) by Types (2012-2017) 2.3.4 Global Prepaid Card Price (USD/Unit) by Type (2012-2017) 2.4 United States Prepaid Card Product Segment by Type 2.4.1 United States Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and Growth by Types (2012, 2016 and 2022) 2.4.2 United States Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and Market Share by Types (2012-2017) 2.4.3 United States Prepaid Card Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share by Types (2012-2017) 2.4.4 United States Prepaid Card Price (USD/Unit) by Type (2012-2017) 3 Prepaid Card Application/End Users 3.1 Prepaid Card Segment by Application/End Users 3.1.1 Personal 3.1.2 Enterprise 3.1.3 Government 3.1.4 Others 3.2 Global Prepaid Card Product Segment by Application 3.2.1 Global Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and CGAR (%) by Applications (2012, 2016 and 2022) 3.2.2 Global Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and Market Share (%) by Applications (2012-2017) 3.3 United States Prepaid Card Product Segment by Application 3.3.1 United States Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and CGAR (%) by Applications (2012, 2016 and 2022) 3.3.2 United States Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and Market Share (%) by Applications (2012-2017) 4 Prepaid Card Market Status and Outlook by Regions 4.1 Global Market Status and Outlook by Regions 4.1.1 Global Prepaid Card Market Size and CAGR by Regions (2012, 2016 and 2022) 4.1.2 North America 4.1.3 Asia-Pacific 4.1.4 Europe 4.1.5 South America 4.1.6 Middle East and Africa 4.1.7 United States 4.2 Global Prepaid Card Sales and Revenue by Regions 4.2.1 Global Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 4.2.2 Global Prepaid Card Revenue (Million USD) and Market Share (%) by Regions (2012-2017) 4.2.3 Global Prepaid Card Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4.2.4 North America Prepaid Card Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4.2.5 Europe Prepaid Card Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4.2.6 Asia-Pacific Prepaid Card Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4.2.7 South America Prepaid Card Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 4.2.8 Middle East and Africa Prepaid Card Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (%) (2012-2017) 4.2.9 United States Prepaid Card Sales (K Units), Revenue (Million USD), Price (USD/Unit) and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 5 Global Prepaid Card Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 5.1 Global Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and Market Share by Players (2012-2017) 5.2 Global Prepaid Card Revenue (Million USD) and Share by Players (2012-2017) 5.3 Global Prepaid Card Average Price (USD/Unit) by Players (2012-2017) 5.4 Players Prepaid Card Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Types 5.5 Prepaid Card Market Competitive Situation and Trends 5.5.1 Prepaid Card Market Concentration Rate 5.5.2 Global Prepaid Card Market Share (%) of Top 3 and Top 5 Players 5.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion 6 United States Prepaid Card Market Competition by Players/Manufacturers 6.1 United States Prepaid Card Sales (K Units) and Market Share by Players (2012-2017) 6.2 United States Prepaid Card Revenue (Million USD) and Share by Players (2012-2017) 6.3 United States Prepaid Card Average Price (USD/Unit) by Players (2012-2017) 6.4 United States Prepaid Card Market Share (%) of Top 3 and Top 5 Players ……Continued Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1175912 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious East Asia Announces Financing and IR Appointment Next PostNext Global Wine Packaging Container Market Analysis, Size, Share, Trends And Forecast To 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Residential Combined Heat and Power Market Share, Growth, Trend Analysis and Forecast to 2017 by Capacity, Production, and Production Value Capital Caring Celebrates 40th Anniversary UltiSat Awarded CTC Task Order to Provide Satellite Bandwidth for Space and Test Training Range (STTR) Commercial Satellite Communications (COMSATCOM) Support TriNet Hosts the HR Room at Access During NY TechDay Luxury Furniture Market Report, Trends, Size, Share, Analysis, Estimations and Forecasts to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Tablet Mobile Other Publications The Acorn Camarillo Acorn Moorpark Acorn Simi Valley Acorn Thousand Oaks Acorn Beyond Submission Forms Contact Us Login Browse Archives News Front Page Community Neighbors Faith Family Health & Wellness Opinion Editorials Letters Sports On the Town Calendar Schools Real Estate Sheriff's Blotter Advertising Advertising Information Private Party Order Rentals Order Service Directory E-mail Us 2017-04-14 / Columns Tweet Print A plea to the Easter Bunny: Next year, just bring kale Elizabeth Kirby So, are you the chosen one? I’m just wondering. If you auditioned out here in Rabbit Valley, you had some stiff competition. I mean, after all, our army of seasoned bunnies with chain-saw teeth, able to destroy lawns faster than Cal American Water, don’t dress for work. Not like you do, carrying a basket with pink satin ribbons or wearing a vest embroidered with petunias. At least, I haven’t ever seen one like that gnawing on my marigolds. Seems you outdid yourself in the audition. What do you do in the off-season? Mascot perhaps? Walmart greeter? In anticipation of your arrival, Mr. Fixit (the husband) and I have already downed a few thousand jelly beans and dozens of those crunchy chocolate eggs. What does it feel like, Mr. Bunny, to know that your customers are getting a little round around the edges, soon to be anchored like the USS Bismarck into our easy chairs? We certainly won’t be hopping down any old bunny trail. Turns out, even the frequently pregnant daughter who lives on carrot juice and chardonnay, has also polished off a few dozen bags of peanut butter eggs. Your holiday confections show no mercy. Mr. Bunny, here’s my concern: This is a tough time for us humans, and your pre-Easter temptations are not helping. I mean nobody agrees on anything anymore, and Mr. Fixit thinks kale should be landfill. I thought you rabbits were about carrots? Adding insult to injury, it’s baseball season, which means a steady diet of soft pretzels at Fiore field, followed by hot dogs at Dover-Hendrix, and don’t forget the chili dog with jalapeños after a trek to Oxnard-El Rio. Due to my three rotten grandkids, now all in the game, I’ve become a Little League ballfield cuisine aficionado. And I’ve got the beef-jerky skin to prove it. If you wanna know which field never runs out of Cheetos, you’re in the right place. “We understand plump,” Mr. Fixit announces as he’s dicing his havarti to go with pretzel chips and olives as pregame warmup for the madness of March. “We?” I ask as I sneak the last piece of banana walnut bread out of the fridge and devour it before he busts me, trying to scoop the last bits of goo out of my receding gums before I say anything. I guess he’s noticed I’m beginning to resemble Miss Piggy. Seems the 20 pounds I lost found me again. And again. “I guess you’re getting ready for the Easter Bunny,” I tell my roommate as I spy a new bag of Easter egg peanut M&M’s, purchased by Mr. Fixit. “Yes,” he admits, “but I get that one confused with the Playboy Bunny.” “Oh really?” “Yes,” he continues. “It always happens this time of year. Must be those little white tails.” Mr. Bunny, here’s my concern: This is a tough time for us humans, and your pre-Easter temptations are not helping. So, Mr. Bunny, or is it Ms.? Anyway, Madame Easter Bunny, thanks to you, my goofy husband and your Easter treats, I can only muse about when I used to remotely resemble the Playboy version of your species. Next year, only carrots and kale. Please. But can you make them taste like those crunchy little chocolate eggs? Thanks. Elizabeth Kirby has been around a long time—a resident of Thousand Oaks since 1983, whose glass is usually half full if she can find it. Reach her at kirby@theacorn.com or kirby. hanson@verizon.net. To read all her columns, check out her Facebook page https://www.facebook.com/#!/elizabethkirbyandhotflashes. Return to top Copyright © 2006-2017 J.Bee NP Publishing, Ltd., All Rights Reserved. Newspaper web site content management software and services
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 New sidewalk adding to state’s deficit April 13, 2017 • Dear Editor Well! As the cat said when she got her tail caught in the lawnmower, “It won’t be long now.” The construction of the new sidewalk on the north end of Main Street is almost finished. Both sides of the street [auth] to accommodate the large hoards of people walking and riding their wheelchairs to the mall and to Wal-Mart. Isn’t that great? My understanding is the state is paying for this as it’s a state highway. Maybe the fed’s kicking some help. They both have plenty of money to spread around. The federal deficit is at almost $20 trillion and the state is trying to come up with a budget to cover their deficit. Then, a large segment of this sidewalk will have to be broken up and redone when new businesses open up on the open land, driveways to their parking area. A great use of our unlimited resources. Robert J. Morris Roswell   Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Sometimes the best connections are online friends Planning for Earth Day 2017 » Business Review Farmers Insurance – Gina Dwyer Agency Dining Guide Zen Asian Diner Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years New Mexico Catholics undertake annual Easter pilgrimage April 14, 2017 Game over for middle-school sports in New Mexico district April 14, 2017 Energy company strikes $3 billion deal in New Mexico April 14, 2017 Navajo president seeks closure in case of slain officer April 14, 2017 Task force to review juvenile justice system in New Mexico April 13, 2017 New Mexico lawmakers mull litigation in budget standoff April 13, 2017 Feds roll out good news on New Mexico water front April 13, 2017 New Mexico deputy’s lawyers seek murder charge dismissal April 13, 2017 UNM dropping men’s and women’s ski programs over budget cuts April 13, 2017 New Mexico Supreme Court smooths way for no-bond detentions April 12, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Skip to main content Login Register Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Duluth News Tribune Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Bygones for April 15, 2017 Country club's former golf pro, general manager accused of stealing $292K Teacher faces more allegations in child-sex case If Trump's budget passes, Amtrak service could end in ND, MN Missing child found safe in Carlton County after five-hour search involving 13 agencies More Topics crime education health iron range politics st louis county superior business Headlines Pawn America files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection Delta may now offer up to $9,950 to passengers willing to give up seats Biz Buzz Business Snapshot: Wild Birds Unlimited Could Apple buy Disney? Wall Street revives rumor of potential mega-deal More Topics construction energy mining money shipping technology transportation sports Headlines College baseball: Saints' Neutzling thriving in right field College baseball: Offense carries UWS to sweep College football: UMD's Bateman to be feted prep summaries Women's hockey: UMD's Rooney, Morin invited to US camp More Topics baseball basketball football golf hockey preps running features Headlines Gardens overlook Lake of the Isles Alec Baldwin reflects on life, career in 'Nevertheless' Make a new house feel like home Things to Do for April 14, 2017 Theater review: UMD's 'The Little Mermaid' makes a fun splash More Topics pursuits taste A&E home weekend featured columnists milestones Headlines Robert & Janice McDonald Anniversary Open House 100 CANDLES Lincoln Stauber Happy 95th Birthday, Irmgard Becker! "Thank you" from the Welsands More Topics weddings engagements anniversaries new arrivals 100 candles special occasions obituaries Headlines Kenneth O. Anderson Mildred "Millie" Marie Finney Dawn M. Anderson Alice E. Greski Ethelmaie "Liz" Berklich More Topics memorials opinion Headlines Reader's View: ‘Don’t fix anything; we’re going to build new’ Reader's View: Choosing between values can lead to regrets Reader's View: Wrenshall, vote no on April 18 In Tribute: A final standing-o for Don Rickles' insults Reader's View: Home show distasteful venue for 9/11 exhibit More Topics columns editorial cartoons local view national view other view our view readers views outdoors Headlines MN DNR Weekly Report for April 10, 2017 Field Reports: Retriever Club offers training classes Ask a Conservation Officer: Helmets for ATV riders Houston's fishing report Northland fishing contests More Topics fishing hunting community Headlines Pets of the Week YourSports Esko and Duluth East robotics to take on the world Rec Sports Mentor Duluth More Topics scrapbook family Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Pawn America files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection By Dee DePass, Minneapolis Star Tribune on Apr 14, 2017 at 10:53 p.m. Burnsville-based Pawn America Minnesota filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection this week, succumbing to surging competition from online competitors and other factors shaking up the retail sector. The company — which operates 23 pawnshops in Minnesota, Wisconsin and the Dakotas, including one in Duluth — reported on Wednesday that it owes between $10 million and $50 million to fewer than 1,000 creditors. Pawn America President and founder Brad Rixmann, in a message to employees, said he plans to reorganize and emerge from bankruptcy stronger. "I remain as excited today about the future as I did 25 years ago when we opened our first store," he said. "This is not a shutdown. This is not a liquidation. It's just a reorganization. Pawn America stores remain open for business, serving customers and will continue to operate in the ordinary course of business." The retail chain does not yet have a restructuring plan in place, so it has no details on what stores might close or if staff will be cut, the company said. The company and its affiliated businesses, which started with a single store in Robbinsdale in 1991, now have about 450 employees who buy and sell used jewelry, electronics, computers, household items, sporting goods and other merchandise. The company closed its St. Paul store on Suburban Avenue two months ago and has cut its staff by 50 workers through a mix of attrition and downsizing, officials said. The downsizing is in strict contrast to Pawn America's rocket-like growth during its first 25 years in business. Employment rose from about 100 employees in 2008 to 350 three years later. It eventually hit the 500-employee mark. The bankruptcy filing is driven by the challenges seen across the entire brick-and-mortar retail industry, said Pawn America spokesman Mike Erlandson. Bankruptcy "is not a course any business wants to pursue," he said. "But if you just look at the retail sector in general, the closing of Macy's, Sears and J.C. Penney stores and the heightened competition of Wal-Mart and Target, [Pawn America's experience] is not unlike what you are seeing across all of retail." Buying trends are shifting and there are differences between the shopping habits of baby boomers vs. millennials, Erlandson said. Pawn America's online business is doing very well, while some of its traditional stores are not. Rixmann spent much of Wednesday and Thursday reaching out to store managers, staff and vendors and said he has been encouraged by their support. "This is an unfortunate circumstance," Rixmann said. "We are committed to confronting this challenge and to building a stronger Pawn America for our customers, employees and other stakeholders. While we will have to make tough decisions going forward, Pawn America will emerge stronger and better able to compete in the marketplace." During its restructuring Pawn America has hired Stinson Leonard Street to be its legal adviser. Alliance Management will act as restructuring adviser. Additional Articles Recommended by Duluth News Tribune Thousands gather in Canal Park for first day of Tall Ships Duluth Time-lapse video: Tall Ships Duluth Parade of Sail Rooms are pricey during tall ships festival Additional Articles Recommended by Duluth News Tribune Thousands gather in Canal Park for first day of Tall Ships Duluth Time-lapse video: Tall Ships Duluth Parade of Sail Rooms are pricey during tall ships festival Explore related topics:BusinessBusinessminnesota Advertisement Latest Reader's View: ‘Don’t fix anything; we’re going to build new’1 hour ago Reader's View: Choosing between values can lead to regrets1 hour ago Reader's View: Wrenshall, vote no on April 181 hour ago In Tribute: A final standing-o for Don Rickles' insults1 hour ago Bygones for April 15, 20171 hour ago Pawn America files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection2 hours ago College baseball: Saints' Neutzling thriving in right field2 hours ago Country club's former golf pro, general manager accused of stealing $292K2 hours ago more 〉 Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Buy Newspaper Prints Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Duluth News Tribune Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Duluth News Tribune and Forum Communications Company 424 W. First St. Duluth, Minnesota 55802 Call us at (218) 723-5281
GoSearch WTTV TV Schedule Search Contact Us CBS 4 – Indianapolis News, Weather, Traffic and Sports | WTTV Menu News Problem Solvers 4 Our Veterans Local Hot Spots Community Traffic Sports Weather 67° 67° Low 62° High 80° Sat 60° 81° Sun 46° 70° Mon 49° 67° See complete forecast Two thieves arrested for targeting and stealing from senior citizens Posted 11:05 pm, April 14, 2017, by Lindsey Eaton Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Please enable Javascript to watch this video MUNCIE, Ind.- Police have arrested two people for targeting and robbing senior citizens. 26-year-old LaRon Dorsey and 20-year-old Alyzabeth Jones are each facing nearly 20 fraud and robbery charges. In the past eight days, Muncie Police have received at least three purse snatching robberies reports. One victim is a 93-year-old woman named Martha who told detectives she was sitting in her car, parked in her driveway, when a man attacked her. “(I’ve) never been so frightened in my life,” explains Martha, robbery victim. Martha said the robber threw himself on top of her, pushed her head to the side and took off with her purse. “You think you’re safe and you’re not,” explains Martha. Detectives believe the thieves followed Martha as she left a nearby drug store. The other two purse snatching robberies happened at the Muncie Mall. “It infuriates me that people have to pick on the elderly, somebody that can’t defend themselves. (They think) that they’re an easy mark and people take advantage all the time of them,” explains Jane Russell, one of the victim’s neighbors. Detectives tracked $2,000 in fraudulent purchases on Martha’s stolen credit cards. They were able to figure out minutes after a robbery, the thieves were out using the stolen credit cards.  Police provided a surveillance picture from Wal-Mart, which they believe shows Jones and Dorsey shopping. “If they need money they need to get a job not pick on the elderly,” explains Russell. The most recent robbery happened Friday afternoon.  A woman reported her purse was ripped right off her arm in the Muncie Mall parking lot.  Minutes later and not too far away, detectives closed in on a car at a gas station that matched her description and previous surveillance video images. According to court documents, Jones, Dorsey and a stack of credit card tracing back to their victims were found inside the vehicle. “I hope you have a very long prison life,” explains Martha, robbery victim. Detectives are confident Jones and Dorsey are tied to more victims.  If you know anything that could help in this case, call the Muncie Police Department. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Email Google Pinterest Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Popular Tipton High School teacher arrested on child seduction charges Colts acquire nose tackle Johnathan Hankins on three-year deal U.S. drops 21,000 pound bomb on ISIS complexes in Afghanistan Dorothy Mengering, mother of David Letterman, dies at 95, publicist confirms Latest News Statewide Silver Alert has been declared for Brown County man Two thieves arrested for targeting and stealing from senior citizens Authorties: All lanes of I-70 near I-465 are closed due to traffic hazard Victim Assistance Unit works to help kids after crime News Muncie man facing animal cruelty charges for shooting, burning mother’s pets Crime News Police: IMPD arrests 3 men for series of shootings and robberies targeting Hispanic men News Muncie teens charged in violent robbery sparks community leaders to encourage teens to get jobs Crime News Men arrested on obstruction charges in connection with fatal shooting in Muncie Crime News Police: Suspects use toy handgun to rob Subway restaurant in Bloomington News Henry County couple arrested for beating, holding teenager captive Crime News Police: Borrowed car leads police to suspect in liquor store thefts, tobacco store robbery News Muncie dispatchers overwhelmed by weekend overdose spike Crime News Authorities: Muncie mother arrested after overdose, 7-year-old son attempted to revive her Crime News Muncie man arrested in fatal shooting last month News Arrest made in connection with woman’s murder on near east side Crime News Authorities believe woman planned robbery that led to death of Bloomington man News Student out thousands of dollars after Care.com scam Mobile Apps iOS App Android App Android Weather Authority App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • EEO Report • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 6910 Network Place Indianapolis, IN 46278 • Copyright © 2017, WTTV • CBS Indianapolis - A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Hot Topics: Latest police blotters Fall Harvest Car Show top 50 Addressing FM biz rumors Alzheimer's Walk Chat with Coroner Obits Print   Email   Font Resize Police & Courts Fort Morgan Police Department Posted:   04/14/2017 07:12:50 PM MDT Editor's Note: The Fort Morgan Times relies on reports from law enforcement to create the blotter. All charges are alleged by law enforcement and may not reflect the charges filed by the court. All individuals are considered innocent until proven guilty by the law.March 26 Karen Lenzen, 36, of Log Lane was arrested for fraud in the 1300 block of Barlow Road. Released on a summons to appear. March 27 Officers investigated a case of first degree criminal trespass, theft and unlawful use of a financial device in the 1600 block of Main Street. Case open. March 29 Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Platte and Barlow. Facundo Altemirano-Garcia, 37, of Fort Morgan was charged with improper backing. Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Railroad and Main. Farhiya Kalid, 27, of Fort Morgan was charged with passing on the right when not safe. March 30 Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident in the 600 block of Sherman. McKenzie Rodriquez, 20, of Log Lane Village was charged with following too closely. April 1 Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Main and Bijou. Ridwan Hassan, 21, of Fort Morgan was charged with failure to yield right of way upon entering highway. April 4 A Fort Morgan juvenile was arrested for underage possession of tobacco and released on a summons to appear. Advertisement Officers responded to a no injury traffic accident at the intersection of Railroad and Maple. Adrian Munoz, 28, of Fort Morgan was charged with improper backing. April 6 Officers investigated a credit card fraud case in the Fort Morgan area. Patrick Hobbs, 31, of Fort Morgan was arrested for first degree introduction of contraband, possession of a Schedule II substance and harassment in the 700 block of Euclid. No bond. Donald Tow, 29, of Fort Morgan was issued a released on a summons to appear for harassment in the 500 block of west 7th Ave. Antonio Segura, 21, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a warrant out of Fort Morgan. $1,000 bond. Alyssa Cook, 21, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a warrant out of Fort Morgan. $4,000 bond. Shannadon Fearnot, 19, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a warrant out of Fort Morgan. $500 bond. April 7 Melissa Schrum, 33, of Log Lane Village was released on a summons to appear for trespassing at Walmart. April 8 Juan Camacho, 33, of Fort Morgan was arrested for assault, domestic violence, theft, criminal mischief, violation of a protection order and violation of bail bond conditions in the 100 block of Lowell Place. No bond. Shawn Miller, 39, of Fort Morgan was arrested for assault and domestic violence in the 100 block of East Gateway. No bond. A Fort Morgan juvenile was arrested for underage possession of marijuana and released on a summons to appear. April 9 Estrella Gomez, 28, of Fort Morgan was arrested for violation of a protection order, criminal mischief, obstructing police and violation of bail bond conditions in the 600 block of West Platte. No bond. Brooklin Bruning, 20, of Brush was arrested for shoplifting miscellaneous merchandise valued at $28.90 at Walmart. Released on a summons to appear. Arnulfo Camacho, 36, of Fort Morgan was arrested on a warrant in the 400 block of Park Street. $20,000 bond. April 10 Jose Rodriquez-Gamboa, 38, of Fort Morgan was released on a summons to appear for shoplifting $141.64 worth of tools, food and clothing from Walmart. Jeremy Harris, 30, of Fort Morgan was arrested for felony menacing and criminal mischief in the 800 block of Platte. No bond. Also arrested was Richard Perez, 26, who was charged with possession of a Schedule II substance, harassment and domestic violence. No bond. Mohamed Said, 30, of Fort Morgan was released on a summons to appear for criminal mischief after damaging a lock on a mail box at the post office. April 11 Amber Covey, 33, of Fort Morgan was arrested for assault and domestic violence. No bond. Return to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Fort Morgan Police Department Morgan County Sheriff's Office Hope Vogel gets 4 years community corrections   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
SMI 8'629 -0.4%  SPI 9'706 -0.3%  Dow 20'453 -0.7%  DAX 12'109 -0.4%  Euro 1.0675 0.0%  EStoxx50 3'448 -0.6%  Gold 1'286 -1.1%  Dollar 1.0055 0.0%  Öl 55.6 0.0%  SMI 8'629 -0.4%  SPI 9'706 -0.3%  Dow 20'453 -0.7%  DAX 12'109 -0.4%  Euro 1.0675 0.0%  EStoxx50 3'448 -0.6%  Gold 1'286 -1.1%  Dollar 1.0055 0.0%  Öl 55.6 0.0%    Menu✖ Börse Aktien Aktienkurse Indizes Listen Strukturierte Produkte Suche Fonds Obligationen Rohstoffe Devisen Währungsrechner Zinsen News & Analysen News Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen myfinanzen Registrieren Passwort vergessen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen Suchen✖   Anmelden Registrieren? Fan werden   Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Trading-Desk Konto eröffnen News Analysen Experten Kolumnen Finanzplanung Ressorts Aktien Devisen ETF Finanzplanung Fonds Konjunktur Obligationen Rohstoffe Strukturierte Produkte Zinsen Rubriken Ad-hoc Meldungen Börsenberichte Chartanalysen Emittentennews Fondsgesellschaft News Heute im Fokus Immobilien Interviews Konjunktur Steuern Versicherungen Vorsorge Zinsen BrandReport Quellen awp Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires fondstrends.ch Handelszeitung Hugin newsbox.ch Redaktion finanzen.ch Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv Videoportal 15.04.2017 00:30:00 Celebrating Easter and Spring With DIY Expert Lynn Lilly on Tips on TV Blog Tweet A A Teilen Drucken ATLANTA, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Easter holiday involves many traditions.  For many people Easter is a holiday that involves bringing family and friends together.  In fact, food, fashions and getting creative are an important part of the festivities. Lynn Lilly the Founder of CraftBoxGirls and author of "Screen-Free Crafts Kids Will Love!" shared some timely recipes and craft ideas for making this a memorable Easter holiday. A GREAT APPETIZER FOR WHEN THE FAMILY COMES TOGETHER A tasty appetizer recipe is Baked Hummus with Crunchmaster's Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers. By focusing on wholesome ingredients from trusted sources, Crunchmaster™ has crafted simply delicious snacks to fit every healthy lifestyle. That is because Crunchmaster™ Crackers are gluten-free, non-GMO, and oven baked to deliver seriously crunchy satisfaction for the perfect spring treat. This recipe is so easy, all that is needed is some hummus, feta cheese, Kalamata olives, chopped fresh tomato and olive oil.  Just layer into a baking dish and bake for 20 minutes and you have a delicious appetizer that the whole family can share! For this and other recipes, check out www.crunchmaster.com. Baked HummusServe with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers Ingredients (2) 7 oz. containers of plain prepared hummus 1 ¼ cup crumbled feta cheese 2/3 cup chopped Kalamata olives 2/3 cup chopped fresh tomato 2 Tbsp olive oil Directions Spread hummus evenly into an 8×8 inch square baking dish. Sprinkle with feta cheese, being sure to evenly cover the surface. In a separate bowl, gently toss the tomatoes and olives together until blended well. Layer the olive and tomato mixture on top of the feta cheese. Drizzle with 2 Tbsp olive oil. Bake at 350°F for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve warm with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers SUGGESTIONS FOR A TASTY BEVERAGE FOR EASTER CELEBRATIONS LaCroix sparkling water is the perfect alternative to unhealthy beverages being that it is all natural. Drink it daily because it is zero calories, zero sweeteners, and zero sodium, making it completely innocent. When it comes to entertaining, create festive mocktails with LaCroix sparkling water. Any thoughtful host or hostess should always provide a non-alcoholic option for their guests. LaCroix comes in 20 different flavors, making it hard to pick just one, so in addition to serving single cans at parties, the Mure Pepino Lemon Fizz is perfect in a spring mocktail. Simply muddle blackberries, lemon juice and a little bit of honey in the bottom of a glass, pour in a can of LaCroix Curate Mure Pepino, add ice, and voila! You cannot go wrong serving your friends and family a beverage that is 100% innocent! For more information visit, www.lacroixwater.com LaCroix Cúrate Blackberry Lemon Fizz Ingredients 1 can LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino 1/2 cup blackberries 1 tbsp lemon juice 1 tbsp honey cucumber for garnish Instructions: Muddle the blackberries, lemon juice and honey in the bottom of a glass. Add ice and top with LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino. Garnish with blackberries and cucumber. EASTER BASKET MUST-HAVES Easter can't be celebrated without eggs! According to a 2017 survey, approximately half of respondents who celebrate the holiday say Easter eggs are an essential part of the holiday. Chocolate Easter eggs are definitely a fan favorite. This year The Hershey Company is putting all kinds of eggs in Easter baskets by announcing a variety of new egg-shaped candies including Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment, Hershey's Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Eggs and Reese's Peanut Butter Crème Egg, available at Walmart. For more information visit, www.thehersheycompany.com. MORE EASTER FAVORITES! No Easter basket is complete without chocolate eggs! With the continued success of the Reese's Peanut Butter Egg, this season Hershey is debuting the Reese's Peanut Butter Crème Egg. Rounding out the egg-inspired items this season are the Hershey's Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Egg, capturing the taste of marshmallow wrapped in creamy milk chocolate, and the Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment so there is no need to choose a favorite! For more information visit,  www.thehersheycompany.com Related Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQM_B-v0MQA This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/celebrating-easter-and-spring-with-diy-expert-lynn-lilly-on-tips-on-tv-blog-300439950.html SOURCE Tips on TV / Lynn Lilly Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: Valor / ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: CHF Hinzufügen Speichern Bitte aktivieren Sie JavaScript für Kommentare powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Newssuche GO Inside (Anzeige) 13.04.17 Vontobel: Coupons im «Doppelpack» 13.04.17 SMI weiterhin sehr stabil 12.04.17 Julius Bär Warrants - Neuemissionen 06.04.17 Produkte in Zeichnung: Worst-Of BRCs auf Schweizer Blue-Chips. 28.03.17 ideas Magazin - Luxus: Elegantes Shopping ist wieder en vogue mehr Inside Fonds (Anzeige) 13.04.17 J.P. Morgan AM: Prognose: Schwellenländer-Aktien mit hohen Erträgen 07.02.17 Schroders: Schroders kauft für die Anlagegruppe Immobilien Europa Direkt (IED) ein grosses Einkaufszentrum ausserhalb Stockholm mehr Meistgelesene Nachrichten Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf Credit Suisse-Geschäftsleitung verzichtet auf Teil der variablen Vergütung Russland: Putin unter Druck Tesla-Aktie legt deutlich zu: Tencent steigt mit fünf Prozent ein Sika: Diese Szenarien gibt es in der Übernahmeschlacht mit Saint-Gobain Tesla-Chef kündigt elektrischen Laster für September an Diese Aktien empfehlen die Experten zum Kauf Weltkrisen belasten Börsen in Fernost Syngenta-Übernahmeangebot durch ChemChina wird bis 4. Mai verlängert SMI schliesst vor langem Wochenende im Minus -- DAX geht schwächer aus dem Handel Börse aktuell - Live Ticker SMI schliesst vor langem Wochenende im Minus -- DAX geht schwächer aus dem Handel SLI und SPI leichter. TecDAX geht mit kleinem Plus aus dem Donnerstag. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien SMI  SPI  SLI  SMIM  DAX  EuroStoxx 50  Dow Jones  Nasdaq 100  Nikkei 225  S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung Schweizer Börse: 20 Min., Deutsche Börse: 15 Min., Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min. © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH SMI  SMI Realtime  Goldpreis  Aktien  Kursliste SMI  Devisen  Dollarkurs  Eurokurs  Silberpreis  Fonds  Strukturierte Produkte  Warrants  Rohstoffe  Portfolio  Währungsrechner  Aktienkurse  Ölpreis  Leitzins  Börsenkurse Weitere Ringier Axel Springer Schweiz AG Online-Angebote: Beobachter | Bilanz | Bolero | Bolero (fr) | Glückspost | Handelszeitung | L'Hebdo | Le Temps | Partyguide.ch | PME Magazine | Schweizer Bank | Schweizer Illustrierte | Schweizer Landliebe | Schweizer Versicherung | Style | Students.ch | TV Star | TV 2 | TVvier | TV 8 | Usgang.ch
Anmelden   Registrieren? Fan werden finanzen.at ATX 2 861 -0,6%  Dow 20 453 -0,7%  Nasdaq 5 354 -0,4%  Euro 1,0614 0,0%  ATX P 1 449 -0,5%  EStoxx50 3 448 -0,6%  Nikkei 18 336 -0,5%  CHF 1,0675 0,0%  DAX 12 109 -0,4%  FTSE100 7 328 -0,3%  Öl 55,6 0,0%  Gold 1 286 -1,1%  News Analysen Experten Kolumnen ATX News Börse News & Analysen myfinanzen Broker-Vergleich Ressorts Aktien Anleihen Devisen ETF Fonds Rohstoffe Zertifikate Zinsen CFDs Quellen APA Aktiencheck Businesswire Dow Jones Newswires dpa-AFX Heute im Fokus Nachrichtenarchiv 15.04.2017 00:30:00 A A Teilen Drucken Celebrating Easter and Spring With DIY Expert Lynn Lilly on Tips on TV Blog Tweet ATLANTA, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Easter holiday involves many traditions.  For many people Easter is a holiday that involves bringing family and friends together.  In fact, food, fashions and getting creative are an important part of the festivities. Lynn Lilly the Founder of CraftBoxGirls and author of "Screen-Free Crafts Kids Will Love!" shared some timely recipes and craft ideas for making this a memorable Easter holiday. A GREAT APPETIZER FOR WHEN THE FAMILY COMES TOGETHER A tasty appetizer recipe is Baked Hummus with Crunchmaster's Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers. By focusing on wholesome ingredients from trusted sources, Crunchmaster™ has crafted simply delicious snacks to fit every healthy lifestyle. That is because Crunchmaster™ Crackers are gluten-free, non-GMO, and oven baked to deliver seriously crunchy satisfaction for the perfect spring treat. This recipe is so easy, all that is needed is some hummus, feta cheese, Kalamata olives, chopped fresh tomato and olive oil.  Just layer into a baking dish and bake for 20 minutes and you have a delicious appetizer that the whole family can share! For this and other recipes, check out www.crunchmaster.com. Baked HummusServe with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers Ingredients (2) 7 oz. containers of plain prepared hummus 1 ¼ cup crumbled feta cheese 2/3 cup chopped Kalamata olives 2/3 cup chopped fresh tomato 2 Tbsp olive oil Directions Spread hummus evenly into an 8×8 inch square baking dish. Sprinkle with feta cheese, being sure to evenly cover the surface. In a separate bowl, gently toss the tomatoes and olives together until blended well. Layer the olive and tomato mixture on top of the feta cheese. Drizzle with 2 Tbsp olive oil. Bake at 350°F for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve warm with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers SUGGESTIONS FOR A TASTY BEVERAGE FOR EASTER CELEBRATIONS LaCroix sparkling water is the perfect alternative to unhealthy beverages being that it is all natural. Drink it daily because it is zero calories, zero sweeteners, and zero sodium, making it completely innocent. When it comes to entertaining, create festive mocktails with LaCroix sparkling water. Any thoughtful host or hostess should always provide a non-alcoholic option for their guests. LaCroix comes in 20 different flavors, making it hard to pick just one, so in addition to serving single cans at parties, the Mure Pepino Lemon Fizz is perfect in a spring mocktail. Simply muddle blackberries, lemon juice and a little bit of honey in the bottom of a glass, pour in a can of LaCroix Curate Mure Pepino, add ice, and voila! You cannot go wrong serving your friends and family a beverage that is 100% innocent! For more information visit, www.lacroixwater.com LaCroix Cúrate Blackberry Lemon Fizz Ingredients 1 can LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino 1/2 cup blackberries 1 tbsp lemon juice 1 tbsp honey cucumber for garnish Instructions: Muddle the blackberries, lemon juice and honey in the bottom of a glass. Add ice and top with LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino. Garnish with blackberries and cucumber. EASTER BASKET MUST-HAVES Easter can't be celebrated without eggs! According to a 2017 survey, approximately half of respondents who celebrate the holiday say Easter eggs are an essential part of the holiday. Chocolate Easter eggs are definitely a fan favorite. This year The Hershey Company is putting all kinds of eggs in Easter baskets by announcing a variety of new egg-shaped candies including Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment, Hershey's Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Eggs and Reese's Peanut Butter Crème Egg, available at Walmart. For more information visit, www.thehersheycompany.com. MORE EASTER FAVORITES! No Easter basket is complete without chocolate eggs! With the continued success of the Reese's Peanut Butter Egg, this season Hershey is debuting the Reese's Peanut Butter Crème Egg. Rounding out the egg-inspired items this season are the Hershey's Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Egg, capturing the taste of marshmallow wrapped in creamy milk chocolate, and the Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment so there is no need to choose a favorite! For more information visit,  www.thehersheycompany.com Related Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQM_B-v0MQA This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/celebrating-easter-and-spring-with-diy-expert-lynn-lilly-on-tips-on-tv-blog-300439950.html SOURCE Tips on TV / Lynn Lilly Eintrag hinzufügen Eintrag bearbeiten Erfolgreich hinzugefügt!. Zu Portfolio/Watchlist wechseln. Es ist ein Fehler aufgetreten! Kein Portfolio vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen des neuen Portfolios angeben. Keine Watchlisten vorhanden. Bitte zusätzlich den Namen der neuen Watchlist angeben. Portfolioname: Watchlistname: Portfolio: Name: Typ: ISIN: Börse: Anzahl: Aktueller Kurs: Kurszeit: Kaufpreis: Kaufdatum: Kaufwert: EUR   Hinzufügen Speichern   Newssuche   GO   NEWS VON Immofinanz: Trendwechsel ante portas Goldminen als Inflationsgewinner So sichern Sie sich niedrige Kreditzinsen Krieg der Währungen Protektionismus bedroht die Weltwirtschaft Börse aktuell - Live Ticker ATX schließt vor langem Wochenende tief im Minus -- DAX geht schwächer aus dem Handel TecDAX geht mit kleinem Plus aus dem Donnerstag. Nachrichten Nachrichten zu Aktien Alle Nachrichten Wie bewerten Sie diese Seite? schlecht sehr gut Aktien ATX DAX EuroStoxx 50 Dow Jones NASDAQ 100 EuroStoxx 50 Nikkei 225 S&P 500 Kontakt  -  Impressum - Werbung Sitemap - Datenschutz - Disclaimer - AGB Für die aufgeführten Inhalte kann keine Gewährleistung für die Vollständigkeit, Richtigkeit und Genauigkeit übernommen werden. Kursinformationen von SIX Financial Information Deutschland GmbH. Verzögerung 15 Min. (Nasdaq, NYSE: 20 Min.). © 1999-2017 finanzen.net GmbH
7NEWS Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + 7-Day Hourly Forecast Radar Radar & Maps Weather Alerts School Closings and Delays Consumer + Debbie's Deals ShopSmart Money Recalls Financial Fitness Zone Science & Tech Managing Your Money Spelling Bee Home Safety Traffic + Gas Prices I-25 Cams I-70 Cams Driving you crazy Health + Staying Healthy Flu Guide Whats Going Around Basics of Babies New Year Heart The Senior Resource Center Ask a Health Expert News + Local News National Denver7 Investigates Politics Unplugged Politics DecodeDC Trending The NOW Denver Archive News Tips Marijuana Denver News Podcast Election 2016 Election Results Domestic Violence Conquering Addiction Entertainment + Celebrity News TV Listings Contests Crossword Sudoku Horoscope The List Lifestyle + Pets Travel Discover Colorado Food Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Real Estate Video + Live Video Recent Videos Right This Minute YouTube Channel Newsy Photos + Recent Galleries Your Photos Submit Photos Sports + Broncos Avalanche Nuggets Rockies Fishing Colorado BolderBOULDER Orange First College Sports Community + Community Events Celebrate Colorado Making Things Possible Rachel's Challenge Books for Kids 7Everyday Hero Special Olympics 7NEWS Book Club 7Readers are Leaders Holiday Heroes Marketplace + Insights into Insurance Tailgate Grilling Academy Mile High Living Healthy Living Tips New Year New You About + Contact Us News Team Mobile RSS Feeds Advertise Support Current 55 Partly Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 45° HI: -° LO: 45° HI: -° LO: 45° Full Forecast Traffic current alerts 3 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Police digging up backyard find evidence in case of missing pregnant Denver woman Kelsie Schelling TheDenverChannel.com Team 5:47 PM, Apr 14, 2017 denver | colorado | missing | pueblo | pregnant Share Article Previous Next Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Investigators with the Pueblo Police Department and Colorado Bureau of Investigation search through a Pueblo yard at a home that used to be occupied by Donthe Lucas. Pueblo Police Department Police in Pueblo are still searching for any clues that would hint at Kelsie Schelling's disappearance. She disappeared more than two years ago in 2013. Wrongful death lawsuits have been filed, however there is no resolution in the young woman's disappearance.  MORE | Read more on Schelling's case developments.    Copyright 2013 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next PUEBLO, Colo. – Day two of the search of a Pueblo home and backyard connected to the case of a pregnant Denver woman who went missing four years ago has turned up some evidence, though police won’t say what kind. Pueblo police and investigators with the Colorado Bureau of Investigation began searching at a home in the 5100 block of Manor Ridge Drive Thursday morning in the hope of finding new clues in the disappearance of Kelsie Schelling. The home used to be occupied by Donthe Lucas, Schelling’s boyfriend and the father of her unborn child. Lucas has long been considered a suspect in the case but he has never been convicted on any charges. On Friday, police told KRDO that investigators digging up the home’s backyard found some pieces of evidence. Though officers wouldn’t say what kind of evidence it is, they said it is not a body. Schelling was 21 years old and eight weeks pregnant when she vanished on Feb. 4, 2013. She had her first doctor’s visit and had seen a sonogram of her baby earlier that day. After the trip to the doctor and a shift at work, the Denver woman drove two hours south to Pueblo to visit Lucas, and has never been seen since. Lucas was found to have parked her car at an area Walmart the day after she disappeared, and an unidentified man picked it up and eventually dropped it off again at the St. Mary-Corwin Medical Center. Police recovered the vehicle Feb. 7. Schelling was never seen in surveillance video at either location. Investigators discovered through text messages that Schelling and Lucas had talked to one another once she had reached Pueblo, but the messages stopped shortly after she got there. Schelling’s family has long offered a reward for information leading investigators to their daughter or to an arrest and conviction of someone in her disappearance – upping the reward to $100,000 in February and organizing a Colorado Missing Persons Day event at the state Capitol on Feb. 3 Pueblo police say the investigation into the case remains ongoing and that they are looking for tips related to the case. To submit anonymous tips in the case, contact Pueblo Crime Stoppers at 542-STOP or go to their website. You can also contact the Colorado Bureau of Investigation at 303-239-4300. Enjoy this content? Follow Denver7 on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and download the Denver7 app on iOS and Android devices for continual access to breaking news, weather and sports. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article Related Investigators search Pueblo home in cold case A Share A A A Share Article Related Investigators search Pueblo home in cold case Read Full Story News Video Weather Traffic Consumer Sports Entertainment MarketplaceSupport 7NEWS & TheDenverChannel.com Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs News Staff Debbie's Deals TV Listings 7Everyday Hero Community Mile High Living RSS KMGH FCC Profile The Now Contests Mobile Apps 7NEWS Denver iPhone | iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhone | iPadAndroid Laff Network Stay Connected  facebook twitter instagram youtube Email Alerts Google+ Scripps TV Station Group © 2015 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin April 17. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EXPECT OVERNIGHT DELAYS ON I-95 SOUTHBOUND NEXT WEEK AT FREDERICKSBURG – Motorists can anticipate double lane closures on I-95 southbound between Sunday, April 2 ˗˗ Thursday, April 6 Next PostNext RT. 245 WILL REOPEN TO TRAFFIC LATE TOMORROW – Road closed from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. at Broad Run bridge for removal of barrier wall Search Recent Posts NZ Prescribed Fire 2017 (Prescribed Fire) Shovel (Wildfire) Cowbell Fire (Wildfire) 2017 Monongahela NF Prescribed Fire (Prescribed Fire) West Mims Fire (Wildfire) Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 3-7, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 3-7, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – North Hollymead Drive will be closed to traffic at its intersection with Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday during grading and paving across the entrances. A signed detour will direct traffic to South Hollymead Drive and back to North Hollymead Drive east of Route 29. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. (NEW) Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday-Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended –  Line Drive is closed to traffic between India Road and Zan Road through late April. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EXPECT OVERNIGHT DELAYS ON I-95 SOUTHBOUND NEXT WEEK AT FREDERICKSBURG – Motorists can anticipate double lane closures on I-95 southbound between Sunday, April 2 ˗˗ Thursday, April 6 Next PostNext RT. 245 WILL REOPEN TO TRAFFIC LATE TOMORROW – Road closed from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. at Broad Run bridge for removal of barrier wall Search Recent Posts NZ Prescribed Fire 2017 (Prescribed Fire) Shovel (Wildfire) Cowbell Fire (Wildfire) 2017 Monongahela NF Prescribed Fire (Prescribed Fire) West Mims Fire (Wildfire) Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Celebrating Easter and Spring With DIY Expert Lynn Lilly on Tips on TV Blog Founder of CraftBoxGirls.com Shares Her Super Secrets for Celebrating the Holidays with Budget Friendly Recipes and Craft Inspiration News provided by Tips on TV / Lynn Lilly Apr 14, 2017, 18:30 ET Share this article ATLANTA, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Easter holiday involves many traditions.  For many people Easter is a holiday that involves bringing family and friends together.  In fact, food, fashions and getting creative are an important part of the festivities. Lynn Lilly the Founder of CraftBoxGirls and author of "Screen-Free Crafts Kids Will Love!" shared some timely recipes and craft ideas for making this a memorable Easter holiday. A GREAT APPETIZER FOR WHEN THE FAMILY COMES TOGETHER Lynn gives her expert tips on celebrating Easter! A tasty appetizer recipe is Baked Hummus with Crunchmaster's Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers. By focusing on wholesome ingredients from trusted sources, Crunchmaster™ has crafted simply delicious snacks to fit every healthy lifestyle. That is because Crunchmaster™ Crackers are gluten-free, non-GMO, and oven baked to deliver seriously crunchy satisfaction for the perfect spring treat. This recipe is so easy, all that is needed is some hummus, feta cheese, Kalamata olives, chopped fresh tomato and olive oil.  Just layer into a baking dish and bake for 20 minutes and you have a delicious appetizer that the whole family can share! For this and other recipes, check out www.crunchmaster.com. Baked Hummus Serve with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers Ingredients (2) 7 oz. containers of plain prepared hummus 1 ¼ cup crumbled feta cheese 2/3 cup chopped Kalamata olives 2/3 cup chopped fresh tomato 2 Tbsp olive oil Directions Spread hummus evenly into an 8×8 inch square baking dish. Sprinkle with feta cheese, being sure to evenly cover the surface. In a separate bowl, gently toss the tomatoes and olives together until blended well. Layer the olive and tomato mixture on top of the feta cheese. Drizzle with 2 Tbsp olive oil. Bake at 350°F for 15 to 20 minutes. Serve warm with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers SUGGESTIONS FOR A TASTY BEVERAGE FOR EASTER CELEBRATIONS LaCroix sparkling water is the perfect alternative to unhealthy beverages being that it is all natural. Drink it daily because it is zero calories, zero sweeteners, and zero sodium, making it completely innocent. When it comes to entertaining, create festive mocktails with LaCroix sparkling water. Any thoughtful host or hostess should always provide a non-alcoholic option for their guests. LaCroix comes in 20 different flavors, making it hard to pick just one, so in addition to serving single cans at parties, the Mure Pepino Lemon Fizz is perfect in a spring mocktail. Simply muddle blackberries, lemon juice and a little bit of honey in the bottom of a glass, pour in a can of LaCroix Curate Mure Pepino, add ice, and voila! You cannot go wrong serving your friends and family a beverage that is 100% innocent! For more information visit, www.lacroixwater.com LaCroix Cúrate Blackberry Lemon Fizz Ingredients 1 can LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino 1/2 cup blackberries 1 tbsp lemon juice 1 tbsp honey cucumber for garnish Instructions: Muddle the blackberries, lemon juice and honey in the bottom of a glass. Add ice and top with LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino. Garnish with blackberries and cucumber. EASTER BASKET MUST-HAVES Easter can't be celebrated without eggs! According to a 2017 survey, approximately half of respondents who celebrate the holiday say Easter eggs are an essential part of the holiday. Chocolate Easter eggs are definitely a fan favorite. This year The Hershey Company is putting all kinds of eggs in Easter baskets by announcing a variety of new egg-shaped candies including Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment, Hershey's Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Eggs and Reese's Peanut Butter Crème Egg, available at Walmart. For more information visit, www.thehersheycompany.com. MORE EASTER FAVORITES! No Easter basket is complete without chocolate eggs! With the continued success of the Reese's Peanut Butter Egg, this season Hershey is debuting the Reese's Peanut Butter Crème Egg. Rounding out the egg-inspired items this season are the Hershey's Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Egg, capturing the taste of marshmallow wrapped in creamy milk chocolate, and the Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment so there is no need to choose a favorite! For more information visit,  www.thehersheycompany.com Related Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQM_B-v0MQA This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/celebrating-easter-and-spring-with-diy-expert-lynn-lilly-on-tips-on-tv-blog-300439950.html SOURCE Tips on TV / Lynn Lilly Related Links https://craftboxgirls.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Celebrating Easter and Spring With DIY Expert Lynn Lilly on Tips on TV Blog News provided by Tips on TV / Lynn Lilly Apr 14, 2017, 18:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, April 15, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News China Warns of ‘Storm Clouds’ on Korean Peninsula By GERRY MULLANY, CHRIS BUCKLEY and DAVID E. SANGER 2:09 AM ET China urged an end to “mutual provocation,” cautioning that tensions between the U.S., South Korea and North Korea could run out of control. North Korea also threatened to attack major American military bases in South Korea, warning that it could annihilate them “within minutes.”  Comments North Korea May Be Preparing Its 6th Nuclear Test Visiting the Trump White House? No One Has to Know By JULIE HIRSCHFELD DAVIS The decision effectively bars the public from knowing which activists, lobbyists and political donors are gaining access to the president and his aides on a daily basis. DeVos Halts Obama Plan for Student Loan Management By STACY COWLEY and JESSICA SILVER-GREENBERG In another reversal of previous policies, Betsy DeVos hit the reset button on a plan to streamline a much-maligned patchwork of loan servicers. A Giant U.S. Bomb Carries an Even Bigger Message By ERIC SCHMITT, HELENE COOPER and C. J. CHIVERS 9:13 PM ET To potential adversaries, the bombing could signal deterrence. For the U.S. public, it underscored the Pentagon’s more aggressive stance under President Trump. 2:06 A Closer Look at the ISIS Threat in Afghanistan By CAMILLA SCHICK, MUJIB MASHAL and MARK SCHEFFLER More in Politics Trump Raises Millions for 2020 Re-election Bid 11:22 PM ET House’s Inquiry Into Russia Points a Congressman to Cyprus In Reversal, Trump Names Pick to Reshape Export-Import Bank, Not End It 9:32 PM ET The Daily 360 1:43 5 Ways to Get a Picture-Perfect Home Linda Jaquez for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Razing the Hamptons With vacant lots hard to come by and buyers clamoring for ever-larger homes, even a house built little more than a decade ago might be a candidate for a teardown. By MARCELLE SUSSMAN FISCHLER Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living All the Recipes You Need for Your Easter Feast From lamb to asparagus to homemade Peeps, here’s what to cook on Easter Sunday. Questions and Answers on Student Loan Forgiveness Ron Lieber, The Times’s Your Money columnist, will be on hand Friday at 2:30 p.m. Eastern time, along with a student loan expert, Rohit Chopra, to answer your queries about student loan forgiveness. Submit your questions below. Arkansas Judge Moves to Block Executions Amid Turmoil By ALAN BLINDER 9:05 PM ET A judge’s order forbidding the use of an execution drug came on an afternoon of legal chaos concerning the pending execution of seven condemned killers in the state. Choate Culture Made It Difficult to Report Abuse By ALAN FEUER 9:10 PM ET A long list of administrators at the prestigious boarding school kept sexual abuse under wraps and did not report accusations as the law required. How Bad Is the Drug Overdose Epidemic? By JOSH KATZ In this interactive quiz, draw the trends in deaths from guns, the H.I.V. epidemic, car accidents and drug overdoses.  Comments O’Reilly’s Actions Said to Help Cost Fox Its Rising Star By EMILY STEEL and MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT 9:19 PM ET Bill O’Reilly’s response to complaints about sexual harassment at Fox News prompted Megyn Kelly to send an angry email to top executives. She later jumped to NBC. Innovator Who Shaped Modern Computing Dies at 85 By JOHN MARKOFF Robert Taylor’s work was instrumental in the creation of the internet, the modern personal computer and the mouse.  Comments Amex, Challenged by Chase, Is Losing the Snob War By CHARLES DUHIGG American Express’s hold on the affluent fantasies of up-and-coming elites is starting to wobble as other companies close in. On Pro Basketball Knicks’ Phil Jackson Ends Silence, but Not Turmoil By HARVEY ARATON 9:19 PM ET Speaking to local reporters he had avoided since September, Jackson, the team’s president for three seasons, said the Knicks were still several years away from being a contender. A Mayoral Hopeful Must First Get Past the Co-Op Board By J. DAVID GOODMAN Roque de la Fuente, a possible New York mayoral candidate, filed a motion in federal court claiming that a Fifth Avenue co-op board illegally rejected him this year because of his Mexican heritage. 10 Things to Do in New York City Now By LOUIS LUCERO II Here’s a sampling of cultural highlights this weekend and over the week ahead. More News Andy Karl, Star of Musical ‘Groundhog Day,’ Is Hurt in Preview Train Stuck in Tunnel 3 Hours, Then Stun Gun Sparks Stampede Eluding Gangs in Honduras, Then a Fatal Meeting in Long Island Uber Wants to Rule the World. First It Must Conquer India. Overseas Adoptions by Americans Continue to Decline The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. ‘Oslo’ Fills a Large Canvas in a Thrilling Production Bartlett Sher’s masterly production of J.T. Rogers’s drama about the Oslo Accords is reborn as the colossus it was always meant to be. The Hummingbird and the Pine Tree I grew up constantly flitting from place to place, but my husband’s roots are strong and sturdy. How Do You Explain the Chainsmokers? In three years, the duo has had several hits while offending all sorts of people. What does its sound say about EDM? A panel discussion, on Popcast. The Opinion Pages Editorial Mr. Cuomo’s Free* College Plan There are a lot of holes in the scholarship program.  Comments Editorial: The One-Sided Gun War of the Sexes Brooks: The Cuomo College Fiasco Cohen: The Inspiration of Ample India Krugman: Can Trump Take Health Care Hostage? Tebow’s Test of Faith My First Antiwar Protest Join us on Facebook » The Wrong Way to Keep Kids Safe From Predators By MICHELLE STEVENS They need more than protection; they need the chance to develop survival skills.  Comments Why I Love Ugly Uniforms By TODD RADOM Nothing brings me joy like the blinding outfits of some 1970s baseball teams.  Comments Collins: ‘Fearless Girl’ Doesn’t Need Any Bull User Subscriptions Cultivating Serendipity: A Visit to the New York Times ‘Morgue’ When in Rome ... Yes, You Can Have Rice on Passover Times Insider » Cultivating Serendipity: A Visit to the New York Times ‘Morgue’ The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Weekend Reads From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Travel How to Save Money on an Italian Vacation My First Antiwar Protest I was 16, from rural Connecticut. Nobody in my high school was vocally opposed to the Vietnam War. Times Insider A Visit to the New York Times ‘Morgue’ Book Review White Family in Africa Faces Islamist Unrest Opinion The One-Sided Gun War of the Sexes Book Review A New Biography of Martin Luther Book Review Two New Books About Race and Crime Opinion What’s in Your Microwave Oven? Why it took so long for the now-ubiquitous appliance, 50 years old this year, to catch on. N.Y. / Region Is Ellis Island in New York or New Jersey? Opinion Can Putin Influence the French Election? Opinion Tebow’s Test of Faith N.Y. / Region Still Noisy After All These Years Sections World » A Giant U.S. Bomb Carries an Even Bigger Message Le Pen’s Inner Circle Fuels Doubt About Bid to ‘Un-Demonize’ Her Party Turkey’s Erdogan: Democracy’s Savior or Saboteur? Business Day » Treasury Says China Isn’t a Currency Meddler, After Trump Reversal O’Reilly’s Behavior Said to Have Helped Drive Megyn Kelly Out at Fox DeVos Halts Obama-Era Plan to Revamp Student Loan Management Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Filing Taxes in Japan Is a Breeze. Why Not Here? Editorial: Jeff Sessions, Unleashed at the Border David Brooks: The Cuomo College Fiasco U.S. » Does a Uniform Keep Officers in Line? The Baltimore Chief Thinks So Arkansas Judge Moves to Block Executions Georgia Officers are Fired After Kicking Man at Traffic Stop Technology » Uber Wants to Rule the World. First It Must Conquer India. As New Zealand Courts Tech Talent, Isolation Becomes a Draw Apple Gets Permit to Test Self-Driving Cars in California Arts » Review: Renée Fleming’s Poignant Farewell to ‘Der Rosenkavalier’ Anatomy of a Scene: F. Gary Gray on Shooting in Cuba for ‘The Fate of the Furious’ Critic's Notebook: On Season 6 of ‘Veep,’ Satire Meets Its Match Politics » Trump Raises Millions for 2020 Re-election Bid David Donaldson, Economist Who Studies Trade Benefits, Wins Clark Medal McCaskill’s Survival Plan in Pro-Trump Missouri: Stay in the Center Fashion & Style » Fashion Media: Vogue Arabia Suddenly Changes Editors Modern Love: A Dose of Empathy From My Syrian Doctor Party Coverage: Scene City: In and Out of Costume Movies » Review: Family Values and Hot Rides in ‘Fate of the Furious’ A Sisterhood of Scares Review: ‘A Quiet Passion’ Poetically Captures Emily Dickinson New York » Choate Rosemary Hall, a Very Private School, Publicly Catalogs Its Sins At Choate, Decades of ‘I’d Rather Let It Go at That’ Glimpse of an Immigrant Neighborhood in a Good Friday Tradition Sports » Why Base Stealers Target Noah Syndergaard On Pro Basketball: Knicks’ Phil Jackson Breaks the Silence, but the Turmoil Is Intact Quest for On-Ice Equality Echoes a Fight From 30 Years Ago Theater » Andy Karl, Star of Musical ‘Groundhog Day,’ Is Injured During Preview Review: ‘Oslo’ Fills a Large Canvas in a Thrilling Production Impossible to Stage? Multimedia Impresarios Take On Paul Auster Science » Plumes From Saturn’s Moon Enceladus Hint That It Could Support Life Do Your Shoelaces Keep Coming Undone? Engineers Explain Why Trilobites: A Dinosaur Cousin’s Crocodile Ankles Surprise Paleontologists Obituaries » Robert Taylor, Innovator Who Shaped Modern Computing, Dies at 85 Joan See, Who Acted in TV Ads and Helped Others Do That, Dies at 83 Dr. Mark Wainberg, Who Identified a Key AIDS Drug, Dies at 71 Television » How ‘Survivor’ and CBS Prepared for Outrage at Transgender Contestant’s Outing Review: ‘The Leftovers’ Has One More Cosmic Joke to Tell A Word With: Carrie Coon, the Simultaneous Star of ‘The Leftovers’ and ‘Fargo’ Health » 6 Things I Learned About Ulcers St. Jude Medical Played Down Defibrillator Failures for Years, F.D.A. Says Phys Ed: An Hour of Running May Add 7 Hours to Your Life Travel » Harlem’s French Renaissance 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Baltimore Update: In the Air, That Uneasy Feeling of Us vs. Them Books » Nonfiction: Power and Punishment: Two New Books About Race and Crime The Enthusiast: In Praise of Agatha Christie’s Accidental Sleuths Nonfiction: The Legacy of David Letterman, Icon of the Grizzled Generation Education » Loans ‘Designed to Fail’: States Say Navient Preyed on Students Voices of Navient’s Borrowers: ‘The Biggest Mistake of My Life’ Ex-Professor Says Dismissed Racketeering Case Is Still ‘Devastating’ Food » A Good Appetite: Putting the Tender in Pork Tenderloin The Pour: Wine Industry Finds a Companion in a Competitor: Marijuana Hungry City: The Smoky Allure of Lebanon Wafts Through Wafa’s Express Sunday Review » Opinion: The Myth of Main Street Editorial: Up Against the Wall Frank Bruni: What Happened to Who? Real Estate » Razing the Hamptons The Fix: 9 Ways to Make Your Home More Photogenic International Real Estate: House Hunting in ... Cape Town The Upshot » You Draw It: Just How Bad Is the Drug Overdose Epidemic? Public Health: Explaining the Health Payments That Trump Is Threatening to End A Healthy Nudge: How Behavioral Economics Can Produce Better Health Care Magazine » Feature: Inside Turkey’s Purge Feature: I Thought I Understood the American Right. Trump Proved Me Wrong. Feature: Mike Judge, the Bard of Suck Automobiles » Bigger, Faster, More Lavish: Americans Crave S.U.V.s, and Carmakers Oblige Driven: Video Review: Favorite S.U.V.s, From Most Affordable to Luxurious G.M. Takes a Back Seat to Tesla as America’s Most Valued Carmaker T Magazine » Going Home With the Artist David Salle A Virtual Tour of a Larger-Than-Life Art Installation On Beauty: Braids Are Back on Top Times Insider » Cultivating Serendipity: A Visit to the New York Times ‘Morgue’ What We’re Reading Save the Date: April 28: Go Under the Ice With the Team Behind the VR Film ‘Antarctica’ Real Estate » Living In Nutley, N.J.: A Place to Stick Around In By VIVIAN MARINO A suburb with urban conveniences easy to reach on foot, and home to generations of families. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Cancel Subscription Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 April 2017 by Military News Celebrating Easter and Spring With DIY Expert Lynn Lilly on Tips on TV Blog ATLANTA, April 14, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Easter holiday involves many traditions.  For many people Easter is a holiday that involves bringing family and friends together.  In fact, food, fashions and getting creative are an important part of the festivities. Lynn Lilly the Founder of CraftBoxGirls and author of „Screen-Free Crafts Kids Will Love!” shared some timely recipes and craft ideas for making this a memorable Easter holiday. A GREAT APPETIZER FOR WHEN THE FAMILY COMES TOGETHER A tasty appetizer recipe is Baked Hummus with Crunchmaster’s Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers. By focusing on wholesome ingredients from trusted sources, Crunchmaster™ has crafted simply delicious snacks to fit every healthy lifestyle. That is because Crunchmaster™ Crackers are gluten-free, non-GMO, and oven baked to deliver seriously crunchy satisfaction for the perfect spring treat. This recipe is so easy, all that is needed is some hummus, feta cheese, Kalamata olives, chopped fresh tomato and olive oil.  Just layer into a baking dish and bake for 20 minutes and you have a delicious appetizer that the whole family can share! For this and other recipes, check out www.crunchmaster.com. Baked Hummus Serve with Crunchmaster™ Sea Salt Multi-Grain Crackers Ingredients Directions SUGGESTIONS FOR A TASTY BEVERAGE FOR EASTER CELEBRATIONS LaCroix sparkling water is the perfect alternative to unhealthy beverages being that it is all natural. Drink it daily because it is zero calories, zero sweeteners, and zero sodium, making it completely innocent. When it comes to entertaining, create festive mocktails with LaCroix sparkling water. Any thoughtful host or hostess should always provide a non-alcoholic option for their guests. LaCroix comes in 20 different flavors, making it hard to pick just one, so in addition to serving single cans at parties, the Mure Pepino Lemon Fizz is perfect in a spring mocktail. Simply muddle blackberries, lemon juice and a little bit of honey in the bottom of a glass, pour in a can of LaCroix Curate Mure Pepino, add ice, and voila! You cannot go wrong serving your friends and family a beverage that is 100% innocent! For more information visit, www.lacroixwater.com LaCroix Cúrate Blackberry Lemon Fizz Ingredients Instructions: Muddle the blackberries, lemon juice and honey in the bottom of a glass. Add ice and top with LaCroix Cúrate Muré Pepino. Garnish with blackberries and cucumber. EASTER BASKET MUST-HAVES Easter can’t be celebrated without eggs! According to a 2017 survey, approximately half of respondents who celebrate the holiday say Easter eggs are an essential part of the holiday. Chocolate Easter eggs are definitely a fan favorite. This year The Hershey Company is putting all kinds of eggs in Easter baskets by announcing a variety of new egg-shaped candies including Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment, Hershey’s Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Eggs and Reese’s Peanut Butter Crème Egg, available at Walmart. For more information visit, www.thehersheycompany.com. MORE EASTER FAVORITES! No Easter basket is complete without chocolate eggs! With the continued success of the Reese’s Peanut Butter Egg, this season Hershey is debuting the Reese’s Peanut Butter Crème Egg. Rounding out the egg-inspired items this season are the Hershey’s Milk Chocolate Covered Marshmallow Egg, capturing the taste of marshmallow wrapped in creamy milk chocolate, and the Cadbury Mini Crème Egg Assortment so there is no need to choose a favorite! For more information visit,  www.thehersheycompany.com Related Video http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MQM_B-v0MQA This content was issued through the press release distribution service at Newswire.com. For more info visit: http://www.newswire.com. SOURCE Tips on TV / Lynn Lilly CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious StubHub Center Foundation and LA Galaxy Foundation Host Sold-Out 11th Annual Easter Egg Hunt Next PostNext Meetings Mean Business in Albuquerque Search Recent Posts Embraer Establishes Foundation in the United States The Easter Bunny Hops on over to Fred Jordan Mission to Celebrate Easter with Hundreds of Homeless & Poor Children & Their Families on Skid Row Greater Palm Springs Convention & Visitors Bureau Board Member Elected into ASEAN Travel and Tourism Hall of Fame El Equipo Catarí se Coronó Campeón de la Cuarta Edición del Campeonato Universitario Internacional de Debate Árabe Meisterkrone für das Team von Katar bei der vierten International Universities Arabic Debating Championship Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. Bad weather on Tuesday will postpone the closure until Wednesday. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin Monday. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious INVESTOR ALERT: Brower Piven Encourages Shareholders Who Have Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In Signet Jewelers Limited To Contact Brower Piven Before The Lead Plaintiff Deadline In Class Action Lawsuit Next PostNext Welding Wire Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Trending Regions 2017 Search Recent Posts Jump On It, Latest Single By Mega EDM Label Armada, Expands Up-And-Coming ADN Lewis’s Global Fan Base New Case Study From Web 20 Ranker Reveals Newest GMB Ranking Factors For Google Possum Filter PID Controllers Market 2017: Production, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 How To Replace Airwheel E6 Smart Electric Bike’s Rear Fender and Front Inner Tube  Here is important news for the people who are looking for the luscious cakes Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
  Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Sheknows TV Guide Community Video Parenting Pregnancy Baby Names Baby Tips & Advice Toddler & Preschoolers K-12 Schools & Education Family Fun How-Tos Food Cooking & Entertaining Quick & Easy Recipes Healthy Recipes Brunch Recipes Drink Recipes Dessert Recipes All Recipes How-Tos Entertainment Movies Celebrity Gossip Television Books Music Beauty & Style Fashion & Style Makeup Skin Care Hair How-Tos Love Relationships Dating Sex Weddings How Tos Health Well-being Diet Workouts Children’s Health How-Tos Living Travel Crafts Careers Finance How-Tos Pets Home Decor & Style Home Improvement Organizing Outdoor Living How-Tos Special Series Featured Partners Best Deals Best Reviews Sheknows TV Guide Facebook Twitter59.8k Pinterest159k Google Plus5.7k Sign up for our Newsletters Contact Us Advertise AdChoices Careers Community Guidelines Privacy Policy Terms of Use About us SheKnows Family SheKnows Canada SheKnows UK SheKnows Australia BlogHer Soaps StyleCaster DailyMakeover DrinksMixer SheKnows Media ‐ Family 14614 North Kierland Boulevard S150 Scottsdale, AZ 85254 Phone: (480) 237-7100 Contact: corporate.sheknows.com © Copyright 2003-2017 SheKnows, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Connect with Facebook Connect with Twitter Connect with Google SheKnows Connect Create an account Sign out Start writing Video Share Tweet Pin Share Share this Story Share Tweet Pin Share Stumble Share CopyCopied! Email Print What would you like to know? Search results for: PARENTING / Family Fun Adorable Homemade Easter Baskets You Can DIY in a Snap NEXT STORY 35 Family Beach Gear Items Essential to a Successful Trip to the Shore 19 hours ago by Amy Hatch Amy Hatch began her career as a print journalist, and now works as a freelance writer and editor. She lives in Urbana, Ill. with her husband and two children. View Profile Image: Tom Merton/OJO Images/Getty Images Print Your kids love for the beach will multiply times 10 when you bring these fun products Share Tweet Pin Share Tumble Combined comments & shares on social media Everybody loves the beach, but let's be real, sitting in the sand staring at the ocean can go awry real quick without the proper accoutrements — especially when little kids are involved. Luckily, all it takes is a few key items to really get the beach party started. We rounded up the best products out there to make this summer's beach trips the best ever. Velcro catch Image: Amazon Remember these from back in the day? Who knew a tennis ball and a little bit of velcro was all we needed for hours of entertainment. (Amazon, $9) More: Turn a Plain Cardboard Box Into a Super Cool Playhouse With this Easy DIY Umbrella hooks Image: Amazon How can you have fun with your kids if all you can worry about is someone stepping on your sunglasses or losing your keys? Umbrella hooks don't seem essential, but they really are — if only for peace of mind. (Amazon, $10) Seahorse large cooler bag Image: SoYoung This cooler bag is perfect for stowing essentials, or use it as a small extra cooler for beverages or fruit. (SoYoung, $35) Beachfront baby wrap Image: Amazon This baby wrap is made especially for warm weather, so you and your child won't overheat. It's also quick dry and perfect to take in the water. (Amazon, $43) Sand-Off! sand removal mitt Image: Walmart Leave the sand at the beach with this clever gadget that makes getting clean super easy. (Walmart, $9) Floatable waterproof phone case Image: Amazon Nothing will ruin your day faster than a ruined phone. Keep your iPhone safe from sand and surf with this dry bag that floats. (Amazon, $10) Waterproof iPad case Image: Walmart Ditto for the iPad. If you're using this waterproof tablet case, you don't need to worry. (Walmart, $21) Toweligator beach clamp Image: Amazon This clever clamp can be used in hundreds of ways. Use it to keep a towel wrapped around your toddler, to hold your sunglasses while you're in the water or anchor your beach blanket. (Amazon, $10 for two clips) Beach thingy Image: Fab Yes, this neat little chair is really called Beach Thingy. This chair has prongs — just stick it in the sand, set it to the most comfortable angle and sit back and relax. (Beach Thing, $20) Picnic Time portable Ventura reclining seat Image: Amazon This lightweight backpack chair comes in fun colors and is made of polyester-covered cushion for maximum durability and comfort. It can be adjusted to six different positions. (Amazon, $60) KidCo GoPod activity seat Image: Target Why should the grown-ups be the only ones who get to sit in a beach chair? The KidCo GoPod Activity Seat folds up into a bag with a shoulder strap. Perfect for keeping curious toddlers contained. (Target, $50) Sand-Away beach sheet Image: Amazon If a beach blanket is more your style, how about one that repels sand, dries fast and weighs next to nothing? A carry bag is included with this washable blanket. (Amazon, $30) Vertty beach towel Image: Vertty Don’t waste your money on cheap beach towels that shred after one season. Instead consider investing in a Vertty, which comes in a unique shape, with a waterproof pocket and in a size large enough to cozy up in with a friend — or to use as a nursing cover on the go. (Vertty, $59) Lightload beach towels Image: Amazon While a full-size towel is great, they can be hard to tote. Keep a couple of these full-size towels, compressed to the size of a hockey puck, tucked in your beach bag for an extra-wet day. (Amazon, $10) Sunsnapz midi blanket Image: Sunsnapz Keeping the sun off baby's delicate skin is a snap with this blanket, designed to provide lightweight coverage at SPF 50+. (Sunsnapz, $39) Quut Scoppi sand scoop Image: Magic Cabin This cool shovel toy lets kids use their hands and feet to help move enough sand to build some amazing castles. And, the hollow handle doubles as a water funnel and the design makes it easy for little hands to use. (Magic Cabin, $30) HandTrux backhoe Image: Amazon Perfect for digging huge moats or burying Mom or Dad in the sand, the HandTrux Backhoe gives kids (and grown-ups) extra excavating power for hours of fun. (Amazon, $18) Underwater camera Image: Amazon This camera is a bit of a splurge, but underwater family photos are the coolest. (Amazon, $84) Vacation vault Image: Safego Don't fret about leaving your keys, smartphone and wallet on the shore while you go for a dip. Lock them all up in this small, portable safe. (Safego, $40) Green beach toys Image: Walmart If you still feel guilty about the plastic shovel you left on the beach in 1987, these eco-friendly sand toys are for you. (Walmart, $15)  Quut Ballo water bucket Image: Amazon This unique ball-shaped bucket will make building sand castles and washing hands so much easier. The round design helps prevent spills. (Amazon, $20) SmartShield sunscreen towelettes with insect repellent Image: SmartShield/Twitter Stay safe from the sun and also ward off insect bites with these handy towelettes from SmartShield. They contain SPF 30, are free of DEET and only need to be reapplied every four hours. (SmartShield, $13) Supergoop SPF 30+ endless summer pump Image: Dermstore You can never have too much sunscreen. This 18-ounce pump bottle will keep your kids — and you — safe all summer. (Dermstore, $48) Sand rollers Image: Amazon These lightweight toys make playing in the sand more creative than ever. Use them to make different textures and patterns. (Amazon, $25 for 5) Djubi Classic Image: Amazon This twist on paddleball turns your paddle into a slingshot that launches the ball at your opponent. (Amazon, $23) Waboba Pro ball Image: Amazon This fun little toy bounces on water, making it perfect for playing in the waves. (Amazon, $9) Invisible playing cards Image: Amazon If you’d rather relax in the shade, bring along these plastic playing cards. They're waterproof and perfect for a game of solitaire. (Amazon, $7) A PocketExpert Guide to Marine Invertebrates Image: Amazon Answer the question, "Hey, Mom, what's this?" in a snap with this handy guide to marine life. (Amazon, $18) Itzy Ritzy Travel Happens sealed wet bag Image: Itzy Ritzy These leakproof zippered bags are perfect for toting diapers, wet bathing suits and even sandy shoes with a minimum of mess. (Itzy Ritzy, $18) Beach flag Image: Displays2Go Make it easy for everyone to stay together with this beach flag, which can be personalized to mark your turf by the surf. (Displays2Go, $109) iPlay Flexi Specs toddler sunglasses A post shared by Babiators (@babiators) on Apr 10, 2017 at 7:02pm PDT Keep your toddler's eyes protected and keep them looking stylish. (Babiators, $20) Deluxe picnic tote Image: Beachstore.com OK, this tote is definitely an investment, but it's totally well worth it. (Beachstore.com, $266) Monogrammed beach drink holders Image: Etsy Keep your can out of the sand with these cute, personalized drink holders. (Etsy, $16) Picnic Plus tub cooler Image: Amazon Bring the party to the beach with this portable cooler that keeps food and drink above sea level. (Amazon, $52) More: Danish Babies Cry Less Than Other Babies, Study Finds — But Why? Before you go, check out our slideshow below: Image: Frank and Helena/Getty Images Originally published July 2014. Updated April 2017. Tagged in beach accessories family activities summer activities Comments Follow Us Facebook Twitter59.8k Pinterest159k Google Plus5.7k RSS SheKnows Media ‐ Family Slideshows Teach Your Kids their ABCs the Easy Way With Free Printables 16 Parent Hacks You Need In Your Life 12 Parenting Books Every Mom Needs in Her Library 20 Simple Easter Crafts Kids Can (Almost) Do on Their Own Subscribe to SheKnows Parenting Get our best mom advice and ideas. Please enter a valid email address. Related Articles 7 reasons a cruise is the perfect family getaway by Julie Sprankles Sponsored 8 family-friendly New Year's Eve ideas you can plan at the last minute by Megan Zander Dec 31, 2016 10 ways to keep your family active over Thanksgiving break by Jill Robbins Nov 16, 2016 Today's Big Stories SheKnows Is Nominated for a 2017 Webby Award — and We Need Your Vote! What Your Teenage Daughter Wants You to Know — but Won't Tell You My Male Partner Won’t Agree to a Sperm Analysis — Now What? Hot New in Parenting Close The menu button now contains all of the sections of our site. And you'll see personalized content just for you whenever you click the My Feed . SheKnows is making some changes! b e  h e a r d ! Welcome to the new SheKnows Community, where you can share your stories, ideas and CONNECT with millions of women. Get Started
null
News Trailers Reviews Upcoming Heroes Pop Games TV   Games The Strange Thing About The Sales For Legend Of Zelda: Breath Of The Wild By William Usher 11 hours ago The NPD Group released some group estimates and hard figures for the physical retail sales for home consoles throughout March of 2017, and oh boy was it a doozy. The big surprise was the Nintendo Switch sales, and the even bigger surprise was Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild's sales. According to a press release issued by Nintendo following up on the release of the NPD numbers, the Big 'N' revealed that the Nintendo Switch moved 906,000 stock keeping units in North America throughout the month of March starting on March 3rd up until the 31st. But that's not the strange part... the strange part deals with the sales of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. The game moved a total of 1.3 million units both at retail and via digital distribution. Out of those 1.3 million, 460,000 units were sold for the Wii U home console. That's not too impressive for the Wii U, but that means that the remaining 925,000 units were moved for the Nintendo Switch. Keep in mind these are all figures for North America. So if we do the math, only 906,000 Switch units were sold in America while 925,000 units of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild were sold in America. That means that the game does not have a 1:1, 100% software attachment rate it means that it has more than a 102% software attachment rate to the system. This is a historical anomaly because I've never heard of a first-party game selling more units on a platform than the platform itself. Nintendo chalks this up to people who purchased two different renditions of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, a normal version to play, and a limited collector's edition as memorabilia. If you check some of the comment sections for places like NowInStock.com, there are some people who have a slightly different tale to tell. Some of them who pre-ordered from places like Wal-Mart are saying that when they purchased bundled packs for the Nintendo Switch they would receive the accessories and the game -- The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild -- but the system didn't always arrive because the retailer would fulfill in-store pick-ups over those who pre-ordered the system or ordered the bundle from online. So in those cases, some people have had their games paid for and they arrived on time but the system was on a delay. Also, since the Nintendo Switch is region free some people have commented that they purchased a Nintendo Switch from Japan or Europe since stock supplies in the U.S., have been short, and then they bought The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild from a local retailer or from Amazon. In this case, the NPD chart would not count the purchase of an imported Nintendo Switch toward the total of the U.S., figures, but they would count Breath of the Wild toward that figure. So there appears to be a number of factors contributing to Legend of Zelda having a higher attach rate to the Switch than actual Switch consoles being available in America. Leave a Comment Subscribe To Topics You're Interested In close Subscribe To Topics You're Interested In I've already subscribed Blended From Around The Web Comments Facebook Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Back to top Related Here's What The Next Nintendo Direct Will Be About Jackbox Party Pack 3 Is On The Way For The Switch One Way Syberia 3 Will Change For The Nintendo Switch Headlines Daredevil Season 3: What We Know So Far How Aquaman May Be Using Ocean Master Top Games The Last Of Us 2 Pokemon Go Plus Final Fantasy 15 Attack on Titan The Legend of Zelda Halo 5 Sims 4 Cheat Codes Hot Topics The Star Wars: The Last Jedi Trailer Is Here, And It's A Stunner How Mark Hamill Feels About Luke Not Getting A Reunion With Han In The Force Awakens 8 Huge Surprises The Star Wars: The Last Jedi Trailer Just Revealed How Luke's Line In The Last Jedi Trailer Could Change The Star Wars Saga Moving Forward The Hilarious Way Geoff Johns Debunked The Recent Batman Rumors How A Black Widow Solo Movie Would Do, According To Chris Evans Will Finn and Poe's Relationship Continue In The Last Jedi? Here's What John Boyega Said Why Marvel Movies And TV Shows Won't Crossover In The Foreseeable Future Carrie Fisher In Star Wars: Episode 9? Kathleen Kennedy Clears Up The Rumor 9 Important Star Wars Questions We Still Have After The Last Jedi Trailer Top Movies Wonder Woman New Movie Releases Power Rangers The Avengers: Infinity War Spider-Man: Homecoming Shazam Movie Ready Player One Movie Follow Us 475K 0 49K 2017 New Movie Releases 2017 Netflix Premiere Schedule 2017 Midseason TV Premiere Schedule News Trailers Reviews Upcoming Heroes Pop Games TV About Us FAQ Privacy Policy Jobs Contact RSS Facebook Twitter YouTube Gateway Blend ©copyright 2017
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking USA Society Can the 'Charging Bull' sculptor control his artwork's meaning? Arturo Di Modica says a statue placed in front of his iconic bronze bull has changed its meaning, but can and should artists have control over how their work is viewed?  Monitor's Best: Top 5 Enceladus ocean jets spew hydrogen: Hint of life? What might a conflict with North Korea look like? Amid Arkansas death penalty debate, concern for the executioners Chicago schools' big experiment with a different disciplinary tool: empathy Why United Airlines fiasco resonated with so many Popular Now Enceladus ocean jets spew hydrogen: Hint of life? What might a conflict with North Korea look like? First Look What makes a knot strong? Scientists have figured out how your shoelaces untie themselves. Amid Arkansas death penalty debate, concern for the executioners Chicago schools' big experiment with a different disciplinary tool: empathy Photos of the day 04/14 SUBSCRIBE The 'Charging Bull' and 'Fearless Girl' statues are sit on Lower Broadway in New York. Since 1989 the bronze bull has stood in New York City's financial district as an image of the might and hard-charging spirit of Wall Street. But the installation of the bold girl defiantly standing in the bull's path has transformed the meaning of one of New York's best-known public artworks. Mark Lennihan/AP | Caption Loading... Ben Rosen Staff | @Benji_Rosen April 14, 2017 —When a three-and-a-half ton bronze bull was left without a permit in front of the New York Stock Exchange in the dead of night in 1989, its sculptor intended the beast to be a symbol of American strength and resilience in the face of the market crash two years earlier. Today, that same artist says he feels outraged – that his creation has been turned into a monster by another illegal sculpture placed in front of it last month. Arturo Di Modica and his legal team claim the sprightly, 4-foot-tall “Fearless Girl” violates his trademark, copyright, and moral rights as an artist. It is inevitable an artwork’s meaning will change over time. From Paleolithic wall paintings in Lascaux, France, to Michelangelo’s “Sistine Chapel,” to the Statue of Liberty, the environment and culture that surround art influence the way that it is viewed. But the abrupt change to “Charging Bull” has raised age-old questions about who can and should control the way art is seen and interpreted. The French concept of an artist’s moral rights, or droit moral, aims to protect the special relationship between a created work and its creator, sometimes referred to as an artist’s soul. But should this concept, adopted in the United States under the Visual Artists Rights Act of 1990 (VARA), enable artists to control the way they believe their works should viewed? What about the individuals or corporations who commission those works of art? And what role should policy play?    Amy Adler, a professor at New York University’s School of Law who specializes in art and free speech, thinks the evolution of an artwork’s meaning over time should be cultivated through public policy. Banksy: 7 stories from 'The Man Behind the Wall' “The bull sculpture captured something of that moment [in 1989]. The ‘Fearless Girl’ is capturing something of our moment. I would hope a subsequent sculpture of the future captures a future time,” she tells The Christian Science Monitor in a phone interview. “The possibility of changed meaning is, unsure, painful for an artist, but also something we should celebrate as a public policy matter.” “I think that’s exactly what any kind of arts policy ought to encourage,” she adds, “That dynamism of meaning that we see in the evolution of the space.” In numerous media interviews and a news conference on Wednesday, Di Modica emotionally expressed his belief that his bronze-patina bull should be a positive symbol for the United States and New York City, not a snorting animal facing off against a pigtailed girl, with her hands boldly on her hips. But one of his attorneys says his legal team does not dispute the new symbolism of the bull. Rather, they claim his trademark, copyright, and moral rights have been violated. “'Fearless Girl' was created for a commercial purpose to promote the [exchange-traded fund] known as SHE to promote State Street Global Advisors,” says Steven Hyman of the New York-based firm McLaughlin & Stern. “Somebody else is modifying his art to create another message they want, which is not his message.” Mr. Hyman was referring to the Boston-based investment company, which manages about $2.5 trillion in assets, and commissioned Delaware-artist Kristen Visbal to create “Fearless Girl,” according to MarketWatch. SHE is the company’s gender-diversity index State Street created to track companies that are gender diverse, according to The Washington Post. Twenty-five percent of the largest 3,000 US companies have no female directors, State Street has noted. Hyman and the rest of Di Modica’s legal team contend “Fearless Girl” is a publicity stunt to raise attention to this exchange-traded fund, and that the bull, which Di Modica has copyrighted and trademark, is a central part of this campaign. “The statue of the young girl becomes the ‘Fearless Girl’ only because of the ‘Charging Bull’: the work is incomplete without Mr. Di Modica’s Charging Bull, and as such it constitutes a derivative work of the Charging Bull,” reads a letter his lawyers sent New York Mayor Bill de Blasio earlier this week. “Clearly, a deliberate choice was made to exploit and to appropriate the Charging Bull through the placement of the Fearless Girl.” But his lawyers also argue the girl is an affront to Di Modica’s moral rights as an artist. In the United States, this right is protected under VARA, and includes preventing “any intentional distortion, mutilation, or other modification of that work which would be prejudicial to his or her honor or reputation.” Di Modica has sued several other companies in the past for what he described as unauthorized use of his work, including Wal-Mart and North Fork Bank, The New York Times reported in 2006. In response to the claims of Di Modica and his attorneys, State Street Global Advisors celebrated the sculpture’s reception in New York City and on social media. “Our goal with ‘Fearless Girl’ was to create a powerful symbol to stand as a reminder to corporations across the globe that having more women in leadership positions contributes to overall performance and strengthens our economy,” spokeswoman Anne McNally said in a statement shared with the Monitor.   This message was celebrated when the girl first appeared in front of the bull in Bowling Green park in Manhattan on March 8, also without a permit. In addition to praise from Chelsea Clinton and actress Jessica Chastain, two petitions urged the city to keep the statue in its place. New York announced it will remain there until at least 2018. But Di Modica and his lawyers want the girl statue moved elsewhere, in addition to paying him an unspecified amount in damages. They hope to resolve the dispute “amicably, but if it does go to court, Di Modica’s moral rights could come up as a key question. Noteworthy examples in the US involving this concept transplanted from France include the infamous “Tilted Arc” sculpture by Richard Serra dismantled without his approval, and a glass-covered condo building that flooded the neighboring Nasher Sculpture Center in Dallas with an excessive amount of light and threatening the live trees that had been planted as part of the exhibit. Ms. Adler at NYU also points to a dispute that reached the Supreme Court in 2009 between the city of Pleasant Grove, Utah, and the Summum Church. The church challenged the city’s ruling it couldn’t add its own religious monument to a public park. While the high court’s decision is considered important for government and art messaging, Justice Samuel Alito also explored an artwork’s transformation in his majority opinion, reflecting on the Statue of Liberty.  The statue was given to this country by the Third French Republic to express republican solidarity and friendship between the two countries.... At the inaugural ceremony, President Cleveland saw the statue as an emblem of international friendship and the widespread influence of American ideals. Only later did the statue come to be viewed as a beacon welcoming immigrants to a land of freedom.  Sergio Muñoz Sarmiento, art lawyer and founder of New York’s Art & Law Program, says it’s important, in the case of the bull and the girl, to distinguish who is dictating their meanings.   The “Fearless Girl,” he says, wasn’t the product of a student or an independent artist who created a bronze sculpture and erected it as a guerrilla installation in New York. “Given what is known, this act was by two commercial entities hiring a designer,” he says. Mr. Muñoz Sarmiento wonders if the commercialization of art in the US has degraded the moral rights some art should have. “The way that the art market is now, works of art are selling for millions of dollars,” he says. “The courts of law are no longer saying 'This is about pure expression.' This is probably now commercial activity. It’s no different than selling trinkets on eBay or selling goods on Fifth Avenue. Art may not be about expression anymore. It’s about pure commodity.” Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × But Alfred Steiner, another New York-based lawyer and artist, wonders if any one meaning can be ascribed to “Charging Bull.” “The artist may have made the work for a particular reason, but they lose control over that meaning over time,” he says.   Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit   Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Banksy: 7 stories from 'The Man Behind the Wall' By Ben Frederick First Look Edmonia Lewis chiseled a path for minorities into the art world By Mengqi Sun Cover Story The preservation warriors: saving the past for the future By Lee Lawrence Photos of the Day Photos of the day 04/14 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Us Weekly Magazine News Stylish Moms Entertainment Pets Video Give a Gift More News Stylish Moms Entertainment Pets Video Give a Gift Body Met Gala Celebrity Directory Newsletter Photos Watch With Us Polls Country Oscars Emmys Red Carpet Daily Holidays With Us Royal Family Golden Globes Grammys SAG Awards Olympics Hollywood Moms Hot Pics Subscribe Best of 2016 VMAs Subscribe to the magazine TOP 5 STORIES Style Catherine Zeta-Jones’ Teen Daughter Is Basically Her... Street Style K-Stew Wears Matching Outfit With Stella Maxwell on Her... Street Style Gigi Hadid Walks the Streets of NYC in Her PJs, Still... Style Crush Beauty of the Day: 5 Secrets of Julianne Hough's Style Beauty Crush Erin Heatherton’s No-Makeup Secrets (Hint: A $1,000... Stylish Travis Takes On Festival-Inspired Graffiti Lips, Glitter Brows and Hair Tattoos By Travis Cronin 13 hours ago Flower crowns and flash-tats around the arms are so 2012! Take a look at some hot new festival-season beauty trends for 2017. In this week’s Travis Takes On, Senior Reporter and beauty fanatic Travis Cronin demonstrates how to step up your glitter game with some easy — but fierce — beauty trends perfect for any music festival. London Entertainment/Splash News Your Fashion and Beauty Survival Guide to Coachella 2017 Graffiti Lips are a unique way to step up any festival ensemble with an original and conversation-starting signature look. If you were not blessed with big lips, Cronin recommends starting with Violent Lips’ InstaPlumper leave-on treatment ($18.00 on ViolentLips.com), to give you more surface area to work with. The InstaPlumper contains natural ingredients including cinnamon oil, sunflower oil, ginger oil, peppermint and coffee bean oil to give your mouth a pouty plump for up to eight hours. Be prepared: The treatment will tingle! InstaPlumper. 15 Coachella Inspired Styles to Wear Right Now After your lips are plumped and primed, let the lip flash-tatting begin. Use scissors to cut out the desired tattoos (Minis by Violent Lips $10.00 on ViolentLips.com), peel off the plastic, then transfer onto the lip by using a wet paper towel or napkin. This process may be familiar to those of you who have used temporary tattoos before, but Cronin recommends sliding the back paper off instead of peeling it backwards; the decal will go on more smoothly. Continue applying the decals to the lips in a scattered fashion to create the graffiti look. Minis by Violent Lips. All of the Crazy Cool Festival Fashion at Coachella If graffiti lips are a little too intense for your festival beauty needs, Cronin recommends adding some hair tattoos to turn up an outfit. With hair-specific flash-tats from scünci (4.99 at Walgreens or Walmart), use the same process as you'd use for a lip tattoo, cutting, placing onto the hair, pushing a damp cloth onto the tattoo and holding for 15 to 30 seconds. Transferring the hair tattoos can be a little tricky, so be sure to slide off the back of the decal instead of peeling it up from one side to ensure that the tattoo looks fresh and intact. It's all in the subtle details ⚡️⚡️⚡️ @manes.n.makeup. #hairgoals #ugotthis #scunci A post shared by Official Instagram of scünci (@scunci) on May 19, 2016 at 4:09pm PDT Fab Festival Fashion From Coachella as Seen on Kendall, Ellie and More The final look in this week’s video are glitter brow tips. These are probably the easiest and least expensive way to shine while you’re dancing at Coachella or crowd-surfing at Governor’s Ball. To apply glitter to the brow, under eyes or any part of the body, Cronin recommends Vaseline as the easiest method of application. Start by using a Q-tip and applying Vaseline to the end of the eyebrow or under the eyes. After the Vaseline is in place, take any cosmetic glitter and apply with a Q-tip or fingers on top of the Vaseline. After application, take a fresh Q-tip and clean up any excess glitter to make sure it looks sharp. The Q-tip will work as an eraser and take off any lingering sparkles. Take these beauty trends and become the glitter unicorn you’ve always wanted to be! Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Catherine Zeta-Jones’ Teen Daughter Is... 9.5 K-Stew Wears Matching Outfit With Stella... 8.8 Gigi Hadid Walks the Streets of NYC in Her... 8.0 Beauty of the Day: 5 Secrets of Julianne... 7.3 Erin Heatherton’s No-Makeup Secrets (Hint: A... 6.8 Kylie Jenner and Tamron Hall Twin in... 5.9 © Us Weekly 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Media Kits FAQ Sitemap Subscribe Digital Issue Give a Gift
Home Subscribe E-Edition Marketplace Visit Vermont Sign Up for Email Alerts Print Edition Newsstand Locations Delivery Problems Advertise Help Contact Us About Us News Submission Guidelines Submissions News Police & Fire Business Schools Entertainment People Community Town Government Politics & Elections Religion Print Archives Submissions Sports High School Sports Youth Sports Recreational Sports Sports Features Other Sports News FCIAC News Submissions Schools Obituaries Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columns Jim Cameron: Talking Transportation DId I Say That? Walsh’s Wonderings Curtain Call The Conscious Cook Twins Judy & Joy Cartoon Gallery Submissions Community Submissions Food Arts Arts Features Stage & Screen Columns Curtain Call The Reel Dad TV / Movie Menu Stir Crazy Twins Judy & Joy The Conscious Cook Taking a Hike Go Fish A Question of Etiquette Events Auto Classifieds Advertising Information Submit a Classified Ad Special Sections Golden Years Kid’s World Health & Fitness Bridal Education Arts & Leisure HOME Trumbull Answerbook Your Health Stratford Cat Project holds adoption events, meetings, tag sale By HAN Network on April 14, 2017 in Clubs & Organizations, Community, News, Regional · 0 Comments Cat project meetings The Stratford Cat Project will hold its monthly meeting on Tuesday, April 25 and May 30, 7 p.m., Sterling House Community Center, 2283 Main Street; [email protected] .   Cat adoption events Stratford Cat Project hosts a cat and kitten adoption and food drive on Saturday, May 6, 11-3, Baldwin’s Corner Adoption Center, at H-3 Pet Supply, 475 Hawley Lane; and Saturday, May 20, 11-3, Petco, 340 Grasmere Avenue, Fairfield. SCP desperately needs food/supply donations of Friskies and Fancy Feast Cat Food, Friskies Surfin Turfin Dry Food, Purina One Dry Food; paper towels, Lysol/bleach wipes, scoopable litter, latex gloves, copy paper and gift cards to H3 Pet Supply, WalMart, Staples or Stop and Stop; [email protected] .   Spring tag sale benefit The annual Spring Tag Sale to benefit The Stratford Cat Project will be held on Saturday, May 13, 9-4, 1473 Nichols Avenue, Stratford. Preview sale during set up on Friday, May 12, noon-5. All proceeds will benefit the project; [email protected] Rain date: June 10.   Animal rescue group seeks donations SARAH RESCUE, a Stratford based handicapped animal rescue is looking for new or gently used items for their tag sales. They are a registered nonprofit, so items may be used as a tax deduction. For drop off locations or details, call 203-377-0826. Related posts: Stratford Cat Project holds cat adoption events, meetings, fund-raiser Cat adoption event, tag sale items sought, cat project meeting Stratford Cat Project holds adoption events, meeting Playing for Paws fund-raiser, cat adoption event, cat project meeting Tags: animal adoption, animal rescue, cat adoption, H-3 Pet Supply, kitten adoption, pet adoption, pet food drive, Sarah Rescue, Stratford Cat Project Previous Post Getting away to the Galapagos Islands Next Post School Briefs About author HAN Network Tweet By participating in the comments section of this site you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and User Agreement Latest Tweets Tweets by @TrumbullTimes HAN Network News Sites Live.HAN.Network | Bridgeport News | Darien Times Easton Courier | Fairfield Sun | Greenwich Post Lewisboro Ledger | Milford Mirror | Monroe Courier New Canaan Advertiser | Redding Pilot | Ridgefield Press Shelton Herald | Stratford Star | Trumbull Times Weston Forum | Wilton Bulletin Arts & Leisure Advertise Classifieds Article Reprints Print Archives Subscriptions Privacy Policy & User Agreement Follow us on Twitter Like us on Facebook Trumbull Answerbook Submissions About Us Contact Us © HAN Network. All rights reserved. Trumbull Times, 1000 Bridgeport Avenue, Shelton, CT 06484 Designed by WPSHOWER Powered by WordPress
skip to main content NPR News in Milwaukee Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Project Milwaukee Bubbler Talk Environment Education Precious Lives Economy & Business Politics & Government Health & Science Arts & Culture Lake Effect Contributors Programs Lake Effect UWM Today It's Alright, Ma All Programs Schedule About WUWM Contact Us WUWM App Jobs / Intern / Volunteer Innovative Weather Contests Support WUWM Membership Levels NewsWorthy Offers Leadership Giving Vehicle Donation Business Sponsorship Search Menu Home News Project Milwaukee Bubbler Talk Environment Education Precious Lives Economy & Business Politics & Government Health & Science Arts & Culture Lake Effect Contributors Programs Lake Effect UWM Today It's Alright, Ma All Programs Schedule About WUWM Contact Us WUWM App Jobs / Intern / Volunteer Innovative Weather Contests Support WUWM Membership Levels NewsWorthy Offers Leadership Giving Vehicle Donation Business Sponsorship Search Pete's Fruit Market Aims to End Food Desert in Milwaukee's Bronzeville Neighborhood By Marti Mikkelson • Apr 14, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Pete's Fruit Market is set to open in May in the Bronzeville neighborhood Marti Mikkelson Listen Listening... / 3:54 Milwaukee has a number of neighborhoods that lack easy access to grocery stores. An end is in sight for one of these food deserts. Pete’s Fruit Market plans to open a store next month in Milwaukee's Bronzeville District. Business is booming at Pete’s on the south side, and now the owners want to recreate the magic on North King Drive. In order to envision what the north side store will look like, you need to travel to the south side operation. It has some cool features, such as a barker who stands at the front of the store and shouts out the daily specials. And, owner Pete Tsitiridis stands by the produce aisle, giving away fresh slices of fruit. “I cut them and they sample. I give them samples of all the food that I have and they love it. I cut watermelons, cantaloupes, oranges, everything,” he says. In summer, Tsitiridis moves some of his business outside, so customers can enjoy a farmer’s market experience and sample Mexican cuisine from a couple food trucks. Tsitiridis is a native of Greece; he’s owned Pete’s Fruit Market for more than 20 years. It’s located just off of 16th street, in the heart of Milwaukee’s Latino neighborhood. He says he’s been looking to expand for years, and has had his eye on the new location at the corner of King Drive and North Avenue. Pete Tsitiridis hands out fresh fruit slices at his store on the south side. Credit Marti Mikkelson “I haven’t seen any operator over there that has daily fresh fruits and vegetables and the neighborhood is in need of a store like ours. The location is great, there’s a lot of traffic and a lot of people around and I think we’re going to do better than here,” Tsitiridis says. Tsitiridis says the new store will feature some of the same offerings as the one on the south side, including those delicious free samples. He plans to employ at least 50 neighborhood residents to work on King Drive, including Chris Harris. The store has already hired - and is training him. Today, Harris is wearing a store apron and learning to organize the produce. “They are cross training me to work on every area of the store so when we get to the new store, at least somebody will know what’s going on,” Harris says. Harris says he’s been through periods of unemployment in his life, and is grateful that Pete’s is coming to his neighborhood. He likes that the central location will be easy to access. “As far as transportation, a lot of people who live in the neighborhood can get back and forth, walking or on the bus, so I think it’s a nice addition,” Harris says. “It’s hard to find good stores that have fresh food, because we need it around here.” Amanda is waiting for the bus at the corner of King and North, just a few feet from the new store. She says now, she has to travel several miles to get to the nearest grocer. “The one grocery store that’s close to me is Walmart and Pick 'n Save and that’s too far for me because I have to take the city bus all the way over there,” she says. LISTEN: Community Partners Work to Make Fresh Food Accessible on Milwaukee's Near West Side "It's a strong feeling throughout the community that... [Pete's will] change Bronzeville, it'll change the King Drive BID because it's sitting in the center of our business district." The 10,000 square foot building Amanda stands in front of many days has colorful signs in its windows reading, “Coming Soon – Pete’s Fruit Market.” Another person excited about the development is Deshea Agee, director of the Historic King Drive Business Improvement District. He calls the grocer a “game changer” for the neighborhood. “It’s a strong feeling throughout the community that, and even as I get calls from people asking when are they opening, it will change the corner of King Drive and North Avenue, it’ll change Bronzeville, it’ll change the King Drive BID because it’s sitting in the center of our business district,” Agee says. And where there is foot traffic and shoppers – often come more retailers. In fact, Agee says developers are planning a second fresh food market for King Drive, located just a few blocks north of Pete’s. Tags:  WUWM News food desert TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Healthy Food Choices Is Often A Matter of Geography By Tom Luljak • Mar 23, 2017 Jon Strelecki For most of us, going to the local supermarket with a wide selection of healthy choices is just part of our routine. But if you are poor, making a decision about what to eat is often a matter of geography. More often than not, your choices are limited to corner grocery stores stocked with foods high in sugar and fats. Community Partners Work to Make Fresh Food Accessible on Milwaukee's Near West Side By Mitch Teich & Audrey Nowakowski • Mar 9, 2017 arinahabich / Fotolia There are many neighborhoods in Milwaukee that lack easy access to grocery stores. Near West Side Partners and Marquette University have launched The Grocery Challenge to seek solutions. When School Cafeterias Close, Milwaukee Groups Feed Local Kids By Rachel Morello • Jul 6, 2016 Rachel Morello For most kids, summer is the best time of year: school’s out, the sun is shining and days are free and open. But for many little ones in and around Milwaukee, summer also means less stability, particularly when it comes to food. That’s why community groups have stepped in to provide meals when school cafeterias close. Walnut Way Incubator Strives to Boost Business, Nurture Neighbors By Ann-Elise Henzl • Oct 30, 2015 Michelle Maternowski A low-income neighborhood on Milwaukee's near north side turns a corner Friday. Residents and planners are celebrating the grand opening of the Innovation and Wellness Commons in Lindsay Heights. Activists have implemented numerous improvements in the area in recent years. But the Commons is their first commercial venture. Milwaukee Public Media is a service of UW-Milwaukee's College of Letters & Science © 2017 WUWM Contact Us Facebook Twitter Contest Rules
WASHINGTON STATE Wire Business Education Health Columns Politics Environment Business Education Health Columns Politics Environment Columns Column: Unpacking the car tab debate John Wyble   April 14, 2017   “Something must be done to address the outrageous cab-tab increases we’re seeing,” said Rep. Mark Harmsworth, R-Mill Creek and assistant ranking minority member of the House Transportation Committee. It sounds like Mark Harmsworth actually cares that your taxes are going up. I’m going to let you in on a little secret. He doesn’t. Let’s unpack this statement. The House Republicans introduced six amendments on April 5th to lower car tabs and allow cities and counties to opt-out of Sound Transit. Sounds like they care about you and your taxes, right? Wrong. The key to their amendment strategy is the part about opting out of Sound Transit. Mark Harmsworth doesn’t care about your taxes. He’s trying to stop Sound Transit. He is (like many Republicans in Washington) an ideologue that doesn’t believe in mass transit. He’s only using the increase in car tabs to relitigate the Sound Transit 3 campaign. How do I know that?  First, Republicans have a terrible record on helping working people get tax relief. Let’s start with the debate on Sound Transit itself. There have been two bills (HB 2148 and HB 2147) that would actually lower car tabs for working people either by changing the way cars are valued or by offering a rebate of up to 40 percent on car tab charges for low-income owners. But, Republicans like Mark Harmsworth have opposed those bills because they don’t give cities and counties any new authority to opt out of Sound Transit.  Second, let’s look at the difference between the Republican and Democratic budgets just in this year. The Democratic budget would enact a seven percent tax on capital gains and a 20% increese in the Business and Occupation Tax for some of the highest grossing businesses in the state. This would help pay for an increase in K-12 spending while not adding a tax burden to working people. The Republican budget, on the other hand, would give huge tax breaks to Boeing, Alaska Airlines, Walmart, Century Link, Avista, BNSF Railway Co., and Weyerhauser. Washington State already has the most regressive tax system in the country. An average taxpayer among the state’s poorest 20 percent sees 16.9 percent of his or her income go to state and local taxes in 2010. Meanwhile, a Washington taxpayer in the top 1 percent likely paid 2.8 percent of his or her income in state and local taxes. If you really cared about tax fairness, you could look at the roughly $6.5 billion in tax breaks to corporations and make sure these giveaways are either creating jobs or improving the state’s economy. Senator Rueven Carlyle took the first step by requiring transparency around all tax breaks. That’s the approach someone would take if they cared about your taxes.  In other words, if you care about people’s taxes you could provide a rebate on car tabs, you could reassess the value of cars, you could increase the amount that big business is paying, or you could scrutinize corporate tax breaks to make sure they are working. The other thing you could do as a legislator is invite hundreds of thousands of dollars in negative campaign advertising by proposing an income tax.  Or you can oppose everything unless the legislation strikes a blow against Sound Transit. That’s what Republicans like Mark Harmsworth are trying to do. They should just tell you that they don’t care if you are stuck in traffic instead of spending time with your family. They don’t want to give you any more choices for how you commute or get around. They don’t want to help the region’s businesses by ensuring a strong transportation infrastructure. They believe the Puget Sound region can just put down enough pavement that our traffic problems are solved.  Misguided? Certainly. Stupid? Probably. The truth about Mark Harmsworth. Exactly. Share This: Latest Stories Politics House Democrats vote to cut public transportation funding Columns Letter to the Editor: Jonathan Spalter, USTelecom Politics April Special Election ballots mailed to 15 counties News Rep. Pellicciotti’s bill would lower car tab taxes News Press Release: AGO files campaign finance complaints against state lawmakers, former candidate Keep an Eye on Olympia. Follow us on twitter & facebook Get Informed. Sign up for the Newsletter: About © 2017 Washington State Wire
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple How to print to PDF on iPhone, iPad, and Mac Trending in Apple Comment: Could Apple be left with no choice but to do the wrong thing with the iPhone 8? Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How Apple Watch could improve with watchOS 4 this year Trending in Apple How to power the MacBook Pro with an eGPU using Nvidia’s new Pascal drivers Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How iPhone and iPad could improve with iOS 11 this year Trending in Apple WWDC Wishlist: How Mac could improve with macOS 10.13 this year Yesterday AAPL: 141.05 -0.75 9to5Toys Last Call: Withings Activité Smartwatch $83, LG 49-inch UHDTV $579, Elago Apple Watch Stand $10, more Trevor Daugherty - Apr. 14th 2017 9:30 am PT @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: SanDisk 128GB MicroSDXC Card for $33 Prime shipped Sony Ultra-Slim 2.1-Ch. Bluetooth Soundbar System $139 (30% off) PowerUp replaces your MacBook Pro charger and adds much more to the mix Hands on with the best AirPods accessories Pi Lab Edwin The Duck iOS-Connected Smart Toy now just $30 Starbucks is taking 30% off sitewide, load up on your favorite coffee and more Best Keurig Coffee Makers of 2017 and Why You Need One Char-Broil Classic 3-Burner Gas Grill for just $125 shipped Candy Crush and Moschino release Jeremy Scott designed apparel collection 9to5Rewards: SkylinkNet Plus Alarm System Starter kit [Giveaway] BeyerDynamic DT 770 Pro headphones for $110 shipped Link Twin iOS puzzler gets very first price drop: $1 PSN Flash Sale from $1.50: Last Of Us, Uncharted, Mega Man, more Green Deals: WORX 19-inch 12A Electric Lawn Mower $140, more LG’s Portable 720p LED Minibeam Projector is down to $305 Riece and Mūller’s Load eBike is geared for everyday life Tom Sawyer Collection free Kindle eBook download (Reg. $10) Withings Activité Steel Smartwatch for $83 shipped LG’s latest 49-inch 4K HDR Smart Ultra HDTV is $579 Elago’s adorable W3 Apple Watch Stand is back under $10 Apple 13-inch 256GB MacBook Air now $940 shipped Apple 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar: $2,070 ($329 savings) Apple’s 13-inch 512GB MacBook Pro + Touch Bar $1,750 (Reg. $1,999) Award-Winning PDF Expert 2 for Mac: $25 (Orig. $60) Apple iPhone SE 32GB pre-paid, no contract for $200 (Reg. $399) Apple iPhone 6 32GB off-contract for $200 at Boost Mobile Apple 9.7-inch iPad Pro Wi-Fi 32GB (cert. refurb) down to $380 shipped BeatsX Wireless In-Ear Headphones go to $130 at Amazon and Best Buy The Howler iOS adventure-puzzler free for first time in years (Reg. $1) App Store Free App of the Week: Hyperburner iOS space racer free (Reg. $3) LVL 3D puzzler gets very first price drop: $1 (Reg. $2) WikiLinks Smart Wikipedia Reader for iOS now available free Native Instruments iOS apps from $1: Traktor DJ, iMaschine 2, more Legend of Skyfish iOS/Android action-adventure hits lowest price ever: $1 Play Star Wars Pinball 5 on iOS for free (Reg. $5) Review: Perfect Apple Watch case for Nike+ bands, 50% off deal Review: MUJJO Leather/Wool Sleeves keep your MacBook protected in style   9to5Rewards: Brydge iPad Keyboards provide serious productivity on-the-go [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: Aukey’s mini drone is great for beginner pilots: $21 Huawei Watch Stainless Steel w/ Black Leather Strap $165 (Amazon all-time low) Fast & Furious Ultimate Blu-ray Collection $28 in today’s Gold Box CoBattery iPhone 7 charging case $59 (Orig. $79) and more smartphone accessories from $13 ESPN magazine with digital access: 2 yrs for $8 shipped + more Star Wars: The Last Jedi Official Teaser released! Watch it now! Daily Deals: SanDisk Ultra 32GB Micro USB Flash Drive $10, more J.Crew Spring must-haves for 30% off, including sale items Smartphone Accessories: Eleclover Emergency Solar Charger/Radio $18, more Games/Apps: Mario Maker 3DS $30, Skyrim SE $25, Nioh $40, iOS freebies, more Huawei Honor 8 32GB Android Smartphone + bundled accessories $240 Levi’s is ready for Festival Season w/ 30% off sitewide Bose unveils Revolve 360-degree Bluetooth Speaker made from solid aluminum Nvidia hosting Spring Sale for Shield devices, offering up to 66% off select games Smith & Wesson Oasis Linerlock Knife for $7 shipped NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: RIVER hopes to be your ultimate mobile power and recharge station House of Marley’s Stir It Up sustainably-crafted record player Dagadam is the Smart Watch for AI Notifications on iOS and Android DJI Phantom 4 Advanced brings updated specs, better camera Nintendo Direct Highlights: Splatoon 2, ARMS, Pikmin, new amiibo [Videos] Logitech’s new Z537 Bluetooth Speaker System promises to give your Mac booming audio The Copenhagen Wheel adds electric motor and smart features to any bicycle NBA Playgrounds drops next month for Switch, PS4, Xbox One + new trailers Walmart will begin discounting products you choose to pick up in-store Star Wars Battlefront 2 debut trailer leaks, watch it right here while you can Sony announces super thin $700 e-paper tablet Uncharted: The Lost Legacy releases in August w/ 10+ hour campaign Misfit’s Flare is a low cost fitness tracker that doesn’t skip out on functionality Under Armour SpeedForm Record Equipped shoes takes fitness to a new level Gorillaz launch new AR/VR app to host largest ever listening party The KERUO L7 smart pocket projector puts the big screen in the palm of your hands Anker takes the wraps off new slim iPhone 7 battery case with Lightning port access Teodoor offers full smart lock functionality in the ‘world’s smallest package’ Kniterate is a smart 3D printer for the aspiring tailor Ford’s smart crib will get your infant to sleep without having to take a night drive Play Elder Scrolls Online for free on PS4, Xbox One, Mac/PC Knomo’s water-resistant LiveFree bag offers wireless charging on the go MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Nest 3rd Gen. Learning Thermostat in two colors $219 shipped Tile Slim 8-Pack at Amazon is down to $130 (Reg. $180) Dell’s Color Laser All-in-One Printer w/ AirPrint is down to $130 TigerVPN protects your data and more w/ a $25 Withings Activité Steel Smartwatch for $83 Best ways to use your Tax Refund Belkin 6-outlet 600J Power Strip $5 at Amazon 12-pack Fujitsu 2250mAh AA Rechargeable Batteries $24 Etekcity 5-pack Wireless Remote Control Outlets: $21.50 Tablo 2 DVR Tuner for HDTV w/ Wi-Fi for $167 (Reg. $199) Patagonia Web Specials Sale has up to 50% off Monopoly Game of Thrones Edition back down to $36 Koogeek HomeKit-enabled Wi-Fi light switch $34 SkyBell HD Wi-Fi video doorbell is down to $149 Anker 3-pack MFi PowerLine Lightning Cables $20, more best-selling 50-mile Amplified HDTV Antenna $20 Nordstrom’s Clear the Rack Event 25% off all clearance Google Express free six-month trial Black Mountain Heavy Duty Dip Station for $49 Papa Johns offers 50% Off Regular Pizzas Buy One, Get One Free Slurpees at 7-Eleven Michelin Windshield Wipers: 2 for $20 Oral-B Pro iOS-Connected Toothbrush $100 Jiffy Lube Gift Card 20% off: $60 for $48 Harman Kardon HK 3700 A/V Receiver (cert. refurb) for $145 Get Curious George Seasons 1-9 in HD for just $10 a season Create your own custom Xbox One Wireless Controller for $65 Get 25% off Nike styles at Macy’s for men, women, and kids ‘The Age of Innocence’ Kindle eBook for free w/ Audible Olala 6000mAh Power Bank w/ MFi Lightning Cable $15, more Garmin Vivofit 2 Bluetooth Fitness Wristband $40,more Petcube Play w/ 1080p video, audio & built-in laser $142 Inferno is the the $1 HD iTunes Movie Rental of the Week True Religion offers 30% off entire purchase + free shipping Staedtler Fineliner Adult Coloring Book Pens $19 + more Logitech K780 Multi-Device Wireless Keyboard goes to $60 at Amazon Google Home + Philips Hue Smart Lighting Kit bundle for $266 Best Online Fashion Discounts for Students in 2017 Trevor Daugherty @trevorjd14 Trevor Daugherty is the Senior Editor of 9to5Toys. Since joining in 2014, he’s specialized in product reviews, exclusive discounts and 9to5’s New Toy of the Day. Contact him direct at trevor@9to5mac.com. Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Speedy Growth in the Internet Retailing Market Is Driving the Growth of the Logistics Market Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 04/14/2017 — Logistics is a part of supply chain management that is used to meet the customer demands through the implementation, control and planning of the storage and movement of the goods from origin to destination. The speedy growth in the internet retailing market is driving the growth of the logistics market. Increasing popularity of the online shopping globally is acting as one of the major driver of the logistics market globally. Increase in online shopping is due to increasing access to the internet and growing preference of customers for online shopping. In addition, ease of access, convenience related to the home delivery of objects and advantages such as customization and refinement of results from a variety of objects are supporting the market currently. Browse Market Research Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/logistics-market.html Based on the various transport infrastructures, the logistics market is segmented into road transport, waterways transport, rail transport and air transport. Road transport is further being sub segmented into semi-trailer, truck-trailer, refrigerated truck, flatbed truck, lorry tank and others. Waterways transport is further be classified into dry storage container, open top containers, refrigerated ISO containers, tunnel container, insulated and thermal container and others. Rail transport is further being sub divided into tank railcars, covered hopper railcars, pressure differential railcars, air-slide railcars and others. Air transport is further be classified into deck cargo, upper deck cargo and over size or odd size cargo. Based on the various transport infrastructures of logistics, the road transport segment constituted the biggest market share, followed by the rail transport segment, in 2015. The road transport are largely served in automotive, industrial and manufacturing, oil & gas, fishing, retail, media and entertainment and military, therefore, the segment generates the largest revenue among all the segments in the logistics market. In addition, it is ideal for transporting perishables such as fruits and vegetables. Rail transport follows road transport and is one of the most widely used transport infrastructure to carry goods to various parts of a countries. A train can carry large volume of resources in a short period and so it is preferred by different application sectors. Based on the various logistics model types, the logistics market is segmented into first party logistics, second party logistics, third party logistics and others. Rapid growth in internet retailing market such as Amazon, eBay and Walmart among others is one of the major factors that are driving the demand for logistics model types, globally. 2nd party logistics provide their own resources such as warehouse operators and truck owners among others. 2nd party logistics is a resources based carrier, which owns their own means of transportation. 2nd party logistics would be shipping lines which charter, lease or own their ships; airlines, charter or lease their truck and planes companies and lease or own their trucks. Fill the form to Gain Deeper Insights on this Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=154 By geography, the logistics market is have been classified into four regions namely North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and Rest of the World (RoW). Currently, Asia Pacific held the major share of the market, followed by North America, Europe and Rest of the World (RoW). This region is expected to develop at a swift pace with increase in trade with North America and Europe. Regional players are focused on partnerships with players in regions such as Africa. It is expected that trade between China and Africa will surpass the trade between Europe and the U.S. in the coming years. Key players profiled in this report include J.B. Hunt Transport Services (United States), C.H. Robinson Worldwide, Inc. (United States), Ceva Holdings LLC (United Kingdom), FedEx Corp. (United States), United Parcel Service, Inc. (United States), Expeditors International of Washington Inc. (United States), XPO Logistics Inc. (United States), Kenco Group (United States), Deutsche Post DHL Group (Germany), Americold Logistics, LLC (United States) and UTi Worldwide Inc. (United States) among others. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Adaptive Optics Market Witness Strong Growth in the Next Few Years Next PostNext Global CVD Diamond Market: Size, Share, Trends and Forecast Analysis of Top Countries 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts NREL’s New Perovskite Ink Opens Window for Quality Cells NREL Brings Together Clean Energy Innovators at Industry Growth Forum Lukeville Port Officers Seize $108K in Marijuana Burgum declares emergency for additional counties experiencing flooding National Archives to Present Program on French Involvement in the American Revolutionary War on April 20 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
null
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Police: 2 men arrested in Plainfield for drugs after speeding stop Friday Apr 14, 2017 at 8:12 AM Apr 14, 2017 at 3:20 PM Staff reports The Bulletin PLAINFIELD – Two alleged motor vehicle violations led to the arrest of two men Thursday on drug charges. According to Plainfield police, at 10:31 p.m. Thursday, officers began following a 2014 Cadillac CTS that was speeding while traveling north near Putnam Road in Wauregan. During the pursuit, police said the car made an improper turn and police stopped it. While speaking to the occupants, James W. Wells, 32, no address given, and James K. Yeargan, 36, of 87 Norwich Road, Plainfield, police said they saw multiple bags of heroin in plain sight.  Police said they found Wells to be carrying multiple bags of heroin and a crack pipe in his pockets. His driver's license also was suspended, police said. An addition investigation by police determined that Wells had three outstanding arrest warrants for failure to appear. Wells had previously been arrested in January at a Plainfield residence in connection to narcotics sales out of his home, in which five were charged. In March, Wells was arrested during a traffic stop near the Putnam Wal-Mart. During that arrest, Wells was found to have an active felony arrest warrant out of Rhode Island, police said. Police did not say what charges he was wanted for in Rhode Island.  Yeargan, who police said was the passenger, had an outstanding arrest warrant out of Plainfield Police Department. He had heroin and a syringe in his pockets, police said. Yeargan was previously arrested in March in connection to drug deals in town. Wells was charged Thursday with two counts first-degree failure to appear, second-degree failure to appear, possession of narcotics, possession of narcotics with intent to sell, possession of drug paraphernalia, operating a motor vehicle while under suspension and making an improper turn. He was held on a combined $700,000 bond. Yeargan was charged with possession of narcotics and possession of drug paraphernalia. He was held on a $75,000 bond.  Wells and Yeargan are scheduled to appear April 17 in Danielson Superior Court.    About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Toggle navigation Home News Deals People Research Property Types Property Types Market Rate Luxury Affordable Student Housing Military Housing Senior Housing Condo Hudson Cos. Picks Architect for Latest Brooklyn Development Market Rate Hudson Cos. Picks Architect for Latest Brooklyn Development BRT Apartments Nabs 3 St. Louis Luxury Communities Luxury BRT Apartments Nabs 3 St. Louis Luxury Communities Walker & Dunlop Taps New SVP Affordable 14 April 2017 16:58 Torchlight Provides $80M Refi for Suburban Chicago Community Luxury 14 April 2017 16:53 ASC Arranges Financing for Chicago Multifamily Asset Market Rate 14 April 2017 16:52 Charleston Adds 110-Unit Luxury Community Luxury 14 April 2017 16:43 Peak Campus Lands Management Role in Murfreesboro Student Housing 14 April 2017 14:18 Business Specialties Business Specialties Finance & Investment Development Architecture & Design Operations Marketing Investment Sales Investment Sales Mill Creek Begins Construction on Dallas Luxury Apartments Development Mill Creek Begins Construction on Dallas Luxury Apartments On the Market: 5 Interesting Listings for the Week of 4/10 Market Rate 14 April 2017 13:46 Bay Area Affordable Veterans Housing Breaks Ground Affordable 14 April 2017 13:36 CIM Group Trades 138-Unit Boulder Community Luxury 14 April 2017 12:11 MPE Partners Receives Funding to Acquire Cincinnati Apartments Finance & Investment 14 April 2017 08:22 Awards Polls Multimedia Multimedia Videos Podcasts Slideshows HPI Acquires $23M Atlanta-Area Community Slideshow Capstone Expands Texas Property Management Portfolio Slideshow Changing Strategies for Multifamily Investment Video On the Market: 5 Interesting Listings for the Week of 4/10 by Mallory Bulman Apr 14, 2017 Denver Phoenix Austin More West South Market Rate Student Housing Investment Finance & Investment Apr142017 This week's listings include two Colorado properties: one in the burgeoning Colorado Springs student housing market, and a historic four-unit property in Denver built in 1890. On the Market is a weekly department curating the most interesting recent for-sale CRE assets. If you have a commercial real estate asset that you’d like to share with our readers, please email it to Associate Editor Mallory Bulman. The Lookout on Cragmor Location: Colorado Springs, Colo. Year Built: 2016 Rentable SF: 67,439 Units: 71 Beds: 157 Average Unit Size: 950 SF Features: Current average market rent per unit is $1,619; first student housing asset in city history; located near growing University of Colorado in Colorado Springs, has seen a 64 percent in enrollment increase since 2005; walkable property; significant demand for student housing in area; high-end apartment finishes. Contact: Ryan Lang, ARA Newmark, 512-637-1296 Brighton Place Apartments Location: Phoenix, Ariz. Price: $5.4 million Price/Unit: $68,250 Year Built: 1988 Units: 80 Features: Renovated in 2016; units individually metered for electricity; all units have two bedrooms and one bathroom; upside potential with further upgrades; offered all cash/new loan. Contact: Rue Bax, ABI Multifamily, 602-714-1406 College Park Location: College Station, Texas Year Built: 1963 Units: 60 Features: Located 1.5 miles from Texas A&M University and 1.75 miles from Blinn College; value-add opportunity with future rent increases; retail and entertainment destinations within two miles include HEB, Walmart, CVS, Walgreens, Northgate Entertainment District and Bryan Golf Course. Contact: Brad Shaffer, ARA Newmark, 713-337-5806 1571 High Street Location: Denver, Colo. Year Built: 1890/2017 Price: $2.1 million Price/Unit: $525,000 Units: 4 Average Unit Size: 1,000 SF Features: Gross square footage is 7,004 SF; initial equity is $735,000; terms are cash to new financing; average market rent per unit is $2,450; fully-renovated property in City Park West neighborhood; high-end finishes throughout; in-unit washers and dryers; located blocks from St. Joseph Hospital redevelopment, City Park and Central Denver Rec Center; large, four-car garage. Contact: Robert Bratley, ARA Newmark, 303-260-4415 The Legacy Location: Austin, Texas Years Built: 1969/1983 Rentable SF: 107, 038 Acreage: 4.27 acres Units: 138 Average Unit Size: 776 SF Features: Central Austin location situated minutes from the Mueller redevelopment; urban Austin rents are approximately $1,600 or more while the Legacy’s are roughly $900; current owner spent $425,000 renovating property exterior including roof, landscaping and pool upgrades; units remain a value-add opportunity; nearby properties have received rent increases of $100-$150 0r more by making similar upgrades. Contact: Andrew Shih, ARA Newmark, 512-637-1219 Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email ABI Multifamily ARA Newmark Related Posts Colorado Community Under New Ownership Through HFF 04 April 2017 13:28 Denver Mixed-Use Project Lands Construction Loan 30 March 2017 07:41 Triumph Enters Denver Market 14 March 2017 16:20 Triumph Acquires Denver Asset for $26M 08 March 2017 15:56 The Praedium Group Acquires 2 Communities in Denver 02 March 2017 15:16 Top Stories Peak Campus Lands Management Role in Murfreesboro… 14 April 2017 14:18 Mill Creek Begins Construction on Dallas Luxury Apartments… 14 April 2017 14:05 Dougherty Closes $7M Loan for Irving Community… 14 April 2017 13:55 Philadelphia’s Apartment Revival… 14 April 2017 13:51 Bay Area Affordable Veterans Housing Breaks Ground… 14 April 2017 13:36 More Top Stories About Us Contact Advertising Editorial Guidelines Industry Links Archive Tags Subscribe to MHN News by City Albuquerque Atlanta Austin Baltimore Baton Rouge Boston Charleston Charlotte Chicago Cincinnati Cleveland Columbia Columbus Dallas Denver Detroit Durham Hampton Roads Honolulu Houston Indianapolis Jacksonville Kansas City Las Vegas Los Angeles Memphis Miami Milwaukee Minneapolis Nashville New Orleans New York Oklahoma City Orlando Philadelphia Phoenix Pittsburgh Portland Providence Raleigh Richmond Salt Lake City San Antonio San Diego San Francisco Seattle St. Louis Tampa Tucson Tulsa Washington DC Connect with MHN Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube Pinterest Yardi Companies and Affiliates Point2 Point2 Homes PropertyShark YES Energy Management MCEnergy Yardi Matrix Yardi Marketplace Commercial Property Executive Optimus RENTCafé Digital Editions Magazine Archive © 2017 - Multi-Housing News Online
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Family of Amber Alert suspect in Elizabeth Thomas kidnapping: 'Daddy ... come home' Print Email Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com By Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 14, 2017 at 9:38 AM, updated April 14, 2017 at 10:13 AM comments In an exclusive interview on Good Morning America, the wife and daughters of Tad Cummins begged the Amber Alert suspect and accused Elizabeth Thomas kidnapper to come home. "No matter where you are, Daddy, no matter what you've done we just want you to come home," Cummins' daughter, 29-year-old Erica Osborne, said in the interview that aired this morning. "We miss you so much. We're here for you, no matter what; any time, any place, anywhere." Cummins, an ex-teacher, has been missing since March 13, when he's accused of kidnapping Thomas, his 15-year-old former student. Authorities have said Cummins, who is wanted in Tennessee for kidnapping and having sexual contact with Thomas, groomed and lured the girl before their disappearances. Cummins, who taught at Culleoka Unit School in Maury County, Tennessee, was fired the day after the disappearances. Here's information about the school system response to the case. Excerpts of the family's interviews first aired on ABC's World News Tonight with David Muir. ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Also speaking with ABC was Cummins' wife, Jill, who has filed for divorce. She said her husband has been her best friend for 31 years. "It was, to me, the perfect marriage," she said. "We had everything we ever wanted, two beautiful kids, beautiful grandkids, and I really truly believed that he loved me." But, in her recent divorce filing, Jill Cummins said irreconcilable differences have arisen in the marriage following her husband's "inappropriate marital conduct." Jill Cummins previously has publicly asked her husband to turn himself in and bring Thomas home. Another of Cummins children, Ashlee Conner, 26, told ABC she wants to remind her father of a Bible verse that he taught them growing up. "There's one thing that he's reminded us for our entire life," Conner said. "...Romans 8:28, and that's, 'God uses all things for the glory of those that love the Lord and are called according to his purposes' and that means even this." The search for Cummins and Thomas continues, now a month since Amber Alerts were issued in Alabama and Tennessee. Despite receiving more than 1,400 tips, the last known location the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has confirmed is a Wal-Mart store in Oklahoma City on March 15 -- two days after the disappearances. Amber Alert video: Elizabeth Thomas and Tad Cummins seen on Oklahoma Wal-Mart video Authorities this week asked pharmacies to be on the lookout for Cummins, who likely needs a refill on blood pressure medication. Otherwise, authorities are asking the public to remain vigilant in secluded or off the grid areas. The public also is asked to share information about the Amber Alert with anyone south of the U.S. border. Prior to the Oklahoma sighting, the last information about Thomas and Cummins' whereabouts is from the day they disappeared. Thomas was seen the morning of March 13 when a friend dropped her off at Shoney's restaurant in Columbia, Tennessee. Cummins was placed in Decatur, Alabama that afternoon by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation. Cummins is wanted in Tennessee for kidnapping and having sexual contact with Thomas. The video and images from Oklahoma showed their appearances had been altered, including darkening Cummins' hair and changing Thomas' hair color to red. It's not clear whether Cummins may still be driving a silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee license place 976-ZPT. Thomas is a white female possibly with red, strawberry or blonde hair and hazel eyes. She is 5 feet and weighs about 120 pounds. Cummins, believed to be armed with multiple guns, is a white male possibly with dark hair and brown eyes. He is six feet and about 200 pounds. Anyone with information is asked to call 1-800-TBI-FIND. Anyone who sees Cummins, Thomas or the vehicle should call 911. Best restaurant in each Alabama county ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Close Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Navigate Videos Features Reviews Ars Approved RSS Feeds Mobile Site About Ars Staff Directory Contact Us Advertise with Ars Reprints Filter by topic Biz & IT Tech Science Policy Cars Gaming & Culture Forums Settings Front page layout Grid List Unified Wide Site theme Black on white White on black Sign in Comment activity Sign up or login to join the discussions! Stay logged in | Having trouble? Sign up to comment and more Sign up Ars Technica UK Opposable Thumbs — Why Zelda: Breath of the Wild is the biggest system seller in history The game is actually selling better than the system it runs on, somehow. Kyle Orland - Apr 14, 2017 2:38 pm UTC Enlarge / Breath of the Wild is like an angelic light shining on the totem of the Switch's hardware launch. reader comments 90 Share this story The term "system seller" gets thrown around a lot in video games to describe a game that's good enough to justify buying a new console practically on its own. We may have to figure out a new term to apply to a system seller as hot as The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, though. In the US, it seems the Switch version of the game is somehow selling better than the system it's played on. Those numbers come from the NPD group and Nintendo, which report that while the Switch sold 906,000 units in the US in March, the Switch version of Breath of the Wild sold "more than 925,000 units." That's the first instance we can recall where a piece of software has a reported attach rate that's actually higher than 100 percent. Further ReadingGameStop expects the Switch to be hard to find through 2017Breath of the Wild's reported sales success doesn't come completely out of the blue. GameStop said last month that the game had an "almost one-to-one attach result" with the Switch hardware, and the title sold to about 91 percent of initial Switch owners in France. Nintendo President Reggie Fils-Aime also called Breath of the Wild the best standalone launch title in Nintendo history just after the system's US launch. All that said, a software-to-hardware sales ratio over 100 percent doesn't seem to pass the smell test on first glance. Nintendo attributes this seemingly illogical sales ratio to "people who purchased both a limited edition of the game to collect and a second version to play." We think the vagaries of sales estimation methods may have something to do with it as well. NPD's console sales numbers are derived from incomplete, sampled data from retailers, forcing the firm to indirectly estimate sales at big retailers like Walmart. The reported Breath of the Wild numbers, on the other hand, come directly from "Nintendo's internal sales figures" (including downloaded copies). Further ReadingHard-to-find Nintendo Switch sees 47% resale markupWe also can't discount the possibility that some consumers have gone out looking for a Switch, found it sold out, and soothed themselves by picking up Breath of the Wild while they wait for the system to come back in stock. Then again, 460,000 people in the US picked up a copy of Breath of the Wild for the Wii U, which seems like a better move if you simply can't wait for Switch hardware. (Some tourists and importers could be buying region-free copies of Breath of the Wild to use on Switch consoles they bought in other countries, but that doesn't seem like it would be all that common.) Regardless of the reasons, on a pure software-to-hardware sales ratio basis, Breath of the Wild can easily be considered the biggest system seller in the history of the industry (at least in the US). Previous pack-in games like Super Mario World on the SNES, Tetris on the Game Boy, and Wii Sports on the Wii by definition only sold to 100 percent of console owners during those systems' crucial launch periods. Further ReadingBeyond Zelda: The first month of Switch games acts as a promising crystal ballEven Super Mario 64—one of only two games that launched with the Nintendo 64 in the US in 1996—didn't outsell its own console hardware in its debut (The best numbers we could find suggest 300,000 Super Mario 64 cartridges sold for 350,000 Nintendo 64 consoles in the system's opening weekend). In any case, it's extremely clear that Breath of the Wild has played a huge role in extending a successful launch weekend into a successful launch month for Nintendo's new hybrid console. That's good news for Nintendo as the company works to expand the rest of the system's software lineup from a limited but promising start. Promoted Comments samanime Ars Centurion jump to post I did my part to help get that number over 100%. I pre-ordered the game from Amazon, but couldn't pre-order the system. Ending up getting the system at a midnight release and managed to snag the special edition of the game, then forgot to return the other, so I have two copies. While that's probably not enough to make up that difference, I'm sure I'm not the only one who did that. 226 posts | registered 1/29/2014 drabiega Smack-Fu Master, in training jump to post There may be other people in a similar situation as me. I bought Breath of the Wild when Amazon Prime had it discounted. To be fair, I thought I'd be able to buy a Switch by now, but I'm waiting until I can buy it at normal retail. 1 post | registered 4/14/2017 tagbadger Smack-Fu Master, in training jump to post I will admit I was one of those people who purchased the game to help compensate for being unable to purchase the system. Fortunately I was able to get a system when Best Buy briefly restocked a few weeks ago. 2 posts | registered 7/1/2013 Marlor Ars Praefectus jump to post Quote: (Some tourists and importers could be buying region-free copies of Breath of the Wild to use on Switch consoles they bought in other countries, but that doesn't seem like it would be all that common.) When I lived in Australia, and there was a favourable exchange rate, I bought most of my DS games this way. No region locking, half the price, why wouldn't you? In fact, there was even a local store that occasionally stocked import titles for region-free consoles, often with earlier release dates and cheaper prices. I wouldn't be surprised if this is more common than people might think. 3013 posts | registered 10/3/2003 Kyle Orland Kyle is the Senior Gaming Editor at Ars Technica, specializing in video game hardware and software. He has journalism and computer science degrees from University of Maryland. He is based in the Washington, DC area. Email kyle.orland@arstechnica.com // Twitter @KyleOrl reader comments 90 Share this story You must login or create an account to comment. ← Previous story Next story → Related Stories Sponsored Stories Powered by Today on Ars RSS Feeds View Mobile Site Visit Ars Technica UK About Us Contact Us Staff Advertise with us Reprints WIRED Media Group Use of this Site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/14) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/14), and Ars Technica Addendum (effective 5/17/2012). Your California Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Investing in Entry-Level Talent: Retention Strategies that Work SOURCE: FSG DESCRIPTION: Read the Report> $9 Billion Dollars That’s how much voluntary entry-level turnover cost the U.S. retail industry in 2016. And turnover rates are rising across industries from healthcare to banking. Investing in the retention and advancement of your entry-level workforce provides significant benefits to your business—financially, competitively, and culturally. In Investing in Entry-Level Talent: Retention Strategies that Work, we highlight 4 key strategies practiced by companies with track records of success. Find out how: Gap Inc. doubled retention rates Southwest Airlines achieved a 2-5% turnover rate Cigna’s tuition reimbursement program produced a 129% return on investment When companies invest in the retention and advancement of their entry-level employees, they can improve business outcomes and ultimately contribute to a more economically vibrant and equitable society. This research was funded by Walmart for the benefit of nonprofits, workforce organizations, and employers. Read the Report > Tweet me: Investing in Entry-Level Talent: #Retention Strategies that Work http://bit.ly/2pdWLHh @fsgtweets @walmart #HR #Recruitment KEYWORDS: Diversity & Inclusion, Millennials, impact hiring, entry-level retention, FSG CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Building Automation and Control Systems Market Forecast Showing 9.52% CAGR to 2021 Next PostNext ’60 Minutes’ Fixes Lens on „Miracle Eye Doctors” Search Recent Posts Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Market Report 2017 – Continental Ag, Delphi Automotive PLC, Robert Bosch Gmbh, Aisin Seiki Co. Ltd. Aircraft Landing Gear Market – Industry Analysis, Trends, Growth, Share, Forecasts and Regional Outlook Hydraulic Fluid Connectors Market 2015-2022 Analysis Report 48V Electrical Architecture Market | Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases Influenza Diagnostics Market 2015-2022 Outlook Research Report By DecisionDatabases Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News LeEco Announces Initiative to Bring Exclusive Content and Customized Products to U.S. Chinese Market Launch on April 14 Offers Unparalleled Promotions on LeEco Devices at LeEco.com/Chinese SAN JOSE, Calif., April 14th, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- LeEco, the global technology and internet company, announces a Chinese-market initiative to provide easy access to Chinese-language content seamlessly through LeEco's innovative ecosystem of products in the U.S.  The initiative is intended to expand LeEco's already large foothold in Chinese speaking households in the U.S. by providing tailor-made products and content for this community. LeEco has built partnerships with many U.S. Chinese TV stations, adding a rich variety of local Chinese content to its existing industry-leading Chinese film and TV content available through Letv, which includes 100,000 hours of videos, 500 episodes of original TV shows a year and hundreds of live channels. "LeEco is the first Chinese Internet company to provide tailored products, services and content to the Chinese community in the U.S.," said Qing Ye, VP of Smart Devices GTM, North America for LeEco.  "As China's most innovative Internet-based ecosystem company and a leading distributor of Chinese language content, LeEco is the company that is best suited to bring Chinese film and TV content and powerful devices to meet the needs of this unique and growing community." To bring the ultimate audio-visual entertainment experiences to Chinese users, LeEco customized its LeEco Box U4 for the U.S. market. This powerful hardware, combined with U.S.-based cloud network, provides users with a fast-loading, smooth and high definition audio-visual experiences. As a part of Open Eco platform and philosophy, LeEco provides Chinese users in the U.S. with access to a wide array of content from content providers and content creators, while connecting business partners directly to Chinese households in the U.S.  Media companies that have joined the Open Eco platform to date includes Sky Link TV, ICN TV Network, Dingding TV, UChannelTV, Wall Street Multimedia, OX3 TV Production, GCTV, Singtao TV, among others.  As one of the key measures of the program for the U.S. Chinese-speaking market, LeEco launched a Chinese language website, www.LeEco.com/Chinese.  The site enables Chinese individuals to purchase LeEco products using their native language.  In February, LeEco announced a partnership with Red Pocket Mobile, the wireless telecommunications service provider with a focus on the Chinese community in the U.S., to feature a LeEco experience tailor-made for Chinese American families and for Chinese living in the U.S. in select stores nationwide.  The relationship complements the growing list of retailers carrying LeEco products in the U.S., including Amazon.com, Target.com, Walmart.com, HSN.com; and in-stores and online at Best Buy, BrandsMart USA and Fry's. The launch coincides with the company's global LeMall 414 Eco E-Commerce Festival that begins on April 14th and offers unparalleled promotions in China, India, Russia and Hong Kong as well. Beginning at 12:00 a.m. ET on April 14th, the all-new LeEco.com/Chinese site will offer special promotions for the Chinese community in the U.S. for seven days straight including: Super4 X43 Pro – receive a free X43 ecotv and LeEco Box U4 with the purchase of 3 years of Letv membership and 3 months of DIRECTV NOW for only $345 (a total value of $971.96). LeEco U4 Box – originally priced at $149.99, the U4 Box is discounted to $119.99 and includes a free 2-year Letv premium membership. No contracts and no hidden fees. uMAX 85 – spin for a chance to win $1,000 off the already great price of $5,499 that also includes a free LeEco Box U4 and a 1-year Letv premium membership. To learn more about all promotions, visit LeEco at LeEco.com/Chinese Detailed ecophone and ecotv product information, photos and videos are available on our newsroom LeEco.com/us/newsroom/. About LeEco LeEco is a leading global technology and internet company establishing an Open Ecosystem platform as the new way forward for next-generation experiences and a truly connected lifestyle.  By connecting platforms, devices, software, content and applications, LeEco opens new opportunities for consumers and partners by creating a seamless experience that is redefining and personalizing content and services. LeEco offers a wide array of next-generation connected products – including smartphones, TVs, VR, bikes and cars – and content spanning sports, film and live entertainment. LeEco was recently named one of Fast Company's 2016 "Most Innovative Companies," ABI Research's "Hot Tech Innovators" and the recipient of Frost & Sullivan 2016 North American Smart Technologies Visionary Innovation Leadership Award." To learn more, visit LeEco.com and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.   SOURCE LeEco CategoriesUncategorized TagsAsian-Related News, Computer/ Electronics, Consumer Electronics, Entertainment, New Products/Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Blockchain Technology Industry 2017- Outlook Trends, Growth Factors, Top Manufacturers, Research Methodology and Forecasts by 2021 Next PostNext Sponsors for Educational Opportunity Raises $4.93 Million at SEO Annual Awards Dinner Search Recent Posts BETO Launches Interactive Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) Projects Map VA Seeks Pyxis Med-station and Smart Remote Manager Storybook Experiences Does It Again! Easter Egg-Perience a Huge Hit University of Missouri-Kansas City professor receives Presidents Award for Community Engagement Attorney Gouri G. Nair of Phoenix Suspended After Compromising Client Patent Award Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News LeEco Announces Initiative to Bring Exclusive Content and Customized Products to U.S. Chinese Market SAN JOSE, Calif., April 14th, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — LeEco, the global technology and internet company, announces a Chinese-market initiative to provide easy access to Chinese-language content seamlessly through LeEco’s innovative ecosystem of products in the U.S.  The initiative is intended to expand LeEco’s already large foothold in Chinese speaking households in the U.S. by providing tailor-made products and content for this community. LeEco has built partnerships with many U.S. Chinese TV stations, adding a rich variety of local Chinese content to its existing industry-leading Chinese film and TV content available through Letv, which includes 100,000 hours of videos, 500 episodes of original TV shows a year and hundreds of live channels. „LeEco is the first Chinese Internet company to provide tailored products, services and content to the Chinese community in the U.S.,” said Qing Ye, VP of Smart Devices GTM, North America for LeEco.  „As China’s most innovative Internet-based ecosystem company and a leading distributor of Chinese language content, LeEco is the company that is best suited to bring Chinese film and TV content and powerful devices to meet the needs of this unique and growing community.” To bring the ultimate audio-visual entertainment experiences to Chinese users, LeEco customized its LeEco Box U4 for the U.S. market. This powerful hardware, combined with U.S.-based cloud network, provides users with a fast-loading, smooth and high definition audio-visual experiences. As a part of Open Eco platform and philosophy, LeEco provides Chinese users in the U.S. with access to a wide array of content from content providers and content creators, while connecting business partners directly to Chinese households in the U.S.  Media companies that have joined the Open Eco platform to date includes Sky Link TV, ICN TV Network, Dingding TV, UChannelTV, Wall Street Multimedia, OX3 TV Production, GCTV, Singtao TV, among others.  As one of the key measures of the program for the U.S. Chinese-speaking market, LeEco launched a Chinese language website, www.LeEco.com/Chinese.  The site enables Chinese individuals to purchase LeEco products using their native language.  In February, LeEco announced a partnership with Red Pocket Mobile, the wireless telecommunications service provider with a focus on the Chinese community in the U.S., to feature a LeEco experience tailor-made for Chinese American families and for Chinese living in the U.S. in select stores nationwide.  The relationship complements the growing list of retailers carrying LeEco products in the U.S., including Amazon.com, Target.com, Walmart.com, HSN.com; and in-stores and online at Best Buy, BrandsMart USA and Fry’s. The launch coincides with the company’s global LeMall 414 Eco E-Commerce Festival that begins on April 14th and offers unparalleled promotions in China, India, Russia and Hong Kong as well. Beginning at 12:00 a.m. ET on April 14th, the all-new LeEco.com/Chinese site will offer special promotions for the Chinese community in the U.S. for seven days straight including: Super4 X43 Pro – receive a free X43 ecotv and LeEco Box U4 with the purchase of 3 years of Letv membership and 3 months of DIRECTV NOW for only $345 (a total value of $971.96). LeEco U4 Box – originally priced at $149.99, the U4 Box is discounted to $119.99 and includes a free 2-year Letv premium membership. No contracts and no hidden fees. uMAX 85 – spin for a chance to win $1,000 off the already great price of $5,499 that also includes a free LeEco Box U4 and a 1-year Letv premium membership. To learn more about all promotions, visit LeEco at LeEco.com/Chinese Detailed ecophone and ecotv product information, photos and videos are available on our newsroom LeEco.com/us/newsroom/. About LeEco LeEco is a leading global technology and internet company establishing an Open Ecosystem platform as the new way forward for next-generation experiences and a truly connected lifestyle.  By connecting platforms, devices, software, content and applications, LeEco opens new opportunities for consumers and partners by creating a seamless experience that is redefining and personalizing content and services. LeEco offers a wide array of next-generation connected products – including smartphones, TVs, VR, bikes and cars – and content spanning sports, film and live entertainment. LeEco was recently named one of Fast Company’s 2016 „Most Innovative Companies,” ABI Research’s „Hot Tech Innovators” and the recipient of Frost & Sullivan 2016 North American Smart Technologies Visionary Innovation Leadership Award.” To learn more, visit LeEco.com and follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Instagram.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/leeco-announces-initiative-to-bring-exclusive-content-and-customized-products-to-us-chinese-market-300439771.html SOURCE LeEco Related Links http://www.leeco.com/us CategoriesUncategorized TagsAsian American, New Products & Services Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Demand for MR Elastography Surges as Resoundant Prepares for ILC™ 2017 Next PostNext US Sports Camps Announces New Swim Director for the 2017 Nike Swim Camp at Fairfield University in Connecticut Search Recent Posts Plastic Bins Market Research Report – Myers Industries, ORBIS Corporation, Keter, Edsal INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against HMS Holdings Corp. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Skip Dye elected 2018-2019 United for Libraries president Rhode Island in Talks to Adopt Next-Generation MCAS Public Library Association awarded grant to sponsor summer library internships Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Five on Friday: 5 recent PR mistakes News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site World Five on Friday: 5 recent PR mistakes In our regular look at what has been making the headlines, Ramesh William casts an eye over recent PR gaffes that made the news.  By Ramesh William Posted 14 Apr 2017 20:21 Updated 14 Apr 2017 20:34 People hold signs to protest David Dao's removal from a United Airlines airplane by Chicago airport police at O'Hare International Airport during rally near United's counter at the airport's Terminal 1 in Chicago on Apr 11, 2017. (Photo: Chris Sweda/Chicago Tribune via AP) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A SINGAPORE: United Airlines this week delivered a masterclass in a) how not to treat a passenger and b) how not to react after bloodying said passenger’s face.  After the farce that saw them randomly selecting people to remove from an “overbooked” flight in order to accommodate a standby crew, United’s actions were strongly criticised as inexcusable, indefensible and pretty obtuse.  Looking at the video of the incident, one can’t help but wonder how is it that they couldn’t come up with a more palatable solution for sorting out an over-capacity aeroplane. It’s not that hard. Airlines, including United, deal with overbooked flights daily – and without too much fuss. This time around, however, things went badly wrong and United spent the rest of the week desperately fighting a rearguard action to salvage its battered reputation. When such gaffes occur, the fallout can be extremely tricky to fix – with bottomlines also taking a beating. With its CEO slip-sliding around in the incident’s immediate aftermath, United’s reputation will likely take a while to recover. While what happened with the airline was the mother of all public relations disasters, the company is not alone in having to attempt to fix a problem that was totally self-inflicted.  Here’s a look at other instances when companies - and their leaders - let themselves down.  BEST MOVIE BOO BOO  A producer from La La Land holds up the card bearing the name of the correct Best Picture winner (Moonlight) at the 2017 Academy Awards. (Photo: AP) In the world of entertainment, the bar for "live" TV gaffes was already set high. Steve Harvey’s howler at the 2015 Miss Universe pageant was so outrageous that few thought it would ever be surpassed. Well, how wrong most of us were. The scene of the crime this time? The Oscars. An event where naming winners is, you know, the only thing they do. And if it’s the only thing they do, then surely they can’t not get it right, no? Wrong. And it was a spectacular blunder too; the wrong winner was announced for the most coveted prize of all: Best Picture. Somehow, amid the bright lights, the stardust and shimmery gowns the wrong envelope was opened – and the wrong winner announced.   Both the accounting firm PwC (charged with keeping track of the envelopes) and The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences copped the blame in equal parts, with the fallout dragging on for days. Host Jimmy Kimmel compounded matters too, telling the cast and crew of La La Land, which was originally announced as winner, that they too deserved the Oscar alongside Moonlight. All in all, a night to forget - but one we’re sure won’t ever be forgotten.  WOULD YOU LIKE SNARK WITH THAT? A man sleeps at a 24-hour McDonald's restaurant in Hong Kong. (Photo: Tyrone Siu/Reuters) In 2012, McDonald’s embarked on an ill-fated Twitter campaign, asking users to tweet their own #McDStories. A sort of share-your-inspiring-stories-of-eating-at-Maccas social media offensive. The hashtag ended up being a receptacle for horror stories – a bashtag, if you will.   The gems ranged from the icky: “Fingernail in my Big Mac”; to dubious magical realism: “One time I walked into McDonalds and I could smell Type 2 diabetes floating in the air and I threw up”; and the downright cautionary: “I once worked at McDonald's. I have never eaten there since.” And just to add more sauce on the whole PR campaign fail: McDonald’s paid Twitter to have the hashtag promoted on its homepage. The thing with hashtags is that you have very little control over how others use it – and so it proved. McDonald’s nixed the ill-fated campaign within hours, but the twittersphere continued to burn bright with some choice zingers long afterwards. SPILLING THE WRONG WORDS  The Deepwater Horizon drilling well. (Photo: AP) Sometimes mistakes happen. Sometimes people can get complacent and an oversight takes place, with horrific consequences. What goes a long way in the public eye is owning up to the problem and subsequently making genuine efforts to address and fix it. In April 2010, the BP-operated Deepwater Horizon drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico caught fire, causing oil and methane gas to spew for nearly 90 straight days. But BP also found itself fire-fighting on another front – from the most unexpected of quarters: CEO Tony Hayward. A week after the spill he said: “What the hell did we do to deserve this?” Two weeks later he said the spill was “relatively tiny”.  It wasn’t. The US government estimated 4.2 million barrels of oil spilled into the sea. Then a month or so after that, he said: “I would like my life back”. This after 11 people had died in the incident. Talk about tone deaf. BP replaced Hayward later that October.  ABERCROMBIE & WITCH? Mike Jeffries. (Photo: Mark Lennihan/AP)  With his provocative comments and brash style, CEO Mike Jeffries made Abercrombie & Fitch more hated by some than Walmart. Some feat, that.  Over the years, Jeffries had come to be known for his provocative comments on a range of issues as well as his controversial business ideas and marketing stunts. Among other things, he said he didn’t want unattractive people wearing his clothes. “We hire good-looking people in our stores,” he said. “Because good-looking people attract other good-looking people, and we want to market to cool, good-looking people. We don't market to anyone other than that.” Soon, Jeffries’ constant harping on about his highly sexualised business philosophy and overall mean attitude turned customers away from the brand. He stepped down in 2014, but the company's cachet had already taken a pummelling by then.  'CHANGE YOUR PASSWORDS NOW!' Once a Silicon Valley sweetheart, Yahoo’s star had long been on the wane before its most recent spate of scandals. When Yahoo announced yet another security breach in February, it was the third of its kind in several months. Such was Yahoo’s reputation by then, few were surprised by the latest incident. It affected nearly 500 million users. In December, it announced that 1 billion users had their accounts compromised in a cyber-attack which was carried out in – wait for it – 2013. Yahoo said the stolen information may have included phone numbers, email addresses, names, passwords and possibly also encrypted and non-encrypted security questions and answers. Naturally, users fled in droves. Renowned security researcher and advocate Brian Krebs said: “For years I have been urging friends and family to migrate off of Yahoo email, mainly because I watched for years as the company appeared to fall far behind its peers in blocking spam and other email-based attacks … I stand by that recommendation.” - CNA/rw Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Hundreds of Amazon staff heap pressure on bosses to ditch Breitbart News Online retailer urged to drop website claimed to publish ‘hateful and bigoted content’ by its own employees, buoying up wider campaign Josie Cox Business Editor Tuesday 4 April 2017 10:15 BST Click to follow The Independent Online Breitbart views: Amazon chief executive Jeff Bezos reportedly received email from staff calling on him to ditch the right-wing news website Getty Nearly 600 Amazon employees are reportedly heaping pressure on their top bosses to cut ties with ultra-right-wing website Breitbart News. Last month staff at the online retail giant sent an email to chief executive Jeff Bezos and senior vice president Jeff Blackburn with the heading: “Amazon Must Stop Advertising on Breitbart News”, according to CNBC. The message reportedly included a petition opposing Amazon’s advertising on Breitbart, with 564 signatures. Read more Breitbart editors told reporters to 'stop attacking Jared Kushner' It believed to have alluded to a confrontation that took place between a member of staff and Mr Blackburn about advertising on a site claimed “regularly publishes hateful and bigoted content”. “What is it going to take for us to stop advertising on Breitbart News?” the employee reportedly asked. Amazon is not believed to have a direct relationship with Breitbart but it does select the exchanges through which it buys ads, which implies that it would have a degree of control over how they are targeted. Read more FBI 'investigating role of Breitbart in spreading fake news with bots' Right-wing media outlets want Trump to ditch his Obamacare replacement Another 100 companies pull advertising from Breitbart Breitbart: The extremist news network in bed with the Trump presidency Pressure on Amazon to stop advertising on Breitbart has intensified since the US presidential election in November. A petition on campaigning website SumofUs calling for Amazon to ditch Breitbart News has garnered more than 500,000 signatures. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 Amazon 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo Amazon did not immediately respond to The Independent’s requests for comment on the letter.   Breitbart News was founded by conservative commentator Andrew Breitbart in 2007 and was later expanded by senior Donald Trump aide Steve Bannon.  More about: Andrew Breitbart Amazon Breitbart News Donald Trump Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Fearless Muckraking Since 1993 Home Articles Recent Articles Magazine Current Issue Back Issues Subscribe Subscriber Access Subscribe Donate Archives Search Authors About JOIN LIST Books T-shirts podcasts FAQs April 14, 2017 Austerity Never Ends: Economists Say Wages Are Too High by Pete Dolack by Tweet Email No, you can’t really make this stuff up: Orthodox economists continue to tell us that the reason for ongoing economic stagnation is that wages and unemployment benefits are too high. Yes, that’s right. You haven’t suffered enough. Given that orthodox economics (or “neoclassical” or Chicago School, if you prefer alternate labels) exists as a propaganda tool to justify all manner of capitalist excesses and inequality, it’s not actually surprising that such snake oil continues to be peddled with a straight face. Never mind the years of stagnant wages, the decades of wages trailing productivity ever further, housing costs rising far more sharply than inflation, and the increased use of debt just to stay afloat. If you would just work for less, all would be well. The basic reason for that belief is an admission that, in a capitalist economy, wages are a commodity. (That really means human beings are commodities, but we can only expect so much truth here.) This underlying belief is succinctly summarized by this commentary offered by the conservative Library of Economics and Liberty: “Unemployment is just a labor surplus; since wages are the price of labor, the fundamental cause of unemployment has to be excessive wages.” But capitalism is supposed to be a perfect system, always moving toward equilibrium, according to capitalist dogma. So there should be no unemployment. There obviously is, so what’s the culprit? You’ve likely already guessed — it’s the government’s fault. The self-proclaimed capitalist tool, Forbes magazine, claims that wages aren’t increasing because “pent-up wage cuts didn’t happen” following the 2008 global economic meltdown and so poor downtrodden corporations have no choice but to keep wages from rising to make up for those cuts that should have been imposed. If only government policies wouldn’t interfere with the magic of the market, all would be well, Forbes asserts: “To summarize, government regulation and policy are very much linked to the enduring presence of wage stickiness and slow wage growth since the Great Recession.” There’s ideology, and then there’s the real world You can even win a Nobel Prize for these beliefs. The Nobel Prize for economics isn’t actually a Nobel Prize (officially, it is an add-on called the “The Sveriges Riksbank Prize in Economic Sciences in Memory of Alfred Nobel”), but, still, it’s widely considered one and it’s the highest honor an economist can receive. It almost invariably goes to a conservative economist who upholds orthodox ideology. One recent recipient is Thomas Sargent. Although he formally received his prize for other work, Dr. Sargent is known for writings in which he argues that unemployment benefits are too generous, and if such benefits were reduced, there would be “incentive” for people to go back to work. Here in the real world, there are many more candidates than jobs that pay a living wage, and unemployment benefits are insufficient to live on. Depending on the state, unemployment benefits amount to 30 to 50 percent of lost wages in the United States — hardly enough to live comfortably on, and it’s cut off after 26 weeks. British benefits are capped at £73.10, and it can be less if you have savings you have yet to tap. Nobody is living large on that amount. Continental European unemployment coverage is better, and, interestingly, some of the countries with the highest levels of benefits, such as Denmark, Norway and Finland, have among the lowest unemployment rates, although those benefits have eroded in recent years. Nonetheless, social safety nets in general lead to unemployment, Dr. Sargent believes. In an interview with Swedish Television, he said workers ought to be prepared for having low unemployment compensation in order to get the right incentives to search for jobs. “Sargent, with Swedish economist Lars Ljungqvist, found that high, long-lasting unemployment benefits in Europe have caused many European workers who lost their jobs to stay unemployed for years and, thereby, erode their human capital. This makes them less employable in the long run. The fact that the U.S. government extended unemployment benefits in many U.S. states to 99 weeks, said Sargent in the 2010 interview … ‘fills me with dread.’ ” Those extended terms of unemployment have since been rescinded, so he can hopefully now sleep at night. Related to supposedly overly generous social safety nets, is the idea that working people stubbornly refuse to accept wage cuts. This is not entirely true, as the effects of the North American Free Trade Agreement demonstrate. NAFTA has caused a persistent decline in wages for displaced workers and manufacturers routinely threaten to shut down and/or move their facilities in response to unionization drives since NAFTA came into force. But, remember, we’re dealing with ideology here, not practical reality. Two years ago, the San Francisco branch of the Federal Reserve issued a report that blamed ongoing economic weakness on wages not falling enough. The paper claimed: “One explanation for this pattern is the hesitancy of employers to reduce wages and the reluctance of workers to accept wage cuts, even during recessions, a behavior known as downward nominal wage rigidity.” Cutting wages won’t be a panacea Falling wages might provide a short-term boost to corporate profits, but the reduced purchasing power of working people would soon cause people to buy less. That is disastrous in advanced capitalist countries, where consumer spending generally accounts for anywhere from 60 to 70 percent of gross domestic product. Lars Syll, a heterodox economist and self-described critic of market fundamentalism writing on the Real-World Economics Review Blog, put this plainly: “The aggregate effects of wage cuts would, as shown by Keynes, be catastrophical. They would start a cumulative spiral of lower prices that would make the real debts of individuals and firms increase since the nominal debts wouldn’t be affected by the general price and wage decrease. In an economy that more and more has come to rest on increased debt and borrowing this would be the entrance-gate to a debt deflation crises with decreasing investments and higher unemployment. In short, it would make depression knock on the door.” Falling wages were a reality during the Great Depression, but that didn’t help matters. By 1933 in the United States, manufacturing wages fell 34 percent and unemployment rose to about 25 percent. The Canadian economy contracted by more than 40 percentand unemployment reached 30 percent in 1933. Collapses in wages did not bring better times; only the massive government spending to wage World War II put an end to the Depression. Moreover, already existing low wages come at a high cost. A 2015 study by the researchers at the University of California Berkeley Center for Labor Research and Education found that public benefits given to people who have jobs but can’t live on their meager wages cost the public more than $150 billion annually in the United States — more than half of total public-assistance spending by federal and state governments. Wal-Mart alone costs taxpayers an estimated $6 billion per year subsidizing the retailer’s low pay and paltry benefits at the same time it pays out similar amounts in dividends, half of which go to the Walton family. Working harder for less As all of you doing the jobs of two or three people at your place of employment have undoubtedly noticed, more work is not being rewarded with more pay. The average U.S. household earns about $18,000 less than it would had wages kept pace with productivity gains, and the average Canadian household is short at least $10,000 per year because of pay lagging productivity gains. Workers across Europe, including in Britain, Germany and Spain, have also seen pay lag productivity. The upward flow of money not only causes more inequality but further concentrates power in the hands of plutocrats. As David Ruccio summarized in a separate Real-World Economics Review Blog post: “If you put the two trends together—increased individual income inequality and increased corporate savings—what we’re witnessing then is increasing private control over the social surplus. Wealthy individuals and large corporations are able to capture and decide on their own what to do with the surplus, with all the social ramifications associated with their decisions to invest where and when they want—or not to invest, and thus to accumulate cash, repay debt, and repurchase their own equity shares. And proposals to decrease tax rates for wealthy individuals and corporations will only increase that private control.” And that is the context to keep in mind when one reads fairy tales such as this from the far right Mises Institute: “Ending poverty and giving people additional income are praiseworthy goals, but there are no free lunches in this world. And trying to force prosperity through a minimum wage simply creates a whole host of negative and unintended consequences especially for those who are the most vulnerable.” The value of the minimum wage in the U.S. is about two-thirds of what it was when it reached its inflation-adjusted peak in 1968. The Canadian minimum wage is worth about a dollar less than its peak in 1976. Australia’s minimum wage is well below what it was worth in 1985. Even in these bare bottom-line terms, a higher minimum wage is hardly a “free lunch.” It is still less so when we realize that jobs don’t come from the great benevolence of bosses nor are profits conjured out of thin air by the genius of capitalists. Employers generate profits by paying employees much less than the value of what they produce. Increased exploitation through work speedups, increased workloads and benefits reductions mean that capitalists are taking a bigger share of the value of what you produce. And here we come to the real meaning of “freedom” that capitalists and their publicists so love to extol. “Freedom” for industrialists and financiers is freedom to rule over, control and exploit others; “justice” is the unfettered ability to enjoy this freedom, a justice reflected in legal structures. Working people are “free” to compete in a race to the bottom set up by capitalists. The world’s central banks have printed and spent $8 trillion (€7.4 trillion) to buy bonds, mostly those issued by their own governments. Imagine what that spending could have done if that money had been given to people or used for productive social spending instead of a free lunch for financial speculators. Join the debate on Facebook Pete Dolack writes the Systemic Disorder blog and has been an activist with several groups. His book, It’s Not Over: Learning From the Socialist Experiment, is available from Zero Books. More articles by:Pete Dolack next - Fighting Fear, Hundreds Join Border Caravan for Migrant Rights, previous - The WTO Just Wants a Little Appreciation, Dammit, CounterPunch Magazine Subscribe! 36 Pages, 6 Times a Year Weekend Edition April 14, 2017 Friday - Sunday John Pilger Australia Beckons a War With China Paul Street Bernie Sanders, the Company Man Jeffrey St. Clair Roaming Charges: Love at First Strike Joshua Frank Snipers and Infiltrators at Standing Rock: Quashing Protests at Taxpayer Expense Andrew Levine No More Silver Lining: Trump Turns Clintonian Vincent Emanuele Chocolate Cake, the MOAB and Hexavalent Chromium: Let the Good Times Roll! Theodore A. Postol An Assessment of the White House Intelligence Report About the Nerve Agent Attack in Khan Shaykhun, Syria Uri Avnery Syria: Cui Bono? Jason Hirthler Opportunity Strikes: Becoming a War President May Yet Salvage Trump’s Presidency John Laforge Nuclear Power Bums, Bailouts and Bankruptcy John Wight Hubris and Dysfunction in Trumpland Dave Lindorff Whackos in Washington: the Risky Game of Regime Decapitation Laura Carlsen Fighting Fear, Hundreds Join Border Caravan for Migrant Rights Pete Dolack Austerity Never Ends: Economists Say Wages Are Too High Charles Pierson The WTO Just Wants a Little Appreciation, Dammit Ted Rall Time for a Real Passenger Bill of Rights Brian Cloughley Western Hypocrisy About Airstrike Killings Missy Comley Beattie F the USA Murray Dobbin When Nazi Ghosts Come Back to Life Oscar Zambrano Monetary Barbarism at United Airlines Atef Said From Tahrir to You: Claiming Democracy Beyond Trump Rev. William Alberts Easter is About Empathy, Not an Empty Tomb Christopher Brauchli The Bright Side of Deportation: Private Prison Stocks are Soaring! Sarah Anderson You Pay Your Fair Share, Shouldn’t Wall Street? Jesselyn Radack What Have We Done? Executive Power, Drones, and Trump Andre Vltchek Only Rational Thinking Will Save the World Franklin Lamb Lebanon’s Outlawing of Palestinian Civil Rights Stansfield Smith Ecuador’s  Accomplishments Under the 10 Years of  Rafael Correa’s Citizen’s Revolution Kay Sather Do Not Add Water: the Politics of the Toilet David Rosen Are Sex Toys the Next Battleground in the Culture Wars? Richard Klin This is What You Get Ramzy Baroud Palestine Retold: Palestine’s Tragic Anniversaries are Not Only About Remembrance Peter Certo After the Chemical Attacks, It’s Time to Lift the Muslim Ban Michael J. Sainato Smog Alert: What Trump’s EPA Cut Proposals Could Do to Air Quality Joseph Natoli Psychotocracy in a Post-Truth World Binoy Kampmark Dreaming of Coal: Turnbull Goes to India Patrick Bond South Africa Writhes in New Political-Economic Birth Pains Dmitry Shlapentokh The Lesson of “Ashokacare” Matthew Vernon Whalan War on Kids: the Psychology of Politics of Future Destruction Abel Cohen Worse Than Nixon Randy Shields Comrade Rat-Face, Where is the Chess? John Eskow J Geils and the Death of the American Band Louis Proyect Corruption and Poverty in Bulgaria Charles R. Larson Review: Nadeem Aslam’s “The Golden Legend” David Yearsley MOAB Music CounterPunch Tells the Facts and Names the Names Published since 1996 Copyright © CounterPunch All rights reserved. counterpunch@counterpunch.org Mailing Address CounterPunch PO Box 228 Petrolia, CA 95558 Telephone 1(707) 629-3683 or 1(800) 840-3683 Editorial Jeffrey St. Clair, Editor Joshua Frank, Managing Editor Nathaniel St. Clair, Social Media Alexander Cockburn, 1941-2012 Business Becky Grant Business Manager counterpunchbiz@gmail.com Deva Wheeler Subscription and merchandise fulfillment counterpunchdeva@gmail.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. MENU Home Donate Donate via Paypal Search Recent Articles Top Stories Podcasts Subscribe Magazine – Current Issue Books Store Archives FAQs
Follow @triplepundit 47.8k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Your Corporate Guide to Responsible Waste Management In this editorial series in partnership with Covanta Environmental Solutions, we’ll explore steps your company can take to edge closer to zero waste targets. Sponsored by Covanta Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Close Events Sustainable Brands 2017: Detroit (3p Discount code: NWMP3pSB17det) Sustainable Brands is the largest peer community of global business leaders committed to brand value creation through sustainability-led innovation. SB’17 Detroit brings brand leaders together to ‘Redefine the Good Life’. Please use 3p discount code NWMP3pSB17det. [REGISTER HERE] May 22-25: Detroit Sustainatopia (3p discount code “TP15”) Both a conference and a broad-ranging festival, SUSTAINATOPIA brings together the global ecosystem of social, financial and environmental sustainability & impact. [REGISTER HERE] Us code TP15 for 15% off May 7-10: San Francisco Conscious Company Global Leadership Forum This forum is about the experience — an intimate, curated group of leaders discussing what matters most to each of their journeys, their companies, and the greater good of the world. [REGISTER HERE] June 7-9: San Francisco Green Sports Alliance Summit 2017 "PLAY GREENER: Engaging Fans, Athletes & Communities", focused on mobilizing members and partners to bring about positive environmental and social impact across their fan-base and surrounding communities. [REGISTER HERE] June 27-29: Sacramento GRI Certified Training for Sustainability Reporting +CDP! Learn how to use the new GRI Standards including how to manage the reporting process, assess an organization’s significant impacts, select report topics and performance measures, and follow best practices for developing top-quality sustainability reports. [REGISTER HERE] May 17-19: New York Companies vs Climate Change: Europe and USA Events. An event series whose mission it is to bring together companies from around the world to discuss climate change and how they can work together to address it most impactfully. Now building sponsorship and registration. [INFO HERE] Oct & Dec: Brussels & Miami Close 3p Podium Media Kit Tom’s of Maine Founder Wants to Revitalize the U.S. Apparel Industry by Leon Kaye on Friday, Apr 14th, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Rambler’s Way is trying to appeal to consumers concerned about their clothes’ environmental and social impacts. Tom Chappell co-founded Tom’s of Maine with his wife, Kate, in 1970 and revolutionized the personal care industry. Over the years, skeptics said there was absolutely no way consumers would buy apricot- or calendula-scented deodorant; the same was said about fennel mixed with propolis and myrrh in order to create toothpaste. But then the products started to appear at retailers including Trader Joe’s and Target. A decade ago, Colgate-Palmolive acquired Tom’s of Maine for a reported $100 million. Soon after the sale closed, Chappell was inspired to establish another company with a similar mission — only this time within the apparel industry. During a trek through Wales, he struggled to find a fabric that could wick away moisture, keep him warm, and allow him to go from the trail to town without having to change. Cotton, silk and synthetics were not up to the task. Wool, if woven in a certain way, could do the trick. But sheep in the U.S. are generally raised to produce meat, not wool. Chappell insisted that he could transform clothing the way he changed personal care, and Rambler’s Way was born. The idea behind Rambler’s Way is a high-performance clothing line that looks great with an entirely American supply chain. Chappell developed relationships with ranchers in Western states. He found both a wool-scouring plant and a spinning mill in South Carolina, and partnered with a knitting mill in North Carolina. Rambler’s Way cloths are high-performance and offer a classic look — but they may be pricey to many consumers But in the decade since Chappell conceptualized his latest venture, he has confronted one huge challenge: the American consumer. Americans’ simmering resentment against manufacturing moving overseas finally bubbled over in the last few years, the result of which led to the insurgent presidential candidacy of Bernie Sanders and, now, the insurgent presidency of Donald Trump. At the same time, Americans want their products fast and they want them cheap – whether they go to the big-box stores like Target and Walmart or have them delivered to their doorstep via Amazon. Hence the struggle for companies that are determined to manufacture clothes in the U.S., from Los Angeles’ American Apparel to Massachusetts’ Osmium. The 2013 Rana Plaza tragedy in Bangladesh sparked some interest in both domestic and ‘ethical’ clothing manufacturers, and consumers understand the appeal of locally-made clothes – as long as they don’t have to pay for them. And as a result, the American textile and clothing sector has declined to the point that many of the mills that once employed many workers in the South and New England, as well as their suppliers, are gone. As profiled in Inc. magazine this month, Chappell had to slowly build his own vertically-integrated supply chain. His journey included cajoling ranchers into raising a particular breed of sheep known for its wool quality. At one point, he even tried to launch his own ranch. Finding a mill that could create the thin and lightweight fabric he coveted was also a daunting task. Then there was the sales and distribution of Rambler’s Way clothing. At first, Chappell tried to rely on independent retailers and consignment agreements. But the lack of interest, as well as the boom in online shopping, almost shuttered the company two years ago. Now, it is making a big push into brick-and-mortal retail stores, running counter to industry trends. The first stores have opened in towns such as Hanover and Portsmouth in New Hampshire, as well as in the company’s home base of Kennebunk, Maine. More stores are scheduled for launch across New England. Chappell believes there is a target market for this line of men’s and women’s clothing, and the clothes reflect a timeless quality that should appeal to just about every consumer. But unfortunately for American manufacturing, customer’s hearts and wallets are far from aligned. Men’s shirts, including a classic wool gabardine button-down, are priced as high as $230; a shirt at H&M or Target costs a tenth of that, an easier sell for consumers even if they know how it may affect garment workers in countries such as Cambodia, Bangladesh and China. Image credit: Rambler’s Way Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6507 articles in this category: 3p Weekend: 10 Corporate Hiring Programs Worth a Closer Look Silicon Valley Gets Its Report Card On Workplace Diversity (And It’s Not Pretty) Tom’s of Maine Founder Wants to Revitalize the U.S. Apparel Industry Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News Business Business News Apple ‘considering investing several billion dollars’ in Toshiba’s semiconductor business Toshiba has narrowed down the field of bidders for its chip unit to four suitors, sources have said previously Makiko Yamazaki, Junko Fujita, Tim Kelly, Chang-Ran Kim Friday 14 April 2017 15:01 BST Click to follow The Independent Online The proposal is aimed at allaying the Japanese government’s concerns over any transfer of sensitive technology to investors it deems a risk to national security, it said Getty Apple is considering teaming up with its supplier Foxconn to bid for Toshiba’s semiconductor business, public broadcaster NHK said on Friday – the latest twist in the sale of the world’s second-biggest flash memory chip maker. Apple is considering investing at least several billion dollars to take a stake of more than 20 per cent in a plan that would have Toshiba maintain a partial stake to keep the business under US and Japanese control, NHK reported, citing an unidentified source. The proposal is aimed at allaying the Japanese government’s concerns over any transfer of sensitive technology to investors it deems a risk to national security, it said. Read more Toshiba warns about its ability to continue as a going concern Apple was not immediate available to comment. Taiwan’s Foxconn, formally known as Hon Hai Precision Industry, declined to comment. The report comes as Western Digital Corp, Toshiba’s partner and one of the bidders of its chip business, warned this week that the Japanese firm is violating a joint venture contract in plans to sell to its chip unit, and urged that it be given exclusive negotiating rights. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 Amazon 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo Toshiba has narrowed down the field of bidders for its chip unit to four suitors, sources have said previously. They are US chip maker Broadcom, which has partnered with private equity firm Silver Lake Partners LP; South Korean chip maker SK Hynix; Foxconn, the world’s largest contract electronics maker, and Western Digital. Reuters More about: Toshiba Apple Foxconn Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site

Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Jet Woocommerce extension upgraded to 3.0.X (1888PressRelease) April 14, 2017 – Portland, Oregon – New version of Jet Woocommerce is now available. The extension has been upgraded in accordance to Woocommerce’s 3.0.1 launch on April 4th, 2017. The new version comprises of significant changes from its predecessor as there are several improvements and bugs been fixed in the new Woocommerce 3.0.X list. Some of the fixes are: * Fix – Show catalog hidden products within grouped products. * Fix – Fade in the gallery in if no images are set or it’s custom. * Fix – Use wc_deprecated_function in WC_Deprecated_Hooks so notices aren’t output in ajax requests. * Fix – Added back the ability to include extra items to the System Status using the woocommerce_system_status_environment_rows filter. * Fix – Coupon category restrictions and limits for variations. * Fix – Allow shortcodes and HTML in variation descriptions like in 2.6. * Fix – Unset post date when duplicating products. * Fix – Show a sale price on variable products if on sale and all prices are the same. * Fix – Corrected download links when a product has multiple downloads. * Fix – Prevented potential errors if the product type was not posted for any reason on save. To know about more fixes. read Woocommerce Reversioned as Woocommerce 3.0.X With new upgrade, Woocommerce is much more performance oriented and optimized. The new Woocommerce update promises certain improvements: An updated product gallery with new zoom, gallery view and mobile features Multiple speed and performance improvements The addition of CRUD classes A new CLI powered by the REST API „We’ve packed several significant performance enhancements into 3.0, which you’re most likely to notice if you have a larger store”, also read the company blogpost. The new version has new CRUD classes added to it. CRUD stands for Create, Read, Update, Delete – the four basic operations you can do to a resource. With the CRUD classes added to WooCommerce 3.0, online sellers can modify orders, products, customers, line items, shipping zones, payment tokens, and coupons with less code across a unified system. And with this, the changes have been implemented in the highly popular Jet Woocommerce and Walmart Woocommerce extension. It is to be noted that Cedcommerce is Official Channel Integration Partner of Walmart.com Availability: The upgraded extensions are available at Cedcommerce Store and can be downloaded from the their respective product pages: About Cedcommerce: Since 2010, the Cedcommerce have been indulged in the Woocommerce extension development, the company offers add-ons across different online selling verticals. Also, it offers multichannel sales extensions enabling online sellers to offer their products at Walmart.com. ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Centrify appoints new EMEA Channel Director Next PostNext The Prophets Of Addiction Announce 2017 Tour Dates And More Search Recent Posts Zimmer Kinectiv Hip Implant Trial Ends In $2 Mil. Verdict For Injured Plaintiff Point-of-Care Diagnostics Market- Growth Opportunities by Regions, Type and Application; Trends Forecast to 2021 Silver Ink Market in United States Analysis, Growth, Demand Research Report 2017-2022 Podiatry Examination Chairs Market: Study Growth Factors, Types and Applications with Industry Forecasts to 2021 Homogeneous Catalyst Sales Market Consumption in United States Size, Share, and Trends and Forecast 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
skip to main content NPR News in Milwaukee Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Project Milwaukee Bubbler Talk Environment Education Precious Lives Economy & Business Politics & Government Health & Science Arts & Culture Lake Effect Contributors Programs Lake Effect UWM Today It's Alright, Ma All Programs Schedule About WUWM Contact Us WUWM App Jobs / Intern / Volunteer Innovative Weather Contests Support WUWM Membership Levels NewsWorthy Offers Leadership Giving Vehicle Donation Business Sponsorship Search Menu Home News Project Milwaukee Bubbler Talk Environment Education Precious Lives Economy & Business Politics & Government Health & Science Arts & Culture Lake Effect Contributors Programs Lake Effect UWM Today It's Alright, Ma All Programs Schedule About WUWM Contact Us WUWM App Jobs / Intern / Volunteer Innovative Weather Contests Support WUWM Membership Levels NewsWorthy Offers Leadership Giving Vehicle Donation Business Sponsorship Search Pete's Fruit Market Aims to End Food Desert in Milwaukee's Bronzeville Neighborhood By Marti Mikkelson • Apr 14, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Pete's Fruit Market is set to open in May in the Bronzeville neighborhood Marti Mikkelson Listen Listening... / 3:54 Milwaukee has a number of neighborhoods that lack easy access to grocery stores. An end is in sight for one of these food deserts. Pete’s Fruit Market plans to open a store next month in Milwaukee's Bronzeville District. Business is booming at Pete’s on the south side, and now the owners want to recreate the magic on North King Drive. In order to envision what the north side store will look like, you need to travel to the south side operation. It has some cool features, such as a barker who stands at the front of the store and shouts out the daily specials. And, owner Pete Tsitiridis stands by the produce aisle, giving away fresh slices of fruit. “I cut them and they sample. I give them samples of all the food that I have and they love it. I cut watermelons, cantaloupes, oranges, everything,” he says. In summer, Tsitiridis moves some of his business outside, so customers can enjoy a farmer’s market experience and sample Mexican cuisine from a couple food trucks. Tsitiridis is a native of Greece; he’s owned Pete’s Fruit Market for more than 20 years. It’s located just off of 16th street, in the heart of Milwaukee’s Latino neighborhood. He says he’s been looking to expand for years, and has had his eye on the new location at the corner of King Drive and North Avenue. Pete Tsitiridis hands out fresh fruit slices at his store on the south side. Credit Marti Mikkelson “I haven’t seen any operator over there that has daily fresh fruits and vegetables and the neighborhood is in need of a store like ours. The location is great, there’s a lot of traffic and a lot of people around and I think we’re going to do better than here,” Tsitiridis says. Tsitiridis says the new store will feature some of the same offerings as the one on the south side, including those delicious free samples. He plans to employ at least 50 neighborhood residents to work on King Drive, including Chris Harris. The store has already hired - and is training him. Today, Harris is wearing a store apron and learning to organize the produce. “They are cross training me to work on every area of the store so when we get to the new store, at least somebody will know what’s going on,” Harris says. Harris says he’s been through periods of unemployment in his life, and is grateful that Pete’s is coming to his neighborhood. He likes that the central location will be easy to access. “As far as transportation, a lot of people who live in the neighborhood can get back and forth, walking or on the bus, so I think it’s a nice addition,” Harris says. “It’s hard to find good stores that have fresh food, because we need it around here.” Amanda is waiting for the bus at the corner of King and North, just a few feet from the new store. She says now, she has to travel several miles to get to the nearest grocer. “The one grocery store that’s close to me is Walmart and Pick 'n Save and that’s too far for me because I have to take the city bus all the way over there,” she says. LISTEN: Community Partners Work to Make Fresh Food Accessible on Milwaukee's Near West Side "It's a strong feeling throughout the community that... [Pete's will] change Bronzeville, it'll change the King Drive BID because it's sitting in the center of our business district." The 10,000 square foot building Amanda stands in front of many days has colorful signs in its windows reading, “Coming Soon – Pete’s Fruit Market.” Another person excited about the development is Deshea Agee, director of the Historic King Drive Business Improvement District. He calls the grocer a “game changer” for the neighborhood. “It’s a strong feeling throughout the community that, and even as I get calls from people asking when are they opening, it will change the corner of King Drive and North Avenue, it’ll change Bronzeville, it’ll change the King Drive BID because it’s sitting in the center of our business district,” Agee says. And where there is foot traffic and shoppers – often come more retailers. In fact, Agee says developers are planning a second fresh food market for King Drive, located just a few blocks north of Pete’s. Tags:  WUWM News food desert TweetShareGoogle+Email Related Content Healthy Food Choices Is Often A Matter of Geography By Tom Luljak • Mar 23, 2017 Jon Strelecki For most of us, going to the local supermarket with a wide selection of healthy choices is just part of our routine. But if you are poor, making a decision about what to eat is often a matter of geography. More often than not, your choices are limited to corner grocery stores stocked with foods high in sugar and fats. Community Partners Work to Make Fresh Food Accessible on Milwaukee's Near West Side By Mitch Teich & Audrey Nowakowski • Mar 9, 2017 arinahabich / Fotolia There are many neighborhoods in Milwaukee that lack easy access to grocery stores. Near West Side Partners and Marquette University have launched The Grocery Challenge to seek solutions. When School Cafeterias Close, Milwaukee Groups Feed Local Kids By Rachel Morello • Jul 6, 2016 Rachel Morello For most kids, summer is the best time of year: school’s out, the sun is shining and days are free and open. But for many little ones in and around Milwaukee, summer also means less stability, particularly when it comes to food. That’s why community groups have stepped in to provide meals when school cafeterias close. Walnut Way Incubator Strives to Boost Business, Nurture Neighbors By Ann-Elise Henzl • Oct 30, 2015 Michelle Maternowski A low-income neighborhood on Milwaukee's near north side turns a corner Friday. Residents and planners are celebrating the grand opening of the Innovation and Wellness Commons in Lindsay Heights. Activists have implemented numerous improvements in the area in recent years. But the Commons is their first commercial venture. Milwaukee Public Media is a service of UW-Milwaukee's College of Letters & Science © 2017 WUWM Contact Us Facebook Twitter Contest Rules
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Cape May beach cam in New Jersey Kittens nap and play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Penguin cam at the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, Fla. Live look at the beach surf in Belmar, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out More A month after 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas allegedly disappeared with Tad Cummins, his wife says he left her a note. 1:38 | 04/13/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out of this police encounter. David? Zbrmpkts next tonight an ABC news exclusive tonight. Tonight, right here, the wife and daughters of a Tennessee high schoolteacher accused of kidnapping his 15-year-old student. That teacher's family now speaking out to our Eva pilgrim. His wife saying she never saw any reason to doubt him. His daughters begging him tonight to return home. It's. It's one month to the day that 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas disappeared after getting dropped off at a Tennessee restaurant. Her alleged kidnapper? Her teacher, tad Cummins. Now tonight, his wife, family is speaking out in an exclusive interview with our Eva pilgrim. The last time they were spotted? ? We just want to come home. We miss you so much. We're here for you, no matter what. Reporter: The last time they were spotted? Two days after disappearing in Oklahoma City, hundreds of miles from home. Surveillance cameras captures the teacher and the student in a Walmart. New tonight, ABC news learning that Cummins left a note for his wife. What was in that note? That's something because of the investigation I feel like I shouldn't discuss. Reporter: Cummins' wife of 31 years, now filing for divorce. And now we've learned Cummins uses blood pressure medication. So authorities are telling pharmacies across the country to be on alert for Cummins. He's expected to need a prescription refill soon. In Columbia, Tennessee, Eva pilgr pilgrim, ABC news. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Family of missing Tennessee teen files legal petition against alleged kidnapper The family of Elizabeth Thomas filed a petition against former teacher Tad Cummins in hopes of questioning anyone with information about the time leading up to the pair's disappearance. Fugitive ex-teacher researched 'teen marriage,' police say Tad Cummins, 50, a suspect in the alleged kidnapping of Elizabeth Thomas, 15, also did online research about his car "to determine if certain features could be tracked by law enforcement," according to authorities. Now Playing: Family of missing Tennessee teen files legal petition against alleged kidnapper Now Playing: Fugitive ex-teacher researched 'teen marriage,' police say Now Playing: New details on relationship between former teacher and missing student Now Playing: Wisconsin fugitive in custody after intense 10-day manhunt Now Playing: Terrifying calls for help from San Bernardino elementary school shooting Now Playing: Alleged sexual abuse scandal at elite Connecticut boarding school Choate Now Playing: Jury finds Aaron Hernandez not guilty of killing 2 people during a drive-by shooting in 2012 Now Playing: Retired Air Force mechanic fixes cars for the less fortunate for free Now Playing: Aftermath of tornado in Western Michigan Now Playing: Aaron Hernandez found not guilty in double murder case Now Playing: 'GMA' Hot List: Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student pleads for their safe return Now Playing: 911 calls of San Bernardino school shooting capture panic, fear Now Playing: Baby, mom and grandpa fight life-threatening illnesses at once Now Playing: 10-year-old boy helps save grandmother in house fire Now Playing: Fugitive who mailed manifesto to Trump captured in Wisconsin Now Playing: Dangerous fugitive who mailed manifesto to Trump captured in Wisconsin Now Playing: How to make almond crunch for Passover Now Playing: April 15, 2013: Boston Marathon bombing special report Now Playing: 24 people stranded on roller coaster in Maryland Now Playing: Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46789865,"title":"Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out","duration":"1:38","description":"A month after 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas allegedly disappeared with Tad Cummins, his wife says he left her a note.","url":"/WNT/video/abc-news-exclusive-family-teacher-accused-kidnapping-student-46789865","section":"WNT","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Log In 0 of 3 Premium Clicks used this month Print + Online Subscriber Activation Register Subscribe News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Autos Jobs Real Estate Classifieds Member Rewards log in 911 Briefs (April 14, 2017) Thursday Apr 13, 2017 at 6:42 PM Apr 13, 2017 at 6:42 PM The Record Man with machete attacks two STOCKTON — A machete-wielding assailant yelled at a pedestrian on a north Stockton residential street Wednesday night, then attacked him, chasing him all the way to his home, police reported. The victim, who was walking home at 11:30 p.m. in the 4400 block of Calandria Street south of Bianchi Road, suffered a minor injury to his hand but declined medical attention, the report stated. He barricaded himself inside his garage as the assailant tried to break in, vandalizing the door. The assailant then saw another person watching him and chased that person, who ran into his own home and was not injured, according to police. The assailant fled before officers arrived. He was described as a Latino man with a shaved head, 5 feet 4 with a thin build, and tattoos on his arms and chest.  Man arrested after purse snatchings STOCKTON — A woman putting groceries in her car in the 700 block of West Hammer Lane at 9:11 a.m. Thursday had her purse stolen by a man who fled in a green Dodge Straus, police said. A few minutes earlier, another woman had her purse snatched in a grocery store parking lot in the 3200 block of East Hammer Lane, police said. Both victims provided similar license plates on a green Dodge Stratus, and detectives soon found it near Sonora and Church Streets, police said. The driver, later identified as 58-year-old Larry Tucker, was identified by the victims and arrested on suspicion of robbery, police said. Man arrested in gun theft from car LODI — Lodi Police Officers arrested a man on suspicion of burglary on Tuesday. According to police, a guest at the Motel 6, 1140 S. Cherokee Lane, discovered his vehicle had been burglarized that morning, and two firearms were stolen. An investigation led officers to a suspect vehicle in a Walmart parking lot in Stockton, police said. Officers searched the vehicle and found the two firearms, police said. Further investigation led officers to arrest 31-year-old Emmanuel Montes. Police said Montes is linked to another burglary that occurred in Lodi. Two injured in DUI crash SAN ANDREAS — Two people were injured Wednesday when the vehicle they were in overturned at 3:13 p.m. on eastbound Highway 12 just east of Double Springs Road. California Highway Patrol officers said 54-year-old Matthew Jercich of San Jose was driving a 2004 Pontiac westbound on Highway 12 at an unknown speed when he swerved onto the shoulder and lost control, causing the Pontiac to overturn. Jercich was arrested on suspicion of felony driving under the influence. He and his passenger, 60-year-old Sapphira Jercich of San Jose, were taken to Mark Twain Medical Center and then flown to a Modesto hospital for treatment of injuries, officers said.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Reader Services Subscriptions Subscriber controls Contact us Submissions Photos Events Letters to the editor Corrections Announcements & Obits Story ideas Alerts Email alerts RSS feeds Text Alerts Advertise Media Kit Home Products and services Ad rates Advertising contacts Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. recordnet.com ~ 530 East Market Street, Stockton, CA 95202 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Crime & Courts Government Education Environment Fitzgerald column Weather Shareable Databases Sports Prep Football High School Sports College Sports Motorsports Outdoors Pro Sports Auto Racing Entertainment Dining Music Travel Theater Things To Do Calendar Life Family Food & Wine Health & Fitness Home & Garden People Pets Business Agriculture Local Business Retail Opinion Columns Letters Editorials Obituaries Area Deaths More Photos Videos Calendar Blogs myRecord Record Press Club Specialty Publications Member Rewards Contests TV Guide Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscriber services Subscribe Email alerts Text Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Limelight Deals Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Hot Topics: More Fulford Charges Easter Services Lisa Loeb Show Disney Wish Granted Kembel Breaks Track Record Best Bets for Fun in NoCo RH Line Horse Rescued Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland Police calls April 12-13, 2017 Posted:   04/13/2017 07:23:25 PM MDT Wednesday Arrests • 6:09 p.m. In the 3400 block of Mountain Lion Drive, a 46-year-old Loveland woman on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of drugs and two counts of misdemeanor child abuse. • 6:48 p.m. In the 1900 block of West 24th Street, a 15-year-old Loveland boy on a felony warrant alleging trespass. • 9:40 p.m. In the 300 block of East 13th Street, a 39-year-old Loveland man on suspicion of misdemeanor assault. Thursday Arrests • 2:52 a.m. At Fairgrounds Park in the 700 block of South Railroad Avenue, a 33-year-old Loveland man on an unknown misdemeanor warrant. • 12:19 p.m. At Wal-Mart, 250 W. 65th St., a 19-year-old Fort Collins woman on an unknown felony warrant and two misdemeanor warrants alleging failure to appear in court on various charges. • 2:53 p.m. In the 400 block of Knobcone Drive, an 18-year-old Loveland man on a misdemeanor warrant alleging failure to comply with a charge out of Weld County. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Advertisement Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Loveland house fire caused by cigarette of man who fell asleep while using oxygen Colorado has backed off plans for marijuana clubs Democrats pressure Trump to keep national monuments   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
null
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Cape May beach cam in New Jersey Kittens nap and play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Penguin cam at the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, Fla. Live look at the beach surf in Belmar, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping teen says they forgive him More "Daddy, no matter what you've done we just want you to come home." 1:38 | 04/13/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping teen says they forgive him Extradited ABC news exclusive hearing a story that is making national headlines tonight right here the wife and daughters of a Tennessee high school teacher. Accused of kidnapping his fifteen year old student. That teachers family now speaking out to our either pilgrim. His wife saying she never sought any reason dealt him his daughter's begging him tonight to return home. It's a one month to the day that fifteen year old Elizabeth Thomas disappeared after getting dropped off at a Tennessee restaurant. Her alleged kidnap her her teacher had Cummins now tonight his family speaking out in exclusive interview. I had no reason not to believe him. Anyone hears a mansion and with no problems. While we cannot believe in Atlanta where you arrived at the governor let you down and we just want to come home he needs someone acts. We're here for you no matter what he need time to me I definitely. The last time they were spotted two days after disappearing in Oklahoma City hundreds of miles from home. Surveillance cameras capturing defeat year old teacher and student ill Wal-Mart. Both now sporting new here colors his darker hearse now read and new tonight ABC news learning that comments left a note for his wife. What was in that meant. Food and that is really for a minute because of the investigation. Feel like accident his friends. Kevin's wife of 31 years now filing for divorce and now we learn commons uses blood pressure medication to authorities are telling pharmacies across the country. To be on alert for Cummins. He's expected to need a prescription refill soon either pilgrim ABC news Columbia Tennessee. This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. Now Playing: Wisconsin fugitive in custody after intense 10-day manhunt Now Playing: Terrifying calls for help from San Bernardino elementary school shooting Now Playing: Alleged sexual abuse scandal at elite Connecticut boarding school Choate Now Playing: Jury finds Aaron Hernandez not guilty of killing 2 people during a drive-by shooting in 2012 Now Playing: Retired Air Force mechanic fixes cars for the less fortunate for free Now Playing: Aftermath of tornado in Western Michigan Now Playing: Aaron Hernandez found not guilty in double murder case Now Playing: 'GMA' Hot List: Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student pleads for their safe return Now Playing: 911 calls of San Bernardino school shooting capture panic, fear Now Playing: Baby, mom and grandpa fight life-threatening illnesses at once Now Playing: 10-year-old boy helps save grandmother in house fire Now Playing: Fugitive who mailed manifesto to Trump captured in Wisconsin Now Playing: Dangerous fugitive who mailed manifesto to Trump captured in Wisconsin Now Playing: How to make almond crunch for Passover Now Playing: April 15, 2013: Boston Marathon bombing special report Now Playing: 24 people stranded on roller coaster in Maryland Now Playing: Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping student speaks out Now Playing: United Airlines passenger's daughter, attorney describe his injuries Now Playing: Wisconsin fugitive in custody after over weeklong manhunt Now Playing: Bellagio Hotel fire temporarily closes Las Vegas strip Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":46788242,"title":"Family of ex-teacher accused of kidnapping teen says they forgive him","duration":"1:38","description":"\"Daddy, no matter what you've done we just want you to come home.\" ","url":"/US/video/family-teacher-accused-kidnapping-teen-forgive-46788242","section":"US","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Il Tuo Account - Accedi Subito Segnala Blog Social Blog Redazione Blogorete Ultima Ora Zazoom Social News Che cosa è Chi Siamo Segnala Blog Entra in Zazoom Ascolta Radio Club91 Zazoom Social Blog Attualità Gossip Musica Politica Salute Scienza Spettacolo Tecnologia Web Notizie dalla Rete Turchia - voto per regime presidenzialeAfghanistan - 94 gli uccisi da superbombaAfghanistan - 92 gli uccisi da superbombaCorea del Nord: pronti a guerra totaleNord Corea festeggia fondatore StatoArkansas - giudice ferma iniezioni letaliLibia. Onu - rischi conflitti diffusiVia Crucis. Torino prega per i coptiTunisino trovato morto nel RagusanoIsis.Ucciso a Mosul vice di al BaghdadiScontro fra un autobus e un camion in Messico : 24 mortiAmici - Maria De Filippi : Non sara` Emma Marrone il nuovo coach dei ...Emanuele Maringola commenta la fine della storia di Claudio Sona e ...Michelle Hunziker non è incita ... parola di Tomaso TrussardiCon Google Areo cibo e idraulico a domicilioBomba moab Afghanistan : uccisi 36 miliziani IsisMafia: preso boss latitante Concetto BonaccorsiCorea del Nord prepara un nuovo test nucleareIsola dei famosi 2017 : Il vinvitore è Raz DeganFacebook: Più di un miliardo di persone usa Messenger New law on jails leaves out the word ' punishment' Liz Truss, the Justice Secretary, is putting into law for the first time a prisons mission ... Segnalato da : dailymail.co.uk Commenta New law on jails leaves out the word 'punishment' (Di giovedì 13 aprile 2017) Liz Truss, the Justice Secretary, is putting into law for the first time a prisons mission statement to 'make sure that it is crystal clear what the prison system exists to deliver'. La notizia completa su dailymail.co.uk United Passenger David Dao's Lawyers and Daughter Hold News Conference About Lawsuit (LIVE STREAM) : United Airlines and the City of Chicago are likely to hear they are About to be sued as David Dao's Lawyers take the mic at 10 AM CT to announce their intentions. In addition to the Lawyers, one of Dao's Daughters will also speak. Dao's lawyer, Tom… DOMINIC LAWSON : Trump's New gameshow : Celebrity President : DOMINIC LAWSON: Trump is impulsive, so much so that whatever he said yesterday is not the slightest use as a guide to what he might do tomorrow — which could easily be the opposite. The Walking Dead : A New Frontier - Episodio 3 : Above the Law : È bravo, intelligente ma non si applica. Una frase tanto cara ai professori di tutto il mondo, una frase che spesso denota del talento, delle conoscenze ma che allo stesso tempo rivela quanto sia frustrante vedere un così costante spreco di tutte queste capacità. Con Telltale Games questo è ormai diventato un tema ricorrente, una riflessione che avevamo già proposto nella nostra recensione di Batman: The Telltale Series e che inevitabilmente torna a farci visita anche in questo caso.Il debutto sotto forma di doppio Episodio di The Walking Dead: A New Frontier ci aveva dimostrato quanto fosse evidente il ritorno a casa dei ragazzi di Telltale Games. Il ritorno a quel brand che ha reso grande la software house californiana e che negli anni, nonostante alcuni passi falsi, non ha mai deluso, è stato una manna dal cielo. Duro, violento, spietato e in grado di dosare con efficacia i ritmi, le ... New 'Bachelorette' Rachel Lindsay Still Lawyering On Walmart Case : Before Rachel Lindsay becomes TV's first black 'Bachelorette' she needs to focus on her day job -- a lawyer who's actively defending big-time clients ... like Walmart. Sources at Rachel's firm in Texas tell us she's assisting on a pending… UN brings in New laws over booster seats : New rules on child car seats will confuse parents, experts warned last night. But a study by confused.com found just 13 percent of parents understand the rule change. MPs want New laws to stop dress codes - and payouts : The call from MPs on both Commons petitions and women and equalities committees follows the row last year over the case of Nicola Thorp (pictured), who was ordered to wear heels to work. Mostra altre notizie : New law on jails ... Live Video Breaking News Segui gli aggiornamenti e vedi gli ultimi video su : New law jails © Articolo pubblicato secondo le condizioni dell' Autore. Zazoom - Permalink Cerca Tag : New law jails leaves word punishment Di' la tua e commenta questo post! Top News Antonio Banderas in pubblico dopo l'infarto Scontro fra un autobus e un camion in Messico : ... Michael Bublé - il piccolo Noah sta meglio : ... Con Google Areo cibo e idraulico a domicilio Michelle Hunziker non è incita ... parola di ... Blogorete Todd Heap Accidentally Hits, Kills 3 ... Fiorentina-Empoli Info Streaming Live, ... Cagliari-Chievo Info Streaming Live, ... Genoa-Lazio Info Streaming Live, ... Palermo-Bologna Info Streaming Live, ... Pescara-Juventus Info Streaming Live, ... Roma-Atalanta Info Streaming Live, ... Torino-Crotone Info Streaming Live, ... Tweets Seguici in Rete Facebook Twitter Google RSS Feed Segui @zazoomblog Segui Zazoom sul tuo tablet o smartphone Zazoom Social News © 2011 - 2017 | Zazoom | Social Blog | Ultime Notizie | Radio Club 91 | Chi Siamo | Cosa è | Termini e Condizioni
Hot Topics: Aravind Elongovan found dead Witnesses sought in shooting Johnnie St. Vrain: Tables to Teacups Armed-robbery sentence News tips Amid fire recovery, Longmont's Safe Shelter asking for community's support By Amelia Arvesen Staff Writer Posted:   04/13/2017 04:30:52 PM MDT Updated:   04/13/2017 09:26:32 PM MDT Safe Shelter of St. Vrain Valley's Emergency Shelter is asking the community for donations to help replace what was destroyed by soot and smoke during a cooking fire April 2, according to a news release. Appliances and cabinets were burned and toxic particles destroyed the entire stock of refrigerated and dry goods, therapeutic toys, books and appliances among other items — enough to temporarily close the residential facility for women and their children fleeing domestic abuse. "The shelter is expected to reopen within the next two weeks after the extensive cleaning and painting has been completed," the release stated. The families at the 31-bed facility were temporarily housed at other shelters throughout the Front Range and Denver metro area, the release said. Transportation was set up so children could attend their current schools, the release also said. The Safe Shelter is requesting that anyone wanting to help should bring a check between 9 a.m. and 4:30 p.m. to the nonresidential facility at 82 21st Ave. in Longmont; mail a check to P.O. Box 231, Longmont 80502; or donate online at safeshelterofstvrain.org. Once reopened, the shelter will need frozen meat, chicken and gift cards to Walmart and Sam's Club. "While the property is covered by insurance, there will be significant losses and unforeseen expenses," the release stated. Advertisement Amelia Arvesen: 303-684-5212, arvesena@times-call.com or twitter.com/ameliaarvesen Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Longmont bike-share program nears official kickoff Longmont police seek witnesses to early morning drive-by shooting Boulder's Leave No Trace wants people to pick up trash   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker Second Story Garage SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Saturday, April 15, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets The hidden persuaders of the environmental elite by Ron Arnold | Aug 5, 2014, 6:49 PM Most of EGA's foundation members have similar million-dollar dirty little secrets, but their tax-exempt activist recipients are not morally conflicted by taking fossil fuel cash and keeping it a secret as long as it furthers their corrosive goals. (Photo: iStock) America’s environmental agenda is set by elite foundations that decide which activists get the money. And they form “affinity groups” to collude with President Obama’s bureaucracy, which funnels tax dollars to Democratic advocates to enforce that agenda. Meet the conservation cash cartel of the uber-rich: the Environmental Grantmakers Association, a veteran organization (founded 1985) of more than 200 ultra-wealthy foundations caught in the spotlight of a new 92-page report exposing Big Green wealth eating away America’s industrial strength. This is the same EGA that emerged during the Senate confirmation hearings for Rhea Sun Suh, the Interior Department’s new head of national parks and the Fish and Wildlife Service — a veteran EGA member who invited colleagues to come visit her any time. Suh once worked for the Packard Foundation on programs to block oil and gas production in the West. Ironically, Packard’s investment portfolio — the profits from which the foundation pays its anti-oil and gas grants — holds more than $350,000 in ExxonMobil shares, and millions in dozens of other lesser-known fossil fuel securities. Most of EGA’s foundation members have similar million-dollar dirty little secrets, but their tax-exempt activist recipients are not morally conflicted by taking fossil fuel cash and keeping it a secret as long as it furthers their corrosive goals. The convoluted ethics that Greenpeace, for example, concocts in order to show how its oil-soaked funding — when exposed — is purified by the intent of the giver are classic unintentional self-parody. The new report is titled “The Chain of Environmental Command: How a Club of Billionaires and Their Foundations Control the Environmental Movement and Obama’s EPA,” and was produced by the Republican staff of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee under the direction of Sen. David Vitter of Louisiana, the committee's ranking minority member. Its executive summary states, “an elite group of left-wing millionaires and billionaires, which this report refers to as the 'Billionaire’s Club,' directs and controls the far-left environmental movement, which in turn controls major policy decisions and lobbies on behalf of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency.” Having researched that topic for decades, I was impressed by the scope and detail of the oversight team’s work, and asked Vitter how he felt about it. “This report really gets to the core of tracking the money and exposing the collusion," Vitter told me. "The complicated, layered system is intended to create a lack of transparency. There is an unbelievable amount of money behind the environmental movement and far too much collusion between far-left environmental groups and the Obama EPA." The collusion is like something out of a bad spy movie. Vitter’s oversight team uncovered a June 2009 deal in which the Rockefeller Family Fund offered then-EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson to pay for a plant inside the President’s Council on Environmental Quality to “stake the EPA’s claim there,” and then slip the shill into a pre-arranged EPA job, giving the agency a White House insider on staff — and, not coincidentally, tightening the Rockefeller power grip over the EPA. Jackson wrote her chief of staff Diane Thompson, “I think it’s a fine idea and can only help EPA in the long run” — using her fake Richard Windsor email account – and Thompson replied, “My thoughts exactly. The more inside connections the better.” The Rockefeller shill was Shalini Vajjhala, who agreed to leave her minor position at Resources for the Future, a Washington think tank, for a two-month stint at the CEQ (with the pretentious title of "deputy associate director for energy and climate"). Then the EPA slipped her in as deputy assistant administrator of the Office of International & Tribal Affairs. Vajjhala remained until her 2011 appointment as EPA’s special representative leading a presidential U.S.-Brazil initiative. After Vajjhala cycled through the White House and EPA, she got her personal reward in 2012: approval to found and manage a new investment portfolio supported by the Rockefeller Foundation (the original 1913 John D. Rockefeller philanthropy, not the fourth generation’s Family Fund — there are many Rockefeller tentacles). Vajjhala now contributes to the Huffington Post, funded in part by the Park Foundation. EGA foundations are metastasizing into hundreds of far-left funds. The report drills into the Sea Change Foundation, “a private California foundation, which relies on funding from undisclosed donors and funnels tens of millions of dollars to other foundations and prominent environmental activists who strive to control both policy and politics.” There is an incredible seedbed of Sea Change front groups: Bill Gates’ foundation gave Sea Change Capital Partners $2.5 million; eBay’s Omidyar Network Fund gave the same partners $2 million; David Rockefeller’s personal foundation gave to the Center for Sea Change. Walmart’s foundation gave $500,000 to Strategies for the Global Foundation Sea Change, an international tentacle into the White House. But it’s not just the environment. The Crime Prevention Research Center, a nonprofit that tracks gun control activists, reported, "On January 8th, 2013, the Obama Administration met with 23 large foundations to organize a push for national gun control. They included such organizations as the Open Society Institute, the McCormick Foundation, the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation” and the MacArthur Foundation. Foundations appear to be colluding with almost every department of the Obama administration. And it’s not just the Big Green donors. It’s time for Congress to hear testimony from a sampling of manipulative foundation program directors and investment managers explaining themselves to those whose lives they influence. RON ARNOLD, a Washington Examiner columnist, is executive vice president of the Center for the Defense of Free Enterprise. Rhea Suh Transparency Energy and Environment Columnists Ron Arnold Opinion Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 7 hours ago NRA taps Trump to speak at annual gathering 7 hours ago Scott Garrett, Trump's pick for Ex-Im president, has history of opposing the bank 10 hours ago Edward Snowden: Latest NSA leak is 'not a drill' 11 hours ago Bad idea: Trump White House will hide its visitor logs 11 hours ago Easter is for all of us 12 hours ago Samuel L. Jackson lends voice to 'Stop Donald Trump' in Georgia special election 13 hours ago US commander didn't ask permission to drop 'the Mother of All Bombs' 13 hours ago Trump celebrates Passover: The Jewish people 'raised up the face of humankind' 14 hours ago Arizona legislature acts to curb rash of disability lawsuit abuse 17 hours ago Getting ready: Pentagon to protect electric grid from massive attack 18 hours ago 11 times Trump flipped 21 hours ago Russia is watching us. Good! 1 day ago Nobody should vote their 'economic interests' 1 day ago Border agents find $17M of cocaine in single bust near Puerto Rico 1 day ago 'The first protest in space' takes aim at Trump 1 day ago Raytheon's war lobbyist, Ed Rogers, thrives in the opinion pages of the Washington Post About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
Saturday, April 15, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Pro-Sanders union switches to Clinton by Sean Higgins | Jul 11, 2016, 10:42 AM "We know that elections are about choices. The contrast between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, couldn't be greater," the union said. (AP Photo/Charlie Neibergall, File) The Communications Workers of America, the largest union to back Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the Democratic presidential primary, announced Monday that it was now officially backing presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton. In its announcement, CWA said the prospect of Republican candidate Donald Trump winning the White House prompted it to switch. "We know that elections are about choices. The contrast between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican nominee, couldn't be greater. ... Hillary Clinton is thoughtful and experienced. Donald Trump is reckless, unthinking and much more likely to cut a deal with his billionaire colleagues than look out for working families," the announcement said. CWA was one of the most outspoken unions calling for a more radical candidate, and announced in December it was backing Sanders. "He's the candidate who can do it, and we are going to help him. When CWA endorses a candidate it is just the beginning. Our 700,000 members are fired up, and we are going to work overtime to elect Bernie Sanders as the next President of the United States," the group said then. Clinton said she was honored to have the endorsement. "As president, I will always stand with the CWA to protect workers' fundamental rights to organize, to bargain collectively, to be safe on the job, and to retire with dignity and security after years of hard work. I was proud to join the CWA on the picket line this year as they stood up to Verizon and fought for a fair deal," she said. Clinton also reiterated her opposition to the Trans-Pacific Partnership, a 12-nation trade deal that the Obama administration negotiated. As Obama's secretary of state, Clinton had been involved in the agreement, but she opposed it last year after unions cited it as one of their top issues for the 2016 election. "Any trade deal must meet three tests to earn my support: It must create good American jobs, raise wages, and advance our national security. I do not believe that the Trans-Pacific Partnership meets this high standard. That's why I oppose the TPP — and that means before and after the election," she said. Clinton has long had a rocky relationship with the union movement. She is a former board member of Walmart, which organized labor despises for its opposition to collective bargaining. Her husband Bill Clinton signed the North American Free Trade Agreement in 1993, which many unions blame for job losses. When Clinton and Sanders met last year with the executive board of the AFL-CIO, the nation's largest labor federation, the board declined to endorse either candidate. The AFL-CIO did eventually endorse Clinton in June, well after it was clear she would be the Democratic nominee. Bernie Sanders Endorsements Campaigns 2016 Elections Hillary Clinton Labor Labor unions Sean Higgins Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 10 hours ago Spicer reports to Pentagon for Navy Reserve duty 5 hours ago Trump's Export-Import Bank reversal leaves conservatives dumbfounded 11 hours ago The Islamic State's new weapon 12 hours ago Judicial Watch wants ethics probe widened to Democrats 13 hours ago Trump will not release White House visitor logs 15 hours ago Some Notre Dame students think Mike Pence 'demeans' their 'humanity' 8 hours ago Myths vs. facts on employer-sponsored healthcare coverage 16 hours ago Beware the unintended consequences of raising the legal vaping age 16 hours ago Dozens of US troops deploy to Somalia 17 hours ago Trump finally refocuses on Obamacare overhaul 18 hours ago 11 times Trump flipped 1 day ago Ivanka Trump accepts Angela Merkel's invitation to speak at women's empowerment event 1 day ago Commerce's Ross on trade: 'The games are over' 1 day ago Retailers start new attack against GOP border-adjusted tax 1 day ago Sheriff Arpaio's lawyers want Jeff Sessions to testify at trial 1 day ago Secret Service fires two agents over White House security breach: report About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
Botulism Botulism Blog Campylobacter About CampylobacterCampylobacter Blog E. coli About E. coliAbout Hemolytic Uremic SyndromeE. coli BlogE. coli Lawsuits & Litigation Hepatitis A About Hepatitis AHepatitis A BlogHepatitis A Lawsuits & Litigation Listeria About ListeriaListeria Blog Norovirus About Norovirus Salmonella About SalmonellaSalmonella BlogSalmonella Lawsuits & Litigation Shigella About ShigellaShigella Blog Complications of Foodborne Illness Guillain-Barre SyndromeHemolytic Uremic SyndromeIrritable Bowel SyndromeReactive Arthritis General Foodborne Illness Information Foodborneillness.comOutbreak Database See Also Bill Marler's BlogFair SafetyFood Safety NewsGoogle+Marler ClarkReal Raw Milk Facts Phone: 1-866-770-2032 Email Bill Marler Subscribe to Food Poison Journal Follow Bill Marler on Twitter Food Poisoning Resources Food Poison Journal Food Poisoning Outbreaks and Litigation: Surveillance and Analysis Home About About the Authors Services Topics Food Poisoning Resources Food Poisoning Information Food Poisoning Watch Foodborne Illness Outbreaks Food Policy & Regulation Food Recall Archives Contact Presented By Marler Clark The nation’s foremost law firm with a practice dedicated to representing victims of foodborne illness Home > Foodborne Illness Outbreaks > Salmonella in Cole County Missouri Salmonella in Cole County Missouri Posted By Anthony Marangon on April 14, 2017 ABC17 News reports that a number of confirmed and suspected cases of Salmonella have been seen in Cole County this week. Cole County Health Department Director Kristi Campbell told ABC17 News the department has not pinpointed a source of the salmonella contamination. Other sources tell ABC17 News that the number of people affected is approaching 2 dozen. The Centers for Disease Control says that most people infected have symptoms of diarrhea, fever and stomach cramps within 12 to 72 hours after infection. The illness lasts 4 to 7 days and most people recover without treatment but in some the diarrhea may be severe enough hospitalization is needed due in large part to dehydration concerns. Salmonella:  Marler Clark, The Food Safety Law Firm, is the nation’s leading law firm representing victims of Salmonella outbreaks. The Salmonella lawyers of Marler Clark have represented thousands of victims of Salmonella and other foodborne illness outbreaks and have recovered over $600 million for clients.  Marler Clark is the only law firm in the nation with a practice focused exclusively on foodborne illness litigation.  Our Salmonella lawyers have litigated Salmonella cases stemming from outbreaks traced to a variety of foods, such as cantaloupe, tomatoes, ground turkey, salami, sprouts, cereal, peanut butter, and food served in restaurants.  The law firm has brought Salmonella lawsuits against such companies as Cargill, ConAgra, Peanut Corporation of America, Sheetz, Taco Bell, Subway and Wal-Mart. If you or a family member became ill with a Salmonella infection, including Reactive Arthritis or Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS), after consuming food and you’re interested in pursuing a legal claim, contact the Marler Clark Salmonella attorneys for a free case evaluation. Tags: Salmonella Attorney, Salmonella Lawyer Print Like Tweet LinkedIn Email Subscribe to Food Poison Journal Common Foodborne Pathogens Botulism Campylobacter E. coli Hepatitis A Listeria Norovirus Salmonella Shigella See MoreFewer Clostridium Perfringens Cronobacter sakazakii Cryptosporidium MRSA Article Spotlight Food Poison Journal Authors Drew Falkenstein Attorney Drew Falkenstein received his Bachelor of Arts degree in political science from the University of Washington in 1999 and his Juris Doctor degree in 2002 from Seattle University School of Law, where he graduated with honors. READ MORE Bill Marler Attorney Bill Marler is an accomplished personal injury lawyer and national expert on foodborne illness litigation. He began representing victims of food-borne illness in 1993, when he represented the most severely injured survivor of the Jack in the Box E. coli outbreak. Read More Bruce Clark Attorney In 1993, Bruce Clark became involved in foodborne illness litigation as an attorney for Jack in the Box restaurants in its E. coli O157:H7 personal injury litigation. The Jack in the Box litigation spanned more than four years and involved more than 100 lawsuits in four states. READ MORE Patti Waller Epidemiologist Patti Waller joined Marler Clark law firm in 2003 after working for twelve years in the Communicable Disease Program at the Washington State Department of Health. At the health department, Patti investigated food and water borne illnesses and outbreaks. READ MORE Common Foodborne Pathogens Botulism Campylobacter E. coli Hepatitis A Listeria Norovirus Salmonella Shigella See MoreFewer Clostridium Perfringens Cronobacter sakazakii Cryptosporidium MRSA Food Poison Journal Archives Services About the Authors About Home Marler Clark The Food Safety Law Firm 1012 First Avenue, Fifth Floor Seattle WA 98104-1008 1-866-770-2032 OFFICE HOURS: M-F, 8:30 am - 5:00 pm, Pacific Salmonella About SalmonellaSalmonella BlogSalmonella Lawsuits & Litigation Shigella About ShigellaShigella Blog Complications of Foodborne Illness Guillain-Barre SyndromeHemolytic Uremic SyndromeIrritable Bowel SyndromeReactive Arthritis General Foodborne Illness Information Foodborneillness.comOutbreak Database See Also Bill Marler's BlogFair SafetyFood Safety NewsGoogle+Marler ClarkReal Raw Milk Facts Botulism Botulism Blog Campylobacter About CampylobacterCampylobacter Blog E. coli About E. coliAbout Hemolytic Uremic SyndromeE. coli BlogE. coli Lawsuits & Litigation Hepatitis A About Hepatitis AHepatitis A BlogHepatitis A Lawsuits & Litigation Listeria About ListeriaListeria Blog Norovirus About Norovirus Copyright © 2017, Marler Clark, LLP. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Disclaimer Design & Support By Lexblog
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Help & Contact Information Send Feedback Advertise Careers On Air Hosts Schedule John McKay Northwest Ag Report Listen Live Listen Live Mobile App VIPS Win $1,000 Cash! Win Stuff Join Now! Contest Rules SailAway Saturday Local Experts Accounting Auto Care Batteries, Screen Repair + Bulbs Dental Heating & Air Home & Flooring Insurance Kids Dentistry Landscaping Painting Services Weather Mountain Pass Cams Events Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube What’s Hot: Win Cash! Weather Report Insane Inflatable 5k SCHOOL DELAYS Seize the Deal More Local News Win Great Prizes Gift Cards Shoplifter Flees Police, Hides Under Cable Bridge, All Over Malt Liquor By John McKay April 14, 2017 12:52 PM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Suspect ran, eluded police, and hid under Cable Bridge just for this (Kennewick police) Shortly before noon Kennewick police were called to the Metro Mart at 520 E. Columbia Drive about a shoplifting report. Maybe NOT that huge a crime, until you consider what lengths the suspect took to get away, and get his malt liquor. After a search of the area, based upon where the suspect was last seen heading towards, police found 33-year-old Aaron Curn. He was UNDERNEATH the south approach to the Cable Bridge, and was busy guzzling his Hurricane Malt Liquor. Or as the police said, “he was busy consuming the evidence.”  No word if he was able to finish. He’s now in custody, charged with shoplifting. Hope it was nice and cold! He could have just picked up  at Walmart, they sell it too. The rest of his contraband is displayed on the hood of the patrol car. Filed Under: beer | cable bridge | runs | suspect | theft Category: crime | Tri-Cities News | Weird News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of Newstalk 870 2017 Easter Egg Hunt List for the Tri-Cities Shoplifter Flees Police, Hides Under Cable Bridge, All Over Malt Liquor Fantastic Restaurants Near Richland You May Not Have Heard Of Assault Arrest Finds Loaded Gun in House With Children Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live On Air Free Talk Live – The Talk Radio Insurrection! M-F midnight-3am Wall| Posts| Email Call in (509) 547-8726 Meet the DJ John McKay See More Newstalk 870 on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: Play the Million Dollar Bracket Challenge Local winner gets a 55-inch TV, 60 points or more wins $10k and a perfect bracket wins $1M Enter Now Top Stories 2017 Easter Egg Hunt List for the Tri-Cities Shoplifter Flees Police, Hides Under Cable Bridge,... Fantastic Restaurants Near Richland You May Not... Assault Arrest Finds Loaded Gun in House With Children Over 100 New Jobs Headed to the Pendleton Area! It’s Official: We Spend More on Easter Candy Than... $25 Certificate to Emerald of Siam Buy This Deal Now Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Tri-Cities Business Listings Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to Newsmembers It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://newstalk870.am using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Newsmembers (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up for Newsmembers Register Now Sign up for Newsmembers quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Newsmembers brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive Newsmembers contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook Newsmembers brought to you by: 870 AM KFLD Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost Quora, Contributor A place to share knowledge and better understand the world. The Internet of Things is Creating Technological Scaling Challenges 04/14/2017 11:11 am ET DigitalVision Vectors/Getty Images How will the IoT (Internet of Things) impact the telecommunications industry? originally appeared on Quora: the place to gain and share knowledge, empowering people to learn from others and better understand the world. Answer by Shane Greenstein, on Quora: Regarding the Internet of Things' impact on the telecommunications industry, you have to understand what we can do today to understand what we would like to do tomorrow. First of all, let’s consider up to the year 2020. Even in this short span we should expect to see new applications placing pressure on scale, reliability, and security of the applications. That will press telecommunications operators and equipment providers to the edges of what they can do. The vast majority of IoT applications (so far) involve industrial applications with low bandwidth, light censors, widely dispersed networks, and minimal reliability. For example, it is very common for logistics company to record progress of a package along a path. How do they do that? With inexpensive readers that send simple signals, placed along the path, automatically recorded by servers at headquarters, alert to simple warning signs of danger, which an operator can investigate. And there are gazillions of these censors, so if one fails, another can take its place. This has become common in shipping, trucking, rail and warehousing, not to mention oil and gas networks, and inside of retailing firms with large logistical operations, such as Walmart, Amazon, and P&G. These type of applications are capable of large scale deployments, involving more censors dispersed over large geographic distances. That also tells you where the challenges will lie, and how it will impact the telecom industry. Acquiring and managing a rather large and geographically dispersed IP network is not beyond human capability today, as long as it contains a few fail-safes if something breaks. But… Reliability. While 100% reliability beats 99%, and 99% is good most of the time, 99% is frightening in many applications. Sure, it is easy to design a pace maker or blood pressure monitor with modern wireless IoT wireless capabilities, but nobody thinks 99% is acceptable in every location and under every circumstance. This hold back many valuable applications unless (or until) firms find ways to address it. Security. While lax security is not a problem for boxes of razor blades shipped across the country, that is not acceptable for something like an autonomous vehicle. If you don’t think so, I can show you scores of rogue programmers just waiting to hold your automobile for ransom. Again, this will hold back many valuable applications. Privacy protection. While privacy rules pose few issues for the temperature gauges on an oil pipeline, not so for devices that read activity at home. For example, just recently a vibrator company got in trouble for sending a little too much data back to the company that designed the product. It is funny, but symptomatic of a much bigger issue. System design. Real time integration of massive data is already feasible, but those types of applications have many potential points of failure. After all, the integration of Waze with Google Maps already integrates huge numbers of low-bandwidth signals into an application that many can access. It may be irritating when it is inaccurate, but you can survive without it if the network goes down. But there lies the rub. Nobody is suggesting we integrate airplane traffic with digital weather data, and have the computers do all the routing and land the aircraft. We still need humans because the systems are flawed. To be sure, there are some things we can improve. Just to be clear, each of these frontier issues — in reliability, privacy, security, and systems — requires great engineering in the networks, the devices and in the software. However, each of these requires more than mere engineering solutions. Law and management have key roles to play. Many frontier applications require some cooperation across firms — in the writing of protocols for regular procedures, in the legal norms for liability in the event of failure, and in the design of systems to assign boundaries of responsibility and avoid cascades of failure, to name just a few general problems. Back to the main question: How will the future of IoT impact telecom companies? They need to have teams of lawyers, engineers and MBAs design processes, platforms, and protocols for making applications work across firm boundaries. That is challenging for any organization, big or small, and it certainly will challenge telecom firms too. The big firms will offer turn-key solutions, as usual, and, as usual, buyers will resist “all-in-one-firm” solutions, and ask to mix-and-match from a variety of best-of-breed providers. Sound familiar? Tech has lived with these sorts of challenges for decades, and here we go again. If you want to learn more, it can be super interesting to look at specific applications. This question originally appeared on Quora - the place to gain and share knowledge, empowering people to learn from others and better understand the world. You can follow Quora on Twitter, Facebook, and Google+. More questions: Internet of Things: Is there any open source software for IoT (internet of things)? Telecommunications: How much would the global economy benefit if Wi-Fi were free and available everywhere? Technology: What are some of the cleverest inventions and ideas ever? CONVERSATIONS This post is hosted on the Huffington Post's Contributor platform. Contributors control their own work and post freely to our site. If you need to flag this entry as abusive, send us an email. Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL Start your workday the right way with the news that matters most. Learn more Newsletter 9.31 M 77.6 K 476 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat The Internet of Things is Creating Technological Scaling Challenges NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 15, 2:38 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Easter Sales 2017: Shop Amazon, Walmart, Target And Gap Best Deals For Holiday Weekend By Alexandra Suarez @alex_n_suarez On 04/14/17 AT 2:59 PM Close The Easter holiday is far more of a shoppers' weekend than many might think. It coincides with spring sales and seasonal turnover for retailers, but it can be a big spending holiday, from the candy to the Easter apparel purchases. The National Retail Federation estimated that consumers were expected to spend a record amount for 2017—about $18.4 billion—from its annual Easter survey, which was released last month.  Read: Tips For How To Boil The Perfect Easter Eggs Without Cracking Them Perhaps unsurprisingly, the NRF survey concluded that the top Easter purchase was candy, which accounted for almost 89 percent of planned purchases. Food ranked second with 87 percent of expected purchases and gifts for loved ones with about 61 percent. Most of the gift shopping was expected to take place in either discount stores or department stores – which is where a handy in-store or flash sale could really come in handy. There are several sales, deals and discount codes to investigate from DealsPlus and Offers.com ahead of Easter Sunday. -Amazon: The e-commerce giant is offering up to 40 percent off select toys, up to 50 percent off of Easter kids’ clothing, Easter gifts and baskets from $12 and up to 25 percent off Easter candy. -Kohl’s: Kohl’s is offering up to 50 percent off for its Easter Sales plus an extra 15 percent off when shoppers use the code BUYQUICK. -Target: The discount store is offering $5 off Easter items like candy, baskets and decorations when you spend $25, through Saturday. -Gap: The clothing store is offering up to 60 percent off its spring sales product. -Macy’s: Macy’s will let shoppers take anywhere from 25 to 60 percent off its entire site for a limited time; footwear fans can also score one pair of shoes for 25 percent off, plus an extra 30 percent off of two pairs or 40 percent off of three pairs (or more) of shoes when shoppers use the code GREAT through Sunday. -Aeropostale: The retailer is offering 60 percent off of everything through April 19. Free shipping will be provided for purchases of $87 or more. -Kmart: Kmart has marked up to 40 percent off of Easter and spring décor, Easter tableware and kitchen textiles. It’s also offering an extra 15 percent off fine jewelry and up to 50 percent off of Easter and plush baskets. -Walmart: The megastore features kids’ Easter outfits for as low as the price of $7. -Neiman Marcus: Shoppers can expect $50 off regular-priced purchase items that are $200 or more when they use the code INC50 through Sunday. -Saks Off Fifth: Expect 25 percent off clearance items when you use the code THISISBIG through Sunday. In addition, there's an extra 15 percent off handbags and footwear when using the code 48HOURS.  Related Stories 10 Easy DIY Easter Decoration Projects Easter Bunny History, Facts And Myths 2017 Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business United Fallout Blamed On Airline's Hasty Response When they had passenger David Dao forcibly removed from a flight, staff at United Airlines apparently forgot two golden rules of marketing. Technology ‘Asura’ First Patch Released Here’s what “Asura’s” first patch does to the indie top-down hack ‘n’ slash game. World NASA's Journey To Mars Still Faces Significant Hurdles The space agency's first two SLS and Orion missions are facing "multiple cost and technical challenges," the Office of Inspector General warned in a new audit report. National The Craters On Mars House Lakebeds, Gullies The HiRISE instrument aboard NASA’s Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter has been capturing images of the Martian surface since 2006. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Submit Nomination Executive Circle Awards Diversity in Business Long Island Business News The premier source of Long Island news and data on business, economic trends and the region’s robust entrepreneurial sector. News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Event Sponsorship Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Reader Rankings Subscribe Manage Account News Economy Education Energy Finance Government Healthcare Law Nonprofit Opinion Real Estate Small Business Technology Transportation Video Events Events Directory Events Calendar Events Photo Gallery Event Sponsorship Lists Lists Back Issues Advertising Rates Digital Marketing Reprints Classifieds Calendar Networking Events Editorial Calendar E-edition Digital Edition Digital Edition Archives Special Publications Public Notice E-alerts Reader Rankings Home / News / Economy / Reese’s up, Peeps down as Easter faves Get our free LIBN e-alerts & breaking news notifications! Reese’s up, Peeps down as Easter faves By: Tori Trotta April 14, 2017 0 It’s no surprise that candy is the most popular Easter purchase. But surprisingly, Peeps, the familiar chick-shaped marshmallow treats, are the least desired Easter candy this season, with Reese’s Peanut Butter Eggs being the most popular, according to a new survey from Pollfish. Following Reese’s Eggs; M&M’s, jelly beans, and the Hershey’s chocolate bunny ranked highest as favorites for Easter shoppers, the survey from Pollfish found. Other popular purchases for the holiday are plastic eggs, baskets, stuffed animals, and other toys. Pollfish says that 90 percent of shoppers prefer to do their Easter shopping in-person, as opposed to online.  The most popular stores for basket fillers and other Easter gifts are Wal-Mart, Walgreen’s, Target and local grocery stores. The average shopper spends less than $25 on Easter gifts, according to the survey.   Share this: Email Print LinkedIn Facebook Twitter Google Easter shopping Reese's Eggs Wal-Mart 10:34 am Fri, April 14, 2017 Long Island Business News Tori Trotta Tagged with: Easter shopping Reese's Eggs Wal-Mart Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores April 12, 2017 With job announcements, firms appear to seek Trump approval January 18, 2017 Wal-Mart to eliminate 1,500 back-office jobs at US stores June 16, 2016 Wal-Mart to give pay raises to most of its workers January 20, 2016 Wal-Mart says it won’t be beat on price October 29, 2015 Wal-Mart opens counter offensive against Amazon this week July 13, 2015 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Our best, right now. Gertler: Big Apple Circus proves bankruptcy isn’t all bad by Commentary | Apr. 14 Can't pay your taxes? Here are 6 ways to cope by The Associated Press | Apr. 14 On Our Island: Nonprofit highlights of the week by LIBN Staff | Apr. 14 Most LIers prefer to shop at independent garden centers by Jenna Macri | Apr. 14 Paul Simon's oceanfront home in danger of slip sliding away by The Associated Press | Apr. 14 Movers & Shakers Habitat for Humanity adds two to board Chief administrative officer of Family of FREE Network named Crohn’s & Colitis Foundation adds six to board Sustainable Long Island promotes two Digital Edition The look and feel of print, on your screen. Current edition Subscribe now Special Publications Access the latest Special Publication Subscribe now LIBN on Flickr Follow Us Subscribe To RSS Feed 16,927 Followers 2,660 Fans The Poll What do you think is the best way to cut wedding costs? Get married on a nontraditional day (like Thursday) Limiting the guest list Picking the cheapest venue Limiting extras (favors, centerpieces, etc.) Cash bar Elope! View Results  Loading ... Tweets by LIBN My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Gertler: Big Apple Circus proves bankruptcy isn’t all bad Can’t pay your taxes? Here are 6 ways to cope On Our Island: Nonprofit highlights of the week Most LIers prefer to shop at independent garden centers Paul Simon’s oceanfront home in danger of slip sliding away Priciest home sales in Glen Cove LIBN ABOUT CONTACT US EVENTS REPRINTS ADVERTISE Copyright © 2017 Long Island Business News | 2150 Smithtown Avenue, Suite 7, Ronkonkoma, NY 11779 a mile south of the Long Island Expressway at exit 60 x Check Also Facebook now worth more than Wal-Mart on stock market The social network knocked the retailer out of the top 10 list of the highest-valued companies in the Standard & Poor's 500 index. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Whole Foods desperately needs to solve major customer problem One of Whole Foods Markets' biggest hurdles is attracting more customers. Major capital investments in building Whole Foods Market stores — and the expense of staffing and maintaining them — have not done much to grow the chain's share of devoted shoppers  (Luke Sharrett / Bloomberg file photo)   By Sarah HalzackThe Washington Post Fri., April 14, 2017 Whole Foods Market has known for some time that it is a business in need of course correction. But its imperative to do so may have gotten more urgent this week, after an activist investor and some affiliates disclosed a nearly 9-per-cent stake in the company and urged it, in a regulatory filing, to explore dramatic moves to stage a turnaround, including possibly putting itself up for sale. Jana Partners, the investor, encouraged the organic grocery chain to do a top-to-bottom re-evaluation of its strategies and practices. Jana said it hoped to have discussions with Whole Foods management about everything from its real estate portfolio to customer analytics to inventory management and labour scheduling. Read more: Whole Foods’ Canadian expansion plans slowed Whole Foods shutters stores after sales slumped Article Continued Below Whole Foods accused of routinely overcharging It remains to be seen which of those steps Whole Foods will take and whether any of them will make a difference. In a statement, the grocer said: “Whole Foods Market welcomes investment in the Company and is open to the views and opinions of all of our shareholders. We value constructive dialogue toward our shared goals of creating shareholder value, successfully executing on our strategic priorities and taking actions that will position the Company for continued success.” One thing, though, seems hard to ignore: Jana has a point. The retailer saw a 2.5-per-cent decline in comparable sales last year, a measure of sales at stores open at least a year. Its forecast for 2017 isn’t too cheery, either; the company predicts it will deliver comparable sales of “-2.5 per cent or better.” That’s a concerning pattern for a chain that has every reason to be successful in this moment, in which shoppers are gravitating toward healthy food, and when an increasing share of the grocery industry’s sales are coming from the fresh items such as produce and meat that Whole Foods built its reputation on. Whole Foods’ challenges are wide-ranging, but one of its biggest hurdles is attracting more customers. According to data from Kantar Retail’s ShopperScape survey, the organic grocer had a 7-per-cent penetration rate back in 2009 when it had some 273 stores. In other words, 7 per cent of respondents in Kantar’s customer survey said they shopped at Whole Foods on a monthly basis. Since then, the chain has been on a breakneck march to open more stores, its fleet now numbering more than 430 locations. So, what is its market penetration now, with all those added stores? Just 8 per cent, according to Kantar. It’s practically unchanged. That means its major capital investments in building those stores — and the ongoing expense of staffing and maintaining them — have not done much to grow its share of devoted shoppers. Diane Sheehan, a grocery industry analyst with Kantar, said this might, in part, reflect the fact that Whole Foods stores are sometimes clustered close together. For example, she pointed to the suburbs of Chicago, where the chain has three stores in a four-mile range. That means those stores probably are not expanding the base of Whole Foods shoppers; they’re just fighting among themselves for the same crowd. Across the wider retail business, talk abounds of being “overstored,” the industry’s term for having too many stores. Whole Foods doesn’t have that problem, exactly, but it has its own version of it. It is overstored in certain neighbourhoods. Meanwhile, as Whole Foods aggressively courts millennials with in-store wine bars and date-night cooking classes, Kantar’s research finds that it has lost some generation X and baby-boomer shoppers over the past five years. “They are leaking tons of shoppers in those non-core demographic groups,” Sheehan said. Leaning so hard on millennials may have long-term benefits, but for now, Whole Foods is missing out on sales due to its weakened resonance with older consumers. Where are those shoppers going? Likely to one of the competitors that has elbowed into the organics business. Simple Truth, the U.S. private-label organics line from Kroger, delivered an eye-popping $1.7 billion in sales last year, surely snatching some spending away from Whole Foods. Walmart and others are also ramping up their offerings in the category. And many shoppers prefer that these outlets allow them to get organic and conventional groceries in one place. They can get their grass-fed beef and Coca-Cola in one trip, for example, or they can get their cage-free eggs without having to shell out for natural, unbleached paper towels. All of these problems suggest it’s going to be tough for Whole Foods to find avenues for growth in the immediate future. Jana Partners has had a couple of recent successes urging change at major companies: In February, it pushed drugmaker Bristol-Myers Squibb and luxury retailer Tiffany & Co. to shake up their boards of directors. However Jana’s pressure on the grocer plays out, this much is clear: The cultural phenomenon that Whole Foods was essential in creating is poised to leave the chain behind. It’s up to its leaders to make sure that doesn’t happen. Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 9°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Pure-looking Easter lilies once had saucy connotations: Day We think of these flowers as virginal, but the Victorians — not to mention the ancient Greeks and Romans — considered them anything but innocent. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Delta aims to avoid United fiasco with $9,950 offer to overbooked Two top officials in Mpls. Mayor Betsy Hodges' campaign resign Five new cases of measles confirmed in Hennepin County Grief strong in west-central Minn. community after teen's death in crash North Korea rolls out missiles, other weaponry at parade Good Friday abortion vigil matched with counterprotest Another bolt from the Blues: Late goal puts Wild in 0-2 hole vs. St. Louis Twins lose series opener to White Sox on soggy night at Target Field Small-town Minnesota mayor resigns amid claims of hiding millions State Fair's 'Original' cheese curds stand closing after 42 years After less than 2 years on job, UCare CEO is jumping to HealthPartners next Books 418559443 REVIEW: 'No One Is Coming to Save Us' by Stephanie Powell Watts REVIEW: A man who has made his fortune returns to his North Carolina hometown to chase an elusive dream of love. Sound familiar? It is, and isn't.  By Pamela Miller Star Tribune April 14, 2017 — 6:29am Bob Watts Stephanie Powell Watts. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Many a novelist has used Homer’s “Odyssey” as the template for a sweeping story. Stephanie Powell Watts does something far more audacious and imaginative in her debut novel, “No One Is Coming to Save Us” — employing “The Great Gatsby” as the model for a melancholy love story set among African-Americans in an economically struggling little town in North Carolina. And it works. Watts’ novel, although far from perfect, would stand on its own even without that inspiration, but knowing what she’s doing lends extra depth to some of her story’s more startling plot twists. It’s a brilliant, timely idea — demonstrating that a quintessentially American classic is just as effective with a largely black cast. JJ Ferguson, who has been raised among violence and indifference in the mythical town of Pinewood, N.C., returns years after moving away, now wealthy as the result of mysterious real estate dealings. High on a hill above town, he’s building a grand house for himself — and for Ava, his long-ago high school sweetheart, who is now married to the faithless Henry. Ava, stubborn and ethereal, is obsessed with bearing a child, but is disappointed by miscarriage after miscarriage. When JJ shows up to court her, Henry’s infidelity is revealed and the novel becomes tense with possibilities, none of them inviting. The story is largely told through the sensibilities of Ava’s mother, Sylvia, a portly, loving, anxious woman who has weathered her own share of heartbreak. “People get folded up in the creases of their lives,” Watts writes, and man, is that ever so. There are a number of equally vivid minor characters, some of whom have shadow twins in “Gatsby,” some of whom don’t. There are other loose parallels to the classic — a dangerous body of water and a fatal crash, for instance. The premise and plot are so clever that one forgives the novel’s main flaw — the sort of loosey-goosey writing one often sees in works by young writers. Watts’ characters’ dialogue is quite well done — so much so that we blanch with irritation at the paragraph or two of psychological explanation that seems to follow almost every conversation. Most of what Watts tells us in those passages we could figure out on our own from the characters’ words and actions. “No One Is Coming to Save Us,” by Stephanie Powell Watts There are also pages of beautiful writing, as in the chapter where Ava, pushing a shopping cart with a clunky wheel, runs into her husband’s lover in a Wal-Mart and realizes that the woman’s little boy looks exactly like her husband. Watts, a native of rural North Carolina who teaches English at Lehigh University in Bethlehem, Pa., has done something marvelous here, demonstrating that the truths illuminated in a classic American novel are just as powerful for black Americans. Here’s hoping that her next novel is a story entirely her own.  Pamela Miller is a Star Tribune night metro editor. Nobody is Coming to Save Us By: Stephanie Powell Watts Publisher: Ecco, 371 pages, $26.99 pmiller@startribune.com 612-673-4290 View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Another bolt from the Blues: Late goal puts Wild in 0-2 hole vs. St. Louis No sympathy here for that airline passenger Mpls. Muslims protest 'sharia' vigilante in Cedar-Riverside area Mpls. council candidates want 6th Ward caucus results tossed Two top officials in Mpls. Mayor Betsy Hodges' campaign resign REVIEW: 'His Bloody Project,' by Graeme Macrae Burnet Best of the week: KDWB's Jingle Ball, 'The Crucible,' Stevie Nicks, 'The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time,' more History Theatre's 'Orphan Train' carries a sad cargo to a place of hope Reviews: 'Inhabited,' by Charlie Quimby, and, 'A House Without Windows,' by Nadia Hashimi Music and memory, as Zelda recalls life with F. Scott Fitzgerald More From Variety Variety 3 minutes ago Utah judge at rape sentencing: Ex-Mormon bishop a 'good man' A woman says she is shocked by a Utah judge's comments in which he called a former Mormon bishop convicted of sexually assaulting her a "good man" during his sentencing hearing. National 18 minutes ago Guest lineups for the Sunday news shows Guest lineups for the Sunday TV news shows: National 21 minutes ago At Easter, Trump has yet to find a church home in DC Washington churches have long welcomed presidents to their pews. Bill Clinton frequented a Methodist church, Jimmy Carter taught Baptist Sunday school and Barack Obama visited an Episcopal church near the White House. National 28 minutes ago Army taps reservists with cyber skills to fight IS militants A decade ago, he was a young Army soldier training Iraqi troops when he noticed their primitive filing system: handwritten notes threaded with different colors of yarn, stacked in piles. For organization's sake, he built them a simple computer database. Variety 38 minutes ago Arkansas' multiple execution plan in limbo after rulings Arkansas' push to resume executions after nearly 12 years with an already compromised plan to put eight men to death over 11 days is in limbo after a judge blocked the use of a lethal injection drug a supplier says officials misleadingly obtained and the state's highest court halted the execution of one of the first inmates who had been scheduled to die. Top Stories Delta aims to avoid United fiasco with $9,950 offer to overbooked Apr. 14 Two top officials in Mpls. Mayor Betsy Hodges' campaign resign Apr. 14 Five new cases of measles confirmed in Hennepin County Apr. 14 Most Read Review: 'Killers of the Flower Moon,' by David Grann • Books Obituary: Philip Dacey, 77, was a prolific poet and an inspired teacher • Books REVIEW: 'Elizabeth Bishop: A Miracle for Breakfast,' by Megan Marshall • Books REVIEW: 'The Impossible Fairy Tale,' by Han Yujoo, translated by Janet Hong • Books REVIEW: 'The Evangelicals: The Struggle to Shape America,' by Frances FitzGerald • Books Taste New Twin Cities game bars put fun (and craft beers) on tap A vegan croissant? It's happening, in Minneapolis, on April 21 Home & Garden Master Gardener got a hands-on education in her Woodbury garden Orange is the new kitchen, with perks for cooks and pets The Good Life Are you lonesome? How Minnesota seniors are combating social isolation 'Trapped' at home during elevator repair, Edina woman got creative, and 'peaceful' Celebrities Carew opens up about organ transplant; donor is a former NFL player Glen Campbell's last studio album to be released in June Weekly feature Streetscapes Each Saturday, Star Tribune writers showcase Minnesota architecture. special feature Beautiful Gardens of the Twin Cities From October to April, we bring you into one Beautiful Garden a month. Movies Luke Skywalker returns in first trailer for 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' 'Fast' fans get more of the same with 'Fate of the Furious' Music You don't have to be rich! Your guide to Prince anniversary events in Minnesota 'A very hip place': Why top jazz musicians love living in Twin Cities Travel St. Marks Place — three famous, hip blocks of New York City Know your rights as a passenger — and brace for overbooked summer flights TV & Media Comic Jackie Kashian took a very long road from Minneapolis to national success Carew opens up about organ transplant; donor is a former NFL player Stage & Arts There's no stopping 'Wicked' as it opens a monthlong run in Minneapolis What's hiding behind that door at the Walker? 275 films at your fingertips special feature Advice Looking for some advice on love, family, life? Here are tips from the Star Tribune's experts. Books Review: 'Killers of the Flower Moon,' by David Grann Review: 'Janesville: An American Story,' by Amy Goldstein Eat & Drink Dim sum saves the day at North Loop's new Chinese restaurant A vegan croissant? It's happening, in Minneapolis, on April 21 Giving Back Gala benefits put the fun in fundraising Choose your own (giving) adventure StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions April 14, 2017 57° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Sunshine and a few afternoon clouds. High near 85F. Winds E at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. Low around 60F. Winds light and variable. Updated: April 14, 2017 @ 5:53 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Events Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Close Derik Holtmann In this March 15, 2017 photo, Noa Grace Welborn holds her own Build A Bears at her home in Belleville, Ill. At Noa's request, her father set up a GoFundMe page so she could make Build-A-Bears for other children. Noa and the doners from the GoFundMe effort, raised enough money to make 33 teddy bears for the Belleville Police Department to distribute them to scared children in troubling situations. (Derik Holtmann/Belleville News-Democrat, via AP) AP EXCHANGE: Girl donates teddy bears destined for scared kids By MARY COOLEY News-Democrat Apr 14, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago (…) Derik Holtmann In this March 15, 2017 photo, Noa Grace Welborn holds her own Build A Bears at her home in Belleville, Ill. At Noa's request, her father set up a GoFundMe page so she could make Build-A-Bears for other children. Noa and the doners from the GoFundMe effort, raised enough money to make 33 teddy bears for the Belleville Police Department to distribute them to scared children in troubling situations. (Derik Holtmann/Belleville News-Democrat, via AP) BELLEVILLE, Ill. (AP) — The Belleville Police Department has 33 teddy bears to give to scared children because a little girl was inspired by a book found at a yard sale. "Especially kids that have lost something special or someone special, they need a bear," says Noa Grace Welborn, 7, of Belleville. So she pestered her parents into helping. Dad Travis set up a GoFundMe page so she could make Build-A-Bears for other children. "She wanted to do it for a billion; we set it at a thousand" dollars, said Travis, who set up the page called "Bears because I care" on Jan. 27. It raised $550, mostly in donations from friends and family, by early March. Her mom, Kate Welborn, said she has "about a million" books from a series called "Value Tales" by Ann Donegan Johnson, and the one that inspired the bear drive was the story of Elizabeth Fry, who worked to reform women's prisons in the early 1800s. On March 15, the founder of Build-A-Bear, Maxine Clark, matched the donations with $550 of her own. Clark thanks Noa Grace on the page "for all the hugs you have created." After reaching the initial goal, the Welborns increased the goal to $10,000. They'll be contacting other area police departments for the next batch of bears. That first $550 allowed Noa Grace to head to the Build-A-Bear Workshop store in Fairview Heights and start stuffing. Those bears are now at the Belleville Police Department, says Master Sergeant Chris Mattingly, and are spread between investigations and the main desk. The bears arrived with Noa Grace on March 9; none have found new homes yet. "She was quite the impressive young lady," Mattingly said of Noa Grace. He said the police have given out stuffed animals to children before, but it has been about 10 years. He remembers that past children were "very grateful" for the stuffed animals. He remembers one child, younger than 10 years old, who was "scared and cold and grabbed the bear. Kind of swallowed up under the blanket." It's kids like that who Noa Grace wants to comfort. "They're going to think they're really blessed," she said of the children who will get the bears. "And they'll be upset they didn't get them sooner." "I put a wish on the hearts," the second grader said, and kissed each red heart before it was placed into the bear with just the right amount of stuffing. She named each bear as well, adding their names to the birth certificates the bears have in their boxes. Matilda, Lucy, Riley, Carson, Henry, Leonardo and Patrick are among the names she's picked. "She's keeping the list, so she never repeats a name," said her mom, Kate Welborn. The 33 bears that went to Belleville Police are blonde and brown, "because they costed (sic) less money, the people said," Noa Grace says. Her own bears, Sassy and Serina, are purple and blonde. "So many cuddlies!" Noa Grace exclaimed happily. The Welborn family does have another bear at home, ready to go to Texas. "I'm going to give it to my cousin. Her brother just died," she said. "I named it after Levi." Her mom said Levi "was a little fighter" and died at 2 years old. Kate Welborn said Noa Grace came up with the idea about a year ago, all on her own. "Of course she's brought up at church, and at school they're always talking about things" to do for others, she said, but the family had not previously done such charitable acts. Travis said they tried to persuade Noa Grace to go to Walmart for the bears, in order to get more. "She wasn't having it," he said. "She knows what kids like," Kate said. Noa Grace says she hadn't told many of her friends at school, St. Teresa Catholic School in Belleville, but "nobody in my school really believes me." "Don't worry about what people say you can't do," Travis said. Noa Grace has a sister, Ari, 5, and a brother, Ryder, 2. She says her sister wants to donate dolls to the fire department but is too shy to say so herself. "So you're a positive influence on your sister," Kate said. "In one way." ___ Source: Belleville News-Democrat, http://bit.ly/2mW3Wly ___ This story has been corrected to indicate that the matching donation was made March 15, not Wednesday. ___ Information from: Belleville News-Democrat, http://www.bnd.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Individual Giving Philanthropy Social Affairs Police Law Enforcement Agencies Government And Politics Locations Belleville Illinois United States North America Popular Two dead in Ozark wreck Three seriously injured in North Eufaula Avenue accident Solomon, Mary Jane Mills Remains of Marine killed during WWII being returned to Ashford One dead, one sought after fatal Ozark home invasion robbery Migraine sufferers turn to daith piercings for relief Jury rules against City of Dothan in $55,000 fence dispute That snake is not your friend Missing WWII Marine's remains arrive in Dothan UPDATE: One driver still critical after Friday wreck in Eufaula Featured Businesses Action Buick Gmc 211 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-8505 McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Our New Baby 3119 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-677-2229 Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Contests The Miracle Worker Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Former UC Berkeley law school dean settles suit with accuser Bay Area political events: Feinstein town hall Reddick gets lively reception in return to Oakland SF Zoo’s only polar bear dies at 36 News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Utah judge at rape sentencing: Ex-Mormon bishop a 'good man' Afghan official: Massive US bomb death toll rises to 94 Trump White House drops policy of identifying visitors Q&A: How federal law unmasks foreign influence on US policy Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Emotional night for Giants: Crawford, Marrero hit homers Graveman leaves early as A’s fall to Astros DeLaet, Donald share lead after 2 rounds at RBC Heritage Buster Posey’s return: Tuesday’s realistic Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Scorpion stings passenger on United flight California tells Uber it’s sloppy about ditching drunken Report: Secret Uber program 'Hell' spied on Lyft drivers Teachers cash in, big time, by putting lessons up for sale A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Monterey Pop 50th anniversary concert lineup announced The latest from Dear Abby A view of life and death, ‘Truman’ is a thing of beauty No riches from TheatreWorks’ ‘Rags’ Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Hall in Mid-Market to close late Sept Chef turns down interview for Ivanka Trump site with strongly Pal’s Takeaway to celebrate ninth anniversary with guest chef Favorite dishes from Commis, China Live, Finn Town and more Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Where to see the Bay Area's wildflowers The Santa Cruz garden that launched a movement Look up! Don't miss this week's 'Pink Moon' Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips The Santa Cruz garden that launched a movement Blossoms burst out to brighten hikers’ paths One Day, One Place: Exploring region shaped by fire Where to flock for Lake County’s feathered fauna Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Reimagined Eichler south of Mitchell Park in Palo Modern masterwork in Corona Heights Homes prices in more affordable S.F. neighborhoods continue to Registered landmark Queen Anne with gorgeous period Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Infiniti Q60 Red Sport a racy, versatile performer Showboating Mustang crashes after leaving Lambo dealership Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work How can I make my career dream a reality? How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Finding a good mentor is one of the best career strategies Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/EXCHANGE-Girl-donates-teddy-bears-destined-for-11073023.php EXCHANGE: Girl donates teddy bears destined for scared kids Updated 3:05 am, Friday, April 14, 2017 Photo: Derik Holtmann, AP Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 In this March 15, 2017 photo, Noa Grace Welborn holds her own Build A Bears at her home in Belleville, Ill. At Noa's request, her father set up a GoFundMe page so she could make Build-A-Bears for other children. Noa and the doners from the GoFundMe effort, raised enough money to make 33 teddy bears for the Belleville Police Department to distribute them to scared children in troubling situations. (Derik Holtmann/Belleville News-Democrat, via AP) less In this March 15, 2017 photo, Noa Grace Welborn holds her own Build A Bears at her home in Belleville, Ill. At Noa's request, her father set up a GoFundMe page so she could make Build-A-Bears for other ... more Photo: Derik Holtmann, AP EXCHANGE: Girl donates teddy bears destined for scared kids 1 / 1 Back to Gallery BELLEVILLE, Ill. (AP) — The Belleville Police Department has 33 teddy bears to give to scared children because a little girl was inspired by a book found at a yard sale. "Especially kids that have lost something special or someone special, they need a bear," says Noa Grace Welborn, 7, of Belleville. So she pestered her parents into helping. Dad Travis set up a GoFundMe page so she could make Build-A-Bears for other children. "She wanted to do it for a billion; we set it at a thousand" dollars, said Travis, who set up the page called "Bears because I care" on Jan. 27. It raised $550, mostly in donations from friends and family, by early March. LATEST TRENDING VIDEOS: Story continues below Her mom, Kate Welborn, said she has "about a million" books from a series called "Value Tales" by Ann Donegan Johnson, and the one that inspired the bear drive was the story of Elizabeth Fry, who worked to reform women's prisons in the early 1800s. On March 15, the founder of Build-A-Bear, Maxine Clark, matched the donations with $550 of her own. Clark thanks Noa Grace on the page "for all the hugs you have created." After reaching the initial goal, the Welborns increased the goal to $10,000. They'll be contacting other area police departments for the next batch of bears. That first $550 allowed Noa Grace to head to the Build-A-Bear Workshop store in Fairview Heights and start stuffing. Those bears are now at the Belleville Police Department, says Master Sergeant Chris Mattingly, and are spread between investigations and the main desk. The bears arrived with Noa Grace on March 9; none have found new homes yet. "She was quite the impressive young lady," Mattingly said of Noa Grace. He said the police have given out stuffed animals to children before, but it has been about 10 years. He remembers that past children were "very grateful" for the stuffed animals. He remembers one child, younger than 10 years old, who was "scared and cold and grabbed the bear. Kind of swallowed up under the blanket." It's kids like that who Noa Grace wants to comfort. "They're going to think they're really blessed," she said of the children who will get the bears. "And they'll be upset they didn't get them sooner." "I put a wish on the hearts," the second grader said, and kissed each red heart before it was placed into the bear with just the right amount of stuffing. She named each bear as well, adding their names to the birth certificates the bears have in their boxes. Matilda, Lucy, Riley, Carson, Henry, Leonardo and Patrick are among the names she's picked. "She's keeping the list, so she never repeats a name," said her mom, Kate Welborn. The 33 bears that went to Belleville Police are blonde and brown, "because they costed (sic) less money, the people said," Noa Grace says. Her own bears, Sassy and Serina, are purple and blonde. "So many cuddlies!" Noa Grace exclaimed happily. The Welborn family does have another bear at home, ready to go to Texas. "I'm going to give it to my cousin. Her brother just died," she said. "I named it after Levi." Her mom said Levi "was a little fighter" and died at 2 years old. Kate Welborn said Noa Grace came up with the idea about a year ago, all on her own. "Of course she's brought up at church, and at school they're always talking about things" to do for others, she said, but the family had not previously done such charitable acts. Travis said they tried to persuade Noa Grace to go to Walmart for the bears, in order to get more. "She wasn't having it," he said. "She knows what kids like," Kate said. Noa Grace says she hadn't told many of her friends at school, St. Teresa Catholic School in Belleville, but "nobody in my school really believes me." "Don't worry about what people say you can't do," Travis said. Noa Grace has a sister, Ari, 5, and a brother, Ryder, 2. She says her sister wants to donate dolls to the fire department but is too shy to say so herself. "So you're a positive influence on your sister," Kate said. "In one way." ___ Source: Belleville News-Democrat, http://bit.ly/2mW3Wly ___ This story has been corrected to indicate that the matching donation was made March 15, not Wednesday. ___ Information from: Belleville News-Democrat, http://www.bnd.com This is an AP-Illinois Exchange story offered by the Belleville News-Democrat. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. THE TRUMP PRESIDENCY US prosecutors are geared to target border crossers Trump touts his flexibility as reversals from campaign grow Russia says evidence growing Syria chemical attack was staged Officials: No need for Trump's approval to use massive bomb Afghanistan says massive US bomb killed 36 militants Morford: Be not distracted by the 'Mother Of All Bombs' LATEST NEWS Former UC Berkeley law school dean settles suit with accuser Santa Cruz surfer rescues sea lion pup Folsom Chick-fil-A seeks stolen cow costumes Mysterious issue disrupts BART service in East Bay Giants beat Rockies: Marrero, Crawford hit homers SF zoo’s only polar bear dies at 36 SF clears street camp, angering homeless-aid officials Broken escalators, urine at BART’s newest station Tech CEO allegedly firing employees right before options vest Road clears in California for Apple self-driving car Report: Secret Uber program 'Hell' spied on Lyft drivers Uber's PR head resigns amid tumultuous time for company Chef turns down interview for Ivanka Trump site Gwyneth Paltrow wines and dines around San Francisco Monterey Pop 50th anniversary concert lineup announced SF's Easter weekend: A hunky Jesus contest and goats galore Empowering women: Female-run mosque to open in Berkeley UC Berkeley Republicans test limits again with Coulter speech TODAY'S TOP PICKS The Hall in Mid-Market to close late Sept Farmers’ market to close as Berkeley braces for pro-Trump rally Where are they now: Cast of the 'Sandlot' Most Popular 1 Tanium Roiled by Exits as Security Startup CEO Clashes With Team 2 Chef turns down interview for Ivanka Trump site with strongly... 3 The CEO of a $3.7 billion startup is allegedly firing... 4 SF clears street camp, angering city’s homeless-aid officials 5 Monterey Pop 50th anniversary concert lineup announced 6 Mysterious problem disrupts BART service in East Bay 7 SF Zoo’s only polar bear dies at 36 8 Giants’ Crawford out of lineup after sister-in-law’s death 9 Russia says evidence growing Syria chemical attack was staged 10 US eyes more border prosecutions in shift for California LATEST NEWS Former UC Berkeley law school dean settles suit with accuser Santa Cruz surfer rescues sea lion pup Folsom Chick-fil-A seeks stolen cow costumes Mysterious issue disrupts BART service in East Bay Giants beat Rockies: Marrero, Crawford hit homers SF zoo’s only polar bear dies at 36 SF clears street camp, angering homeless-aid officials Broken escalators, urine at BART’s newest station View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
검색 Politics Social Affairs Foreign Affairs Defense North Korea Sharing Science Diplomatic Circuit Education Environment Economy Finance Industry Technology Automode Management Culture Travel Fashion Food & Beverage Books People Expat Living Design Health Film Television Music Arts Hallyu Soccer Baseball Golf More Sports World News World Business Asia News Network Editorial Viewpoints Voice No US trading partners designated as currency manipulator The Korea Herald > Business > Industry [Weekender] Doing without humans High-tech, connected South Korea sees boom in unmanned services   Published : 2017-04-14 14:59 Updated : 2017-04-14 17:28 Lee Bom, 34, is one of a growing number of unmarried people in South Korea, and aside from her colleagues at work, she can go a full day without talking to anyone. Due to her long working hours, Lee orders all her groceries online. As she usually doesn’t get home until late at night, her items are delivered to Smile Box, an unmanned parcel pickup and return service. The box is installed at a GS25 convenience store near her house and is opened using a verification code on her smartphone. Lee enjoys the service that allows her to avoid uncomfortable encounters with parcel delivery workers, who are usually men. Unmanned services have expanded rapidly in South Korea in recent years, as Koreans seek for better convenience and less hassle, made available by high-technology. Machines that have long been replacing workers at manufacturing factories, are now replacing those at banks, convenience stores, laundromats and arcades as they are able to provide automated services without human help. Ebay Korea, the operator of the country’s leading online open markets Gmarket and Auction, has launched the Smile Box service in partnership with GS Retail at about 50 GS25 convenience stores in neighborhoods with large numbers of one-person households. “At first, it felt uneasy to order things to a public place, not my house,” Lee said. “I find the unmanned service more comfortable now, since I can avoid uncomfortable or unpleasant moments with deliverymen at my door.” According to a report by Electronics and Telecommunications Research Institute, as of 2015, there were about 26,396 convenience stores operating unmanned parcel boxes across the country in partnership with logistics companies. Sales of those parcel boxes jumped 10.5 percent over the past five years. Ebay Korea said it plans to install the parcel boxes at a maximum of 1,000 convenience stores this year, owing to positive reactions from consumers. One of primary causes of the increasing variety of unmanned services is the rising population that chooses to live and do things alone by avoiding unnecessary interactions with others. According to Statistics Korea’s annual census, about 5.2 million households, 27.7 percent of the total households in the country, were one-person as of 2015. Demographers forecast the percentage would surge to 34.4 percent by 2035. “Those who have been living alone for a long time tend to find encountering strangers very bothersome and stressful,” said Kwak Keum-joo, psychology professor at Seoul National University. “Rather than with other humans, they are more comfortable with computers and machines that exactly cater to their needs.” Another central reason for the recent unmanned phenomenon is tech advancement. So far, technology enabling unmanned services include near field communication, known NFC, and Bluetooth low energy, or BLE. SK Telecom has developed Smart Shopper, an unmanned purchase-payment system that is currently being tested at large retail chains and department stores. Doing without workers is a global phenomenon. E-commerce giant Amazon has recently introduced Amazon Go, calling it the most advanced shopping technology in the world. Consumers simply need to use the Amazon Go app and go to a store, scan a QR code, take the products they want and go. With the app, Amazon says, there are no lines and no checkout. The company charges the consumers’ Amazon accounts and sends them receipts. The checkout-free shopping uses the same technologies as self-driving cars, Amazon says: computer vision, sensor fusion, and deep learning. Amazon’s Just Walk Out Technology automatically detects when products are taken from or returned to the shelves and keeps track of them in a virtual cart. “Development of the Internet of Things, virtual reality, big data and artificial intelligence technologies in the upcoming fourth industrial revolution, will change the landscape of the retail and logistics industries fundamentally,” said Kim Suk-kyung, a researcher at Korea Institute for Industrial Economics and Trade. “Although the Korean retail industry is a bit behind of those of other countries, we are starting to see new types of shopping and logistics services that are heading toward true personalization.” As people get used to such advanced technologies, concerns exist that convenience from automated systems and unmanned services may kill human jobs and relations. US mega retailer Wal-mart launched Scan-and-Go, a mobile app similar to Amazon Go, last year, cutting about 7,000 cashier jobs at the same time. Advances in technology, such as self-service checkout stands in retail stores and increasing online sales could wipe out about 75 percent of the US’ 3.4 million cashiers, according to the US Bureau of Labor Statistics. “We will be living in a totally different world where people are better at communicating with machines and robots than humans,” Kwak said. “Rapid technological advances can bring us many advantages such as accuracy, speed and efficiency, while accompanying social problems such as blocking people-to-people communication.”  By Song Su-hyun (song@heraldcorp.com) 영어뉴스를 통한 ListeningㆍReading 실력 향상 단기 학습 프로그램 [NEST] 1. No US trading partners desig... 2. NK rolls out missiles, other... 3. Official candidate registrat... 4. NK stages massive military p... 5. N. Korea's army warns of 'to... 6. KDB, NPS struggle to find mi... 7. Conflict could break out at ... 8. Congress must have say in w... 9. US, Russia rewind and rerun... 10. Unsustainable pledges 1. Kim Jong-un orders evacuatio... 2. NK stages massive military p... 3. N. Korea's army warns of 'to... 4. NK leader observes special m... 5. Conflict could break out at ... 6. US ups pressure, NK resists 7. How likely is another Korea... 8. NK rolls out missiles, other... 9. Coldplay comes to Korea 10. Why United won’t lose alti... THE HERALD BUSINESS THE KOREA HERALD THE JUNIOR HERALD THE HERALD BUSINESS(USA) HERALD EDU HERALD ARCADEMY SEOUL/BUSAN/MOKPO/GEOJE ENGLISH VILLAGES DIGITAL HERALD HERALD ARTDAY HERALD ECOCHEM Herald Corporation | 주소: Huam-ro 4-gil 10, Yongsan-gu, Seoul, Korea | 제호: The Korea Herald | Online newspaper registration number: Seoul 아03711 Date of registration: 2015.04.28 | Publisher. Editor: Kwon Chung Won | Juvenile Protection Manager: Shin Chang Hoon | Tel : 02)727-0114
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 14 April 2017 by Military News Warrior Met Coal IPO: What Investors Need to Know The coal industry is in the news these days, not least because Donald Trump recently issued an executive order that appears to support the business. That, plus recent upswings in coal prices have fueled hope that the sector is set for a significant rebound. Justified or not, that optimism is providing an interesting opportunity for Warrior Met Coal to enter the public markets. The specialty producer is about to debut on the stock exchange following its IPO. Let’s crank up the furnace and see what’s cooking with the company. Image source: Warrier Met Coal. Walter becomes a Warrior Warrior Met Coal’s specialty is metallurgical (aka coking) coal, hence its name. Metallurgical coal is used to make coke, the carbon-rich raw material utilized in traditional steel production. The company is essentially the successor of the bankrupt Walter Energy; creditors effectively took control of its core assets to form Warrior Met Coal. As a result, entities associated with big investment managers own most of the present-day company. These include affiliates of Apollo Global Management , Blackstone , and KKR . Warrior Met Coal operates a pair of its predecessor’s mines. The two facilities, both located in Alabama, have a combined production capacity of around 7.3 million metric tons of met coal; total reserves are estimated at nearly 108 million metric tons. Warrior Met Coal also has an undeveloped mine with estimated reserves of roughly 103 million metric tons. As a side business, the company also extracts methane gas. As a young company (it was formed in 2015), Warrior Met Coal doesn’t have much operational history on its own. What it does provide indicates revenue of just under $298 million for the nine months ended Dec. 31, 2016, with a net loss of almost $50 million. The company’s predecessor, basically the assets it acquired from Walter Energy, booked revenue of almost $545 million and a bottom-line loss of nearly $311 million in 2015. This Fool’s take At first glance, now is a fine time to be in the met coal business. On the back of increased imports from China and a sudden, weather-related constriction in exports from the No. 1 met coal market, Australia, the price of the commodity has ballooned lately. Earlier this month it topped $300 per metric ton, more than three times its price at the same time last year. But the Australian slowdown is only a blip, and the Chinese market isn’t the bright shining future for Warrior Met Coal’s key product. Met coal is used in traditional steel making, i.e. in old-fashioned blast furnaces. These facilities are expensive to build, and once built they are costly to maintain and run. Meanwhile, the far less capital-intensive electric arc furnaces have been all the rage in the global steel industry for years now. On the production side EAFs don’t require coke at all for their operation; they use electricity to melt down scrap steel in order to make new product. The U.S. steel industry caught the EAF bug years ago. Recent data indicates that nearly two-thirds of American production derives from these facilities. Meanwhile, the last blast furnace built in the country was completed in the 1960s. A similar drive toward EAF production is playing out in Europe. Although there are still a great many blast furnaces in China, they’ll probably go the way of the Dodo bird too. In addition to their financial shortcomings, they produce an enormous amount of pollution compared to the average EAF. Since pollution is a major environmental issue in the country, EAFs are potentially a clever solution, while blast furnaces are an integral part of the problem. Blast furnaces, in short, are yesterday’s technology. The market has cottoned on to this. The upswing in met coal prices hasn’t been matched by improvement in the share prices of met coal stocks. Top met coal producer SunCoke Energy (NYSE: SXC)  and its master limited partnership SunCoke Energy Partners (NYSE: SXCP) are both down by around 20% so far this year. Peabody Energy  — which recently emerged from bankruptcy after being crushed by debt, itself a very worrying development — has fallen by 17% since returning to the stock market. SunCoke Energy (plus, by extension, SunCoke Partners), and Peabody Energy are veterans in the met coal space. If investors can’t get excited about them in the face of a price spike, I doubt they’ll be overly bullish on Warrior Met Coal. The details Just under 16.7 million shares of Warrior Met Coal will go on the market, with the IPO price ranging from $17 to $19 per share. The company will be listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol HCC. The first day of trading is scheduled for this Thursday, April 13. It’s important to note that the company will not gain any proceeds from the offering; instead, its selling shareholders (chiefly the Apollo Global, Blackstone, and KKR affiliates) will reap those monies. The issue’s underwriting syndicate is led by Credit Suisse , Citigroup , and Morgan Stanley . 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. Eric Volkman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Honda Silicon Valley Lab Takes on Global Role as New Company: Honda R&D Innovations, Inc. (Honda Innovations) Next PostNext 3D Mobile Devices World Industry 2017 Product Type, Application And Specification And Forecast To 2021. Search Recent Posts Controller Area Network (CAN) Market Analysis, Recent Trends and Regional Growth Forecast by Types and Applications 2017 Injection Valves Market Cost Analysis, Revenue and Gross Margin Analysis with its important Types and Application 2017 Magnetoresistive Sensors Market Overview, Growth Analysis and Regional Demand & Development Forecast Report from 2017-2022 Machine Tools Market Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Latest Trends by Leading Regions, and Manufacturers from 2017 to 2022 Brazed Plate Heat Exchangers Market Size, Share, Trends Analysis and Growth Forecast by Type and Application from 2017-2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
