Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Photo Galleries Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Calendar Educator of the Week Lottery Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 67° F Broken Clouds Hi: 82° F Lo: 62° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Photo Galleries Featured: AMBER Alert for Elizabeth Thomas Latest Headlines La Vergne police search for 3 in 2 separate Walmart cases April 19, 2017 Police in La Vergne are searching for three people wanted in two separate cases involving Walmart. Fundraiser aims to help survivors of deadly Henry County fire April 19, 2017 After a deadly fire earlier this month killed 5 members of the Pollack family, Henry County is doing their part to help the survivors. Wanted man surrenders after barricading himself in North Nashville home Updated: 8 mins ago Natural cemetery will double as nature preserve in Sumner County April 19, 2017 Nashville businesses show Preds fever during playoff run April 19, 2017 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 67° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 67° F Wind: S 5 Humidity: 84% Dewpoint: 62° F Sunrise: 6:07 AM Sunset: 7:23 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Latest Headlines Nashville businesses show Preds fever during playoff run April 19, 2017 Along with many other businesses, Jackalope Brewing Company has been hanging “Stand With Us” banners outside in support of the Predators. Predators reward fans’ loyalty with 1st shot to buy tickets April 19, 2017 The Nashville Predators take on the Blackhawks in Game 4 Thursday night at the Bridgestone Arena. Predators pro shop offers all kinds of apparel to show Smashville pride April 19, 2017 Star QB Tom Brady to miss NFL champs’ visit to White House April 19, 2017 Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez hangs himself in his prison cell April 19, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Calendar Educator of the Week Lottery Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 67° F Broken Clouds Hi: 82° F Lo: 62° F La Vergne police search for 3 in 2 separate Walmart cases WKRN web staff Published: April 19, 2017, 11:08 pm Updated: April 19, 2017, 11:08 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: WKRN) LA VERGNE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Police in La Vergne are searching for three people wanted in two separate cases involving Walmart. See photos below the story. In the first case, two men are accused of passing a large amount of counterfeit money at the business. Police say they were seen leaving in a silver or light-colored SUV. In the second case, a woman’s identity is wanted so she can be questioned in numerous fraud cases in Middle Tennessee at Walmart. She was seen leaving the area in a dark colored SUV. Anyone with information should contact Detective Hudgens at 615-287-8748 or 615-793-7744. La Vergne Walmart cases View as list View as gallery Open Gallery (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) La Vergne Walmart cases x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department)         Latest Galleries La Vergne Walmart cases Preds Pro Shop Apparel 10 things you may not know about ‘The Ten Commandments’ Vigil for Rob Westmoreland Cocaine, heroin bust in Nashville Murfreesboro officer-involved shooting Shadow McClaine’s memorial Shooting at Ficosa factory Music City Pawn Shop Gallery Aimee McCray Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Man wanted in connection with thefts at La Vergne Walmart Man injured during La Vergne home invasion Man wanted for stealing credit card during Kentucky funeral Family of Tad Cummins asks him to come home Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Thursday, April 20, 2017 Opinion What you need to know for 04/20/2017 Union students, faculty rally for ‘dignity and respect’ for immigrants10:15 PM‘I heard vrrrrmmmm, BAM, SPLASH’10:13 PMSouth Koreans feeling cheated after U.S. carrier miscue9:53 PMFox News dismisses O'Reilly over claims of harassment9:50 PMDe Blasio backs plan to lift base price of pack of cigarettes to $139:23 PM Down to Business: Amazon hulking over retail landscape Down to Business: Amazon hulking over retail landscape 'When elephants dance, mice get trampled' Marlene Kennedy | April 19, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Amazon already has bookstores in a handful of cities. Photographer: Shutterstock Retailers, take note: There’s a new bogeyman in town and it isn’t Wal-Mart. In fact, even Wal-Mart is scrambling to stay apace of the ultimate behemoth, Amazon. That’s according to Ken Ouimet, CEO and founder of Engage3, a California-based provider of retail analytics, who offered advice on a webinar this month on the price wars breaking out in some markets. “We see a much more fiercely competitive environment,” Ouimet answered when asked to describe current marketplace conditions. He noted that Amazon, which developed online for two decades, now has a nationwide network of “very modern,” drone- and robot-enhanced distribution centers, and over the next few years could be rolling out a couple thousand brick-and-mortar stores easily supplied by them. Amazon already has bookstores in a handful of cities and is experimenting with technology to create quick-trip, no-checkout-line “Go” stores. The company’s known desire to become a bigger player in food sales also has stoked recent rumors of interest in Whole Foods and BJ’s Wholesale Club. With physical stores, Amazon will be “a new competitor for retailers,” says Ouimet. That will come in large part from Amazon’s “sophisticated, dynamic pricing” — flexible prices influenced by supply and demand. “Retailers are going to find themselves competing with a competitor that can react within 90 seconds . . . to a price change,” he said. In contrast, most retailers use “very manual processes” that won’t accommodate a price change for three months. “We’re talking about a totally different game coming right within the next two years,” Ouimet said. Wal-Mart already has taken note and moved to dynamic pricing online, he said, particularly for grocery items. His slides cited a news report in February that Wal-Mart planned to make product comparisons in 11 states in the Midwest and Southeast aimed at closing price gaps with supermarket deep-discounter Aldi, which Ouimet said has been using its private-label brands to make inroads into Wal-Mart’s low-price edge in food sales. For a retailer like Wal-Mart, with a deeply ingrained philosophy of everyday low prices, the move to dynamic pricing signifies that “something important has happened,” according to Ouimet. Borrowing a slogan from Wal-Mart, he urged retailers on the webinar to remember that “When elephants dance, mice get trampled,” and offered them a five-step battle plan for not getting crushed. Included in the advice: Look for ways to fly under the radar of competitors and strike hard and fast where they don’t see opportunities. That could mean offering “personalized” promotions to shoppers based on their purchasing history, or using micro-pricing zones to undercut a competitor’s particular store.  Ouimet’s ultimate message to retailers, though, was this: “If you find yourself in a price war, it’s too late.” Instead, he counseled them to prepare beforehand to be ready when the battle comes — and it will come. “The race is on,” he said. Marlene Kennedy is a freelance columnist. Opinions expressed in her column are her own and not necessarily the newspaper’s. Reach her at marlenejkennedy@gmail.com. View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Niskayuna's Eastern Mountain Sports on closure list There's gems (and duds) in state budget for business leaders Amazon said to pay $50 million to stream NFL Thursday games SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content '170 Years of Photography' on exhibit 1:00 AM Jukebox: Wilson bringing ‘Pet Sounds' to Palace 1:00 AM ‘I heard vrrrrmmmm, BAM, SPLASH’ 10:13 PM Foss: Emma Willard report troubling, all-too familiar 9:01 PM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in Opinion Editorial: Give Don Birch his Way Schenectady will be hurt by Trump's budget Plenty of blame in Nicholaus collapse Hatred for the press is not a new concept “Free” tuition plan only helps select few The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
Thursday, April 20th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: FREE LISTEN: Youngstown musician cuts Prince... Cops fear juvenile escapee may try to harm h... 10:55 p.m. Wed Task force commander retiring, sheriff revam... 10:55 p.m. Wed Reaction to CEO's schools reorganization pla... 10:55 p.m. Wed 4 Valley lawyers facing discipline by state ... 10:55 p.m. Wed Cleanup of Packard Electric site for reuse t... 10:55 p.m. Wed 2 downtown Youngstown streets set for improv... 9:55 p.m. Wed all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman | Print Tweet Published: Wed, April 19, 2017 @ 7:23 p.m. A summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman townships: POLAND April 12 Theft: A woman discovered about $24,000 worth of jewelry missing from her Olde Winter Trail home. Theft: A Youngstown-Pittsburgh Road man noticed two 18-inch chain saws and a 6-foot antique candle holder worth $10,000 were missing. April 14 Trespassing: A New Castle Road man reported someone had trespassed on his property. April 16 Animal complaint: Police received a complaint of barking dogs at a residence in the 2400 block of Manor Avenue. BOARDMAN April 12 Arrest: Authorities were dispatched to St. Elizabeth Youngstown Hospital to pick up Gregory S. Johnson, 30, of Stillson Place, Boardman, who was wanted on warrants charging aggravated robbery, assault on a police officer, obstructing official business and resisting arrest. A short time earlier, police had responded to a vehicular accident near Glenwood Avenue and, while trying to administer aid, Johnson fought with, injured and bit an officer’s leg, a report showed. Theft: Two women reportedly stole a back brace and four sets of memory cards from Walmart, 1300 Doral Drive. Harassment: A Fox Run Court man said a woman has been sending him text messages that are belittling, degrading and slanderous in nature regarding their divorce. Arrest: Police on Crestline Avenue took into custody Michael R. Guerrera of Marinthiana Avenue, Boardman. Guerrera, 59, was wanted on a Belmont County warrant charging failure to appear in court. Drugs: Authorities charged Michael J. Forgash, 41, of Wildwood Drive, Boardman, with two felony counts of drug possession, one felony count of permitting drug abuse and one misdemeanor count each of possession of drug-abuse instruments and drug paraphernalia. The charges were the result of a search warrant for Forgash’s residence, where, police alleged, several hypodermic needles, a suspected crack-cocaine pipe and a digital scale with drug residue, along with bags of suspected heroin, crack cocaine and marijuana, were found. Assault: A woman alleged that after having invited her landlord to her Sheridan Road apartment to pick up her rent check, he grabbed her head and touched her in unwanted and inappropriate ways. Domestic violence: Joseph J. Mihaly III, who listed Struthers addresses on Judith Lane and Perry Street, was charged with domestic violence and obstructing official business after a woman alleged that while at a South Avenue discount store, Mihaly had punched her several times during an argument related to stolen medication. Also taken into custody was Lacey A. Livermore, 26, of Carlisle Avenue, Youngstown, who was wanted on a warrant. April 13 Aggravated menacing: A Struthers man alleged that during an argument with another driver stopped at the Western Reserve Road exit off Interstate 680, the motorist had pointed a gun at him. The other driver told police the Struthers man was behind him at the light, got out and pounded on the accuser’s door, causing him to fear for his safety, at which time he showed the firearm. Criminal damaging: A piece of concrete was used to smash a vehicle’s rear windshield in the 4100 block of Glenwood Avenue. Domestic violence: Francisco A. Luciano, 18, of Glendale Avenue, Boardman, was taken into custody on a warrant after a woman alleged that while in a Boardman-Canfield Road restaurant’s parking lot, Luciano had struck her face, grabbed the accuser’s hair and tossed her to the ground during an argument about their child. Theft: A Youngstown woman reported her wallet missing after having ridden a Western Reserve Transit Authority bus near Glenwood Avenue and U.S. Route 224. A bus surveillance camera showed a woman in her 70s taking and concealing the victim’s property, a report stated. Theft: A woman reportedly stole $40 worth of children’s merchandise from Walmart. Unauthorized use of a vehicle: A Stadler Avenue woman said her former boyfriend has failed to return her grandmother’s 2007 Mercury Mariner vehicle. Criminal damaging: A township woman told authorities that while driving on West Western Reserve Road, a motorist traveling in the opposite direction tossed a cup of liquid, which broke her driver’s-side door mirror. Assaults: A Boardman woman and a man each reported having been assaulted by the other at a Market Street gas station, apparently during a dispute regarding the way the man had parked his car. Trespassing: After responding to a report of an unwanted person at Walmart, officers charged Heath G. Shiflett of Seventh Street, Struthers, with criminal trespassing. Shiflett, 27, was at the big-box store in violation of a criminal-trespassing warning he had been given during a previous shoplifting situation, police said. Theft: Authorities charged Latoya K.M. Broadus, 40, with stealing three dresses and a shirt from Kohl’s, 383 Boardman-Poland Road. Broadus, of Murray Avenue, Campbell, also was wanted on a probation-violation charge from Liberty Township. Impersonation: A Girard woman reported that soon after having left her job at a Boardman-Poland Road restaurant, a man in a four-door white Chevrolet with flashing red and blue lights on its dashboard tricked her into pulling over near Pinewood Drive and Route 224. The woman got away after seeing that the man was wearing blue jeans and no police uniform, a report said. Theft: Two women reportedly took seven packages of steaks valued at $200 from Giant Eagle, 476 Boardman-Canfield Road. Breaking and entering: Candis S. Wynn, 30, of Lucretia Avenue, Girard, was charged with breaking and entering and vandalism after someone had entered Washing Well Laundry, 7170 West Blvd. Surveillance footage showed Wynn rummaging through papers in an office area; also, a battery, laundry detergent and numerous other missing items were found in her car, a report stated. Theft: Sherry K. Davis, 23, of Park Avenue, Youngstown; Na’Tyjisha D. McCall, 20, of Oregon Avenue, Youngstown; and a 17-year-old city girl were charged, accused of stealing 14 DVDs, a bottle of wine, assorted Easter candy, three articles of clothing and a cellphone case from Walmart. April 14 Breaking and entering: Someone broke into Tire Pad, 4730 Southern Blvd., before a hole was discovered in a wooded garage door. Twenty catalytic converters and a scanner were removed, for a damage and loss estimate of slightly more than $7,000. Theft: A 16-year-old Lisbon girl was accused of stealing $89 worth of property, including a bracelet set, from Target, 417 Boardman-Poland Road. Theft: Jennifer L. Phelps, 38, of Fourth Street, Struthers, was charged in the theft of $84 worth of merchandise that included a decal, from Walmart. Theft: Two women reportedly stole eight packages of steaks worth $233 from Giant Eagle, 476 Boardman-Canfield Road. Breaking and entering: Someone broke into a garage in the 10 block of Beechwood Drive, then removed a 12-horsepower chain-drive garage-door opener and $450 worth of miscellaneous hardware items. April 15 Arrest: Police arrested Lucinda F. Zecher, 42, who listed addresses on Market Street in Boardman and Sixth Street in Campbell. Zecher was wanted on two second-degree misdemeanor warrants charging one count each of animal cruelty and animal abandonment. Pursuit/drug paraphernalia: The driver of a pickup truck reportedly led officers on a slow-speed pursuit into Youngstown after having refused to pull over for a traffic stop on Market Street and before striking an East Judson Avenue home on the city’s South Side. The man then fled on foot, leaving a suspected crack-cocaine pipe and several other pieces of contraband in the truck, a report showed. Domestic violence: Austintown police handed to township authorities Jedediah J. Hill, 32, of Brookfield Avenue, Boardman, who was wanted on one count each of domestic violence and making domestic-violence threats. Hill’s wife alleged he had shoved her into a wall, which may have exacerbated a prior shoulder injury she suffered; he also made several calls that included a threat to kill the accuser, she further alleged. Robbery: A Youngstown man reported that after having been dropped off at Southern Park Mall, a man wearing a black mask, a hood over his head and a blue hooded sweatshirt, and who had a deep, raspy voice, held him at gunpoint and demanded the victim’s money and shoes. Theft: A $100 spool of cable wire was taken from a work van in the 4000 block of South Avenue. Theft: Vincent J. Carosella, 54, of Hunter Street, Austintown, was charged with taking a wireless headset, two energy drinks and a set of earbud headphones from Walmart. Theft: Felicia I. Wallace, 44, was charged after $290 worth of men’s clothing was stolen from Kohl’s. Wallace, of Glenwood Avenue, Boardman, also was wanted on three warrants from the Trumbull County 911 center. Assault/theft: A Wolosyn Circle woman alleged a man had grabbed her arms, threw the accuser out of bed and onto the floor and struck her head with a cellphone before stealing $400 from her kitchen. Identity fraud: A Lynn Mar Avenue woman learned that her debit card had been used to make 13 fraudulent purchases from an area Walmart store that totaled about $650. April 16 Assault/theft: An Aravesta Avenue woman reported a wallet, $70, a driver’s license and other small items stolen. In addition, a man twice punched her face during an argument about their relationship, she also alleged. Vandalism: A tenant reportedly did $100 in damage to a door to a room at a Market Street motel. Recovered property: A 2009 Cadillac vehicle was found on Youngstown’s South Side without its tires and wheels after a city man had reported the car stolen while he was in the 7000 block of Market Street. Assault: A Huntington Drive woman alleged a man had hit her face during a discussion regarding their relationship. Other stories of interest Difference in philosophies leads to leadership change at TAG Austintown woman faces child-endangering charge JJC officials: Escapee may harm himself Man accused of making school massacre threat indicted on misdemeanors Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Flacco will travel to Arizona to show support for Todd Heap News Maryland Carroll County Two charged for shoplifting at Westminster Walmart Michel ElbenContact ReporterCarroll County Times Two Prince George's County residents are facing theft charges in Carroll after allegedly attempting to steal two televisions with a combined value of more than $2,000 from the Westminster Walmart. Lynis Nathaniel Ellerbe, 37, and Trentity Nichole Williams, 21, both of the 4000 block of Dallas Drive in Temple Hills, are each charged with one count of theft at least $1,000 but less than $10,000, according to electronic court records. An officer with the Westminster City Police Department responded to the Westminster Walmart on Tuesday, April 18, for a report of shoplifting. A Walmart employee said two people, later identified as Ellerbe and Williams, attempted to take a 70-inch Vizio TV priced at $1,298 and a 65-inch Samsung TV priced at $798, according to the charging documents. The employee alleged that Ellerbe and Williams proceeded past all points of sale without paying for the merchandise. When stopped by another employee at the store's exit, Ellerbe and Williams said they did not have a receipt, according to the charging documents. The employee escorted Ellerbe and Williams to the self-checkout and they said they had to go get money from their vehicle to purchase the televisions. They exited the store and left the area in a green Ford Explorer, according to charging documents. According to electronic court records, Ellerbe and Williams were arrested some time after the incident. Ellerbe is being held on $5,000 bond at the Carroll County Detention Center. Williams is being held on $2,500 bond at the Carroll County Detention Center. They are scheduled to appear in court on June 27. michel.elben@carrollcountytimes.com 410-857-7873 twitter.com/MichelElben Caption Home lost in Richardson Road fire More than 50 firefighters from Carroll County and Adams County, Pa. responded to a house fire in the 1500 block of Richardson Road Tuesday. No one was injured in the single-alarm blaze that was reported around 1:20 p.m. More than 50 firefighters from Carroll County and Adams County, Pa. responded to a house fire in the 1500 block of Richardson Road Tuesday. No one was injured in the single-alarm blaze that was reported around 1:20 p.m. Caption Home lost in Richardson Road fire More than 50 firefighters from Carroll County and Adams County, Pa. responded to a house fire in the 1500 block of Richardson Road Tuesday. No one was injured in the single-alarm blaze that was reported around 1:20 p.m. More than 50 firefighters from Carroll County and Adams County, Pa. responded to a house fire in the 1500 block of Richardson Road Tuesday. No one was injured in the single-alarm blaze that was reported around 1:20 p.m. Caption Bosley trial day 1 lunch recess update Times reporter Heather Mongilio talks about Robert Theodore Bosley's trial. (Heather Mongilio / Carroll County Times) Times reporter Heather Mongilio talks about Robert Theodore Bosley's trial. (Heather Mongilio / Carroll County Times) Caption Cpl. William Gunnar Burdt Cpl. William Gunnar Burdt of the Carroll County Sheriff's Office talks about moments that have stuck with him over his career. Cpl. William Gunnar Burdt of the Carroll County Sheriff's Office talks about moments that have stuck with him over his career. Caption Lumber truck overturns on Md. 140 Md. 140 was closed in both directions Tuesday morning after a tractor-trailer carrying lumber overturned at the intersection of Md. 140 and Md. 31 in Westminster, spilling its load onto the roadway. Md. 140 was closed in both directions Tuesday morning after a tractor-trailer carrying lumber overturned at the intersection of Md. 140 and Md. 31 in Westminster, spilling its load onto the roadway. Caption Western Chapel Road House Fire Firefighters responded to a house fire in the 1300 block of Western Chapel Road on Wednesday March 29, 2017. (Ken Koons/Carroll County Times) Firefighters responded to a house fire in the 1300 block of Western Chapel Road on Wednesday March 29, 2017. (Ken Koons/Carroll County Times) Copyright © 2017, The Baltimore Sun, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Theft Two men charged with breaking into Bel Air home, beating teenager with a hammer Sinclair said to be aiming to buy Tribune Media for high $30s a share Baltimore County school board to start search for interim superintendent Breaking Sports Maryland Best of Balt Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 61°
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Hardware Unboxed Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Industry The Web PetSmart acquires Chewy.com for $3.35 billion By Shawn Knight on Apr 19, 2017, 1:30 PM TechSpot Walmart can no longer lay claim to the largest e-commerce acquisition ever as that distinction now belongs to PetSmart. On Tuesday, the pet supplies specialist announced intentions to purchase online pet food and products retailer Chewy.com. Terms of the deal weren’t disclosed although sources reportedly familiar with the transaction tell Re/code the deal is valued at $3.35 billion. Walmart, if you recall, shelled out $3.3 billion in cash for Jet.com last summer. Founded in 2011 by Ryan Cohen and Michael Day, Chewy has enjoyed incredible growth in a relatively short amount of time. Last year alone, the company generated revenue of nearly $900 million but was still not profitable. PetSmart in a press release said the acquisition accelerates the execution of its strategy and is a critical milestone in its transformational journey to be the most convenient, best-in-class pet retailer. Coming together will enhance both companies’ capabilities and reach, PetSmart said, adding that it’ll offer the widest selection of pet products and services available both in-store and online in North America. The acquisition, which is subject to customary regulatory approval, is expected to close by the end of PetSmart’s second fiscal quarter of 2017. PetSmart said it plans to operate Chewy largely as an independent subsidiary that’ll continue to be led by Cohen who currently serves as CEO. Image courtesy PetSmart 2 comments 58 interactions Share this article: Now Read This… House of Representatives strikes down Internet privacy rules Today the US House votes to repeal online privacy rules Popular 5 Days of Awesome Wallpapers: Nature Photography and Amazing Scenes The Best CPUs: This is what you should get Load Comments 2 ... User Comments: 2 Got something to say? Post a comment Load all comments... Discuss 9 A SNES Classic Edition will reportedly arrive before the end of 2017 11 Passengers leaving the US will have to pass facial recognition scanners at all international... 18 Pretty much everyone uses their phone while driving 7 Microsoft Authenticator app adds phone sign-in option, skips the password 14 Steve Wozniak: Apple, Google, and Facebook will be much bigger in 2075 than today Recently commented stories Jump to forum mode Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Mad Money with Jim Cramer Cramer: IBM can take a hint from these high-flying consumer names Jim Cramer says IBM's earnings bombed because its turnaround was not fast enough. CEO Ginny Rometty still has room to improve, but if not, shareholders might rebel. Cramer said IBM could use takeover advice from Coca-Cola, McDonald's, or Wal-Mart. Elizabeth Gurdus | @elizabethgurdus 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters IBM could learn from high-flying consumer names    7 Hours Ago | 02:25 Wall Street turned negative on IBM after the tech giant's earnings showed yet another year-over-year revenue decline, so Jim Cramer examined the company's botched turnaround and compared it to three successful transitions that were marred by IBM's slide. "IBM failed to demonstrate that it's made a successful transition from the slow-growing basic mainframe and software business to the fast-growing cloud computing, cognitive, artificial intelligence areas that are so vital to restoring the company's revenue growth after 20 straight quarters — yes, 20 straight quarters — of declining sales," the "Mad Money" host said. Cramer said IBM's problem was not being able to sign on enough new business to push its numbers higher. Instead, it focused on maintaining its legacy business so as not to drag its entire earnings report down. Despite the market's negativity about IBM and rumors that the company only beat estimates due to one-time gains in areas such as licensing intellectual property, Cramer says the name still has promise. Watch the full segment here: show chapters Cramer: IBM can take a hint from these high-flying consumer names    8 Hours Ago | 12:35 "When you consider that IBM's got a 3.5 percent yield, an incredible base of installed business, a partnership with Salesforce.com that should begin to produce results even in the second half of this year, and the CFO's promise that the unsigned business will be signed very soon ... I do not want to sell IBM's stock around $160. I'd rather buy it," he said. Still, the company could take some hints from three companies whose strong comebacks were lost amid the IBM-related chaos: Coca-Cola, McDonald's, and Wal-Mart. On Tuesday, Credit Suisse analysts upgraded Coca-Cola's stock from a "hold" to a "buy" rating, arguing that with CEO Muhtar Kent's push to make the company leaner before stepping down on May 1, the company can focus on global growth and franchising — "what it does best," the note said. The analysts also argued that Coca-Cola's re-franchising of slower-growing parts of its chain like the bottlers would help the company deliver long-awaited earnings-per-share growth. "I trust the Credit Suisse report. I trust Coca-Cola. I think the turn really is at hand and Muhtar Kent has made it so his successor, [Coca-Cola President and COO James] Quincey, will be coming in hot," Cramer said. And although Cramer prefers PepsiCo because of its booming snack business, he said Coca-Cola's strong balance sheet and juicy 3.4 percent yield makes it an attractive bet. McDonald's has also seen a formidable turnaround at the hands of CEO Steve Easterbrook, who has pushed the company to simplify its menus, add natural and organic ingredients, introduce all-day breakfast, and implement consumer-friendly, cost-saving technology at some locations. "That makes these franchisees more attentive, more willing to hire new workers, and more amenable, focusing on making the stores cleaner, brighter [and] more competitive in an increasingly dog-eat-dog fast-food world," Cramer said. "In short, the turn here is real." Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon has also led the company to new highs with turnaround efforts he put into motion when he took over as the chain's chief in 2014. McMillon's initiative pushing higher wages slashed employee turnover, saving Wal-Mart a considerable amount in training costs. Spending on e-commerce led to better offers for customers and presence in the stay-at-home economy. And with a 2.75 percent yield, the consumer play paid investors to wait for the comeback. "The bottom line: I say turnarounds take time. You need to be patient, so I say hold onto your IBM, because they can still get it right," Cramer said. "That said, unlike Coke, unlike McDonald's, unlike Wal-Mart, the fact that IBM's turn hasn't happened yet since [CEO Ginny] Rometty took over in 2012, makes me feel that if they don't get it right this year, then maybe the shareholder base, perhaps even largest shareholder Warren Buffett, will demand to bring in a new leader who can finally get the job done." Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Elizabeth GurdusDigital Producer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change IBM --- MCD --- KO --- WMT --- CRM --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart adds online footwear domain site to its roster April 19, 2017 | By Deena M. Amato-McCoy Walmart continues its online buying spree, but this time the target is a Web domain.   ShoeBuy.com, which Walmart acquired in January, has acquired the shoes.com domain name and related intellectual property for $9 million, according to documents filed with the Supreme Court of British Columbia in Bankruptcy and Insolvency. In an unexpected move, the Canada-based Shoes.com shut down its online sites and brick-and-mortar operations in January.    According to a Footwear News report, shoppers visiting shoes.com will be linked to a new homepage on Shoe.com and go on to shop the 800-plus footwear brands, as well as outerwear and handbags.    In the coming months, ShoeBuy plans to overhaul and revive the Shoes.com site to create an experience that mirrors ShoeBuy’s approach to online retailing, the report said.   Walmart’s purchase of ShoeBuy was a direct hit against Amazon, which owns Zappos.   Under the direction of its U.S. digital chief Marc Lore, Walmart has been expanding its line capabilities and fashion offerings. Since January, in addition to ShoeBuy, the discounter has acquired outdoor gear online retailer Moosejaw, and Modcloth, a young women’s apparel and accessories retailer. This week, Bloomberg reported that the chain is in advanced discussions to acquire Bonobos, an e-commerce-driven apparel company that designs and sells upscale men’s clothing.   Click here for more.  Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Study: U.S. companies still waiting on an innovation ROI Convenience store giant makes $3.3 billion acquisition CEO of specialty apparel chain out Forever 21 in big rollout of sister banner PetSmart acquires fast-growing online rival President-elect hurting traffic at some major retail flagships Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: More than half of U.S. shoppers haven’t tried BOPIS More omnichannel retailers offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services... Report: Retailers are running in place when it comes to IoT Retailers remain stuck when it comes to Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives... Survey: Store retailers leaving money on table Disappointing shopping experiences are costing brick-and-mortar retailers... Trending Stores Missguided, Westfield Stratford City, London British online fast-fashion retailer Missguided makes the leap to physical retail with a high-concept, high-impact store at Westfield Stratford City mall in London.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
EDITION US عربي (Arabi) Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Ελλάδα (Greece) India Italia 日本 (Japan) 한국 (Korea) Maghreb México Québec (En Francais) South Africa United Kingdom United States NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Sleep IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero HuffPost RYOT Good News VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents VIDEO ALL SECTIONS Arts + Culture Black Voices Books Business Candidate Confessional Celebrity College Comedy Crime Divorce Dolce Vita Eat the Press Education Election Results Entertainment Fifty Good News Green Healthy Living Highline Home Horoscopes HuffPost Data HuffPost Hill Impact Latino Voices Media Newsletters Outspeak Parents Politics Pollster Queer Voices Religion Science Small Business So That Happened Sports Style Taste Tech Teen TestKitchen Travel TV Weddings Weird News Women FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost TASTE 04/19/2017 03:52 pm ET Why Is Walmart Trying To Make The 'Crotilla' The New Cronut? Just like "fetch," it'll never happen. By Carly Ledbetter Walmart Would you eat it?  In the latest edition of “why is this happening,” Walmart is mashing up two boring foods in an attempt to make them trendier. Meet your newest nightmare: the Crotilla.  Pronounced “crow-TEE-ah,” the flaky food is a combination of flour tortillas and crescent rolls. According to a press release from Walmart, the Crotilla is “destined to be the hottest mashup since tweens started asking for Labradoodles.” A hotter mashup than a Labradoodle? Not possible. Tweens ― maybe.   The Crotilla is perfect for brunch or brinner, according to its press release, and can be used to make everything from “breakfast sandwiches and flatbread pizzas, to exciting salad sides and inventive desserts.” Currently for sale in 800 Walmart stores, a pack of eight retails for $3.98.  The creation is an obvious play on Dominque Ansel’s 2013 masterpiece, the Cronut. This perfect pastry retails for $5.75 apiece, along with travel expenses to New York, London or Tokyo. Over the past few years, many people have tried to replicate the success of the Cronut with ripoffs like the Crogel and Crognet. Introducing our May Cronut® for New York: Raspberry Earl Grey with Earl Grey Sugar. Homemade raspberry jam with creamy Earl Grey-infused ganache, finished with Earl Grey sugar for a hint of added citrus bergamot flavor. Starts May 1st, just in time for Mother's Day, at #DominiqueAnselBakery. Pre-orders for May launch today at 11am at www.CronutPreorder.com. Large order requests can be emailed to us at info@dominiqueansel.com. #Cronut #Soho A post shared by dominiqueansel (@dominiqueansel) on Apr 17, 2017 at 7:14am PDT Will the Crotilla be successful? We’ll have to wait and see.  The HuffPost Lifestyle newsletter will make you happier and healthier, one email at a time. Sign up here. Related... Get Ready, This Magical Raindrop Cake Is Coming To America 6 Baking Tips From Dominique Ansel, The Cronut King Himself Cronut Inventor Comes Up With Glorious New Creation ALSO ON HUFFPOST Allegedly The Most Expensive 'Cronut' Ever Allegedly The Most Expensive 'Cronut' Ever 1 of 4 Dum Dum Donutterie and JUST EAT have created the world's most expensive 'Cronut', a doughnut hybrid for £1,500. The Luxury Zebra Cro includes Saffron Infused Butter Croissant Dough, Cristal Rosé Champagne Caviar, Gold Leaf, Tahitian Gold Vanilla Beans and rare Amedei Porcelana Chocolate.  Share this slide: John Phillips/Getty Images Suggest a correction Carly Ledbetter Lifestyle Editor, The Huffington Post MORE: Walmart Cronut CONVERSATIONS Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW LIFESTYLE All the meal hacks and indulgent snacks. You’re welcome. Learn more Newsletter 1.65 M 430 K 477 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Why Is Walmart Trying To Make The 'Crotilla' The New Cronut? NEW! HIGHLIGHT AND SHARE Highlight text to share via Facebook and Twitter Advertise RSS Careers FAQ User Agreement Privacy Comment Policy About Us About Our Ads Contact Us Archive Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Lifestyle
Passport Health Plan moving headquarters to West Louisville - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Keith Kaiser Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Passport Health Plan moving headquarters to West Louisville Posted: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 9:33 AM EDT Updated: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 3:52 PM EDT Passport Health Plan CEO Mark Carter, April 19, 2017 Teresa Bridgewaters of Newbridge Development, April 19, 2017 LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) -- Passport Health Plan, the nonprofit that administers Medicaid benefits in the Louisville area, will construct a new corporate office on the vacant site where Walmart had once planned to build a super center. The building – likely three stories tall, with space for up to 1,000 workers -- will anchor a “health and wellness” campus on the 18-acre site at 1800 West Broadway. It’s planned to open in 2020. Passport announced the plan Wednesday in a news conference with Mayor Greg Fischer and several West Louisville religious leaders. Passport’s move follows a failed effort to land a Walmart super center for the site. Walmart announced in 2014 that it would build the store, but backed out late last year. Combined with the YMCA branch planned across the street and Brown Forman Corp.’s adjacent headquarters, the Passport office building will create a “nucleus of activity” that will spur more development in West Louisville, Fischer said Wednesday. “This is transformational for this part of the city, and of course, retail will come. Restaurants will come. Entertainment will come after this,” Fischer said. Beyond the office building, Passport’s plans for the property are still conceptual. A rendering of the site shows a potential parking garage and a retail building – but more than half of the site is green space marked as “available for future development.” Passport CEO Mark Carter said the decision puts the organization – currently housed in a business park off Preston Highway – closer to the low-income population it serves. About 75,000 of Passport’s 300,000 Medicaid members live within a 10-mile radius of the site, he said. “It’s really to put our money where our mouth is, and locate in the community that needs us the most in Louisville,” Carter said. Carter added that whatever other development takes place, Passport’s ownership of the whole site ensures that it will be compatible with “health” and “wellness” themes. For example, a pharmacy could locate there, but not a fast food restaurant. Financial details Passport will pay Newbridge Development – a company owned by local construction company executives Frank and Teresa Bridgewaters -- $7.1 million for the site. In 2006, then-Mayor Jerry Abramson’s administration gave the site – an abandoned cigarette plant -- to the Bridgewaterses for no payment, but they promised to demolish the old buildings and market the property for redevelopment. Passport has also agreed to pay the Bridgewaters another $2 million for a smaller, adjacent parcel of land that will be created by the planned realignment of Dixie Highway. The $7.1 million from the sale of the large parcel will allow the Bridgewaters to pay off a $1.7 million credit to line to MainSource Bank, which has filed a foreclosure on the property. Meanwhile, Metro government will forgive a $1.1 million loan it made to the Bridgewaterses’ company, Newbridge Development, in 2013. As WDRB reported last month, the purpose of the $1.1 million was to allow Newbridge to buy additional parcels of land needed for the Walmart site, but public records show the developers spent only $357,000 for that purpose. SUNDAY EDITION | After collapse of Walmart deal, developers face debts to bank and taxpayers The Bridgewaterses have declined to say what happened to remaining $743,000 in city funds, and Teresa Bridgewaters refused to comment when approached by a reporter after Wednesday’s news conference. Mayor Greg Fischer declined to say why the city didn’t insist on being repaid the loaned money from the $7.1 million proceeds of the sale to Passport. He referred comment to Jeff Mosley, the city’s chief negotiator on the deal. Mosley said city officials decided not to attempt to collect the funds from the Bridgewaterses as a matter of expediency in getting the Passport deal finalized. “In 2013, that was the deal that was made, and given what’s coming here today and the money that’s being invested here today -- it’s going to be over a $40 million structure… We think the global ending of everything is in the best interests of all, and given what is here, is worth where we are,” Mosley said. Fischer’s administration has agreed to a number of additional payments of city money to complete the deal: A $500,000 grant to Passport (which had also been offered to Walmart) $762,000, paid to Passport when the sale closes, to “assist in acquisition / land preparation costs” A tax-increment financing district which will give Passport $2.8 million to $4 million in property tax rebates over 20 years, subject to approval by the Metro Council Carter said he isn't sure yet how the building will be financed -- though it will ultimately come from Medicaid revenues, as office space is part of Passport's cost to administer the program. He said a developer may construct the building in exchange for a long-term lease from Passport. Founded in 1997, Passport is a group of hospital companies and physician practices formed to administer Medicaid benefits under a contract with the state. Reach reporter Chris Otts at 502-585-0822, cotts@wdrb.com, on Twitter or on Facebook. Copyright 2017 WDRB News. All rights reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Stories by Chris OttsMore>> Passport Health Plan moving headquarters to West Louisville Passport Health Plan moving headquarters to West Louisville Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 3:52 PM EDT2017-04-19 19:52:34 GMT Passport Health Plan, the nonprofit that administers Medicaid benefits in the Louisville area, is moving its corporate office to a vacant site in Louisville's west end where Walmart had once planned to build a super center.More >> Passport Health Plan, the nonprofit that administers Medicaid benefits in the Louisville area, is moving its corporate office to a vacant site in Louisville's west end where Walmart had once planned to build a super center.More >> Passport Health Plan to make 'announcement' Wednesday at West Louisville site Passport Health Plan to make 'announcement' Wednesday at West Louisville site Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 7:19 AM EDT2017-04-19 11:19:43 GMT Drone footage shows the site at 18th and Broadway. Passport Health Plan, the nonprofit that administers Medicaid benefits in the Louisville area, may be moving its corporate office to the vacant West Louisville site where Walmart had once planned to build a super center.  More >> Passport Health Plan, the nonprofit that administers Medicaid benefits in the Louisville area, may be moving its corporate office to the vacant West Louisville site where Walmart had once planned to build a super center. More >> KentuckyOne Health cuts 250 jobs, cites "evolution of health care" KentuckyOne Health cuts 250 jobs, cites "evolution of health care" Updated: Tuesday, April 18 2017 4:37 PM EDT2017-04-18 20:37:26 GMT The emergency room at University Hospital, Nov. 18, 2015. The hospital is managed by KentuckyOne Health, but will soon transfer back to U of L. KentuckyOne Health, the statewide health system based in Louisville, is undertaking another round of layoffs, citing “challenges brought by the continuing evolution of health care reform and reimbursement structures.” KentuckyOne, a unit of Denver-based Catholic Health Initiatives, said it’s cutting 250 jobs.More >> KentuckyOne Health, the statewide health system based in Louisville, is undertaking another round of layoffs, citing “challenges brought by the continuing evolution of health care reform and reimbursement structures.” KentuckyOne, a unit of Denver-based Catholic Health Initiatives, said it’s cutting 250 jobs.More >> RAW VIDEO | John Schnatter: UofL athletics needs 'fix,' Tom Jurich 'invisible' RAW VIDEO | John Schnatter: UofL athletics needs 'fix,' Tom Jurich 'invisible' Updated: Thursday, April 13 2017 1:44 PM EDT2017-04-13 17:44:18 GMT While not mentioning Jurich by name, Schnatter complained that the “the leadership” of the athletics department is “invisible” to the university’s governing board. More >> While not mentioning Jurich by name, Schnatter complained that the “the leadership” of the athletics department is “invisible” to the university’s governing board.More >> YMCA to make 'announcement' Thursday at site of long-planned West Louisville branch YMCA to make 'announcement' Thursday at site of long-planned West Louisville branch Updated: Wednesday, April 12 2017 10:48 AM EDT2017-04-12 14:48:31 GMT Rendering of planned YMCA branch at 1700 W Broadway The YMCA of Greater Louisville may be ready to move ahead with construction of a long-planned branch in West Louisville. YMCA officials are set to make “an announcement regarding advancement of services for West Louisville” on Thursday at the site.More >> The YMCA of Greater Louisville may be ready to move ahead with construction of a long-planned branch in West Louisville. YMCA officials are set to make “an announcement regarding advancement of services for West Louisville” on Thursday at the site.More >> SUNDAY EDITION | Planned as ‘research hub,’ University of Louisville Foundation’s marquee building now ‘just ordinary office space’ SUNDAY EDITION | Planned as ‘research hub,’ University of Louisville Foundation’s marquee building now ‘just ordinary office space’ Updated: Sunday, April 9 2017 9:43 PM EDT2017-04-10 01:43:09 GMT Atria Senior Living rents more than half the space in the Atria Support Center at 300 E. Market Street. The University of Louisville Foundation owns the building, which it once planned to be a research hub. Ten years ago, University of Louisville officials envisioned a research hub on Market Street, near the school's Health Sciences Campus. But the marquee building bears little resemblance to the original plan.More >> Ten years ago, University of Louisville officials envisioned a research hub on Market Street, near the school's Health Sciences Campus. But the marquee building bears little resemblance to the original plan.More >> Report: Kentucky would be among the states most harmed by "border adjustment" tax Report: Kentucky would be among the states most harmed by "border adjustment" tax Updated: Thursday, April 6 2017 10:31 AM EDT2017-04-06 14:31:55 GMT Ford's Kentucky Truck Plant in Louisville A new report concludes Kentucky would be among the handful of states most affected by a 20 percent tax on imported goods that some Congressional Republicans support as part of a broader tax overhaul.  More >> A new report concludes Kentucky would be among the handful of states most affected by a 20 percent tax on imported goods that some Congressional Republicans support as part of a broader tax overhaul. More >> Texas Roadhouse to pay $12 million to settle age-discrimination case Texas Roadhouse to pay $12 million to settle age-discrimination case Updated: Monday, April 3 2017 1:50 PM EDT2017-04-03 17:50:57 GMT Louisville-based Texas Roadhouse will pay $12 million and hire a “diversity director,” among other concessions, to settle an age-discrimination lawsuit with the U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Commission. More >> Louisville-based Texas Roadhouse will pay $12 million and hire a “diversity director,” among other concessions, to settle an age-discrimination lawsuit with the U.S. Equal Opportunity Employment Commission. More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Vigilant Walmart customer thwarts attempted purse-snatchers Walmart sign (File | MLive.com) Print Email Cole Waterman | cwaterma@mlive.com By Cole Waterman | cwaterma@mlive.com The Bay City Times Follow on Twitter on April 19, 2017 at 3:34 PM comments BANGOR TWP, MI -- Some would-be Walmart purse snatchers didn't quite make off with their loot, thanks to the intervention of a vigilant customer. About 8:30 a.m. on Tuesday, April 18, Bay County Sheriff's deputies responded to the Walmart at 3921 E. Wilder Road in Bangor Township for an attempted larceny complaint. A 42-year-old woman had been shopping with her purse in her cart when she was approached by a young man, said Sheriff Troy R. Cunningham. The man engaged her in small talk, then grabbed her purse, Cunningham said. The man and a male friend took off running, pursued by the woman and some fellow customers. The two men jumped into a beige Toyota sedan parked in the store's lot. The woman caught up to the car and tried opening a door, but was unable to, Cunningham said. A male customer driving a minivan saw the commotion and pulled in front of the Toyota. He then exited his minivan, yanked open one of the Toyota's door, and grabbed the purse, Cunningham said. The Toyota's driver put the car in reverse and struck the woman and another parked vehicle, then took off, the sheriff said. The woman suffered a slight laceration on her hand and did not require medical attention. The man who retrieved the purse returned it to the woman, Cunningham said. All three suspects are in their late teens to early 20s. Cunningham said investigators have identified the trio, though arrests have yet to be made.  Michigan's Best Search for best sub continues this week from Bay City to Vicksburg Poll winners and finalists More Michigan's Best » Michigan Prom Prom season 2017 kicks off across Michigan Best dressed from Michigan proms - Week 1 Vote in our Week 2 Prom of the Week polls Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Fast Company Newsletter Subscribe Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News fast company home technology leadership entertainment ideas video news co.Design home cities innovation by design interactive product spaces collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly nfluential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways.Current Issue Current Issue SUBSCRIBE Follow us: 2 minute Read Walmart Wants To Cut 1 Billion Tons Of Emissions Out Of Its Supply Chain Project Gigaton aims to help the retail giant’s vast supply chain be more sustainable. And when Walmart says jump, the companies it works with tend to ask: “how high?” The retailer estimates this project would be equivalent to removing 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads for an entire year. [Photo: tupungato/iStock] By Ben Schiller04.19.17 | 3:30 pm For better and worse, Walmart shapes the world. The mega-retailer has 11,695 stores internationally, more than 100,000 suppliers, and its influence on local communities is undeniable. Walmart drives down prices, scares away independent stores, and very possibly costs the federal government billions of dollars. In 2013, Democrat staff on the U.S. House Committee on Education and the Workforce looked at how Walmart stores depress wages in Wisconsin. It found that public benefit programs “make up the difference” in people’s pay packets, meaning that taxpayers are effectively subsidizing Walmart’s business. A single 300-person Supercenter costs the public $904,542 per year, it estimated. Still, Walmart’s impact can also be positive. The retailer has invested heavily in solar energy, for example, helping to normalize renewables among major corporations. In the U.S. 350 of its more than 5,000 stores have solar panels on their roofs, the most of any retail chain. Moreover, Walmart’s commitments on climate change are putting other chains to shame. It was the first retailer with a “science-based target” for reducing carbon emissions (meaning its target is in line with what scientists say are necessary reductions to keep global warming at manageable levels). Walmart hopes to reduce its own carbon output by 18% by 2025. And now it plans to go further than that, encouraging its top suppliers to make similar commitments. Its new initiative, called Project Gigaton, aims to cut greenhouse emissions by one billion tons across its supply chain by 2030. Which is a hell of a lot: The retailer estimates it’s the equivalent of getting 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads for an entire year. Walmart hopes to reduce its own carbon output by 18% by 2025. [Photo: Linda Jo Heilman/iStock]“Some suppliers aren’t sure where to start and where the priorities are and we can focus them,” says Laura Phillips, Walmart’s senior vice president of sustainability, tells Fast Company. “What’s unique about our approach is that we’re bringing all our suppliers along with us, sharing results and taking on this broader challenge together.” Walmart is releasing an open source toolkit that identifies “hotspot” areas where suppliers can make improvements. It covers energy efficiency, agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation, and product use and design. For example, together with the Environmental Defense Fund, Walmart works with farmers to optimize their use of nitrogen fertilizer. When farmers use too much fertilizer it gets released into the atmosphere as nitrous oxide (a powerful greenhouse gas) or it leaches into waterways causing algae blooms. The energy section covers how suppliers can compose power purchase agreements for off-site renewable energy. Meanwhile, on the product design side, Walmart has produced a $3.88 T-shirt with cotton traceable to the Mississippi Valley. Manufactured with 50% renewable energy and reclaimed water, Phillips says it’s an example of the type of product Walmart wants its suppliers to produce more of, and how the toolkit can help. With almost $500 billion in annual revenues, Walmart’s influence on environmental matters is enormous. Phillips doesn’t say suppliers are obliged to become more sustainable as part of Project Gigaton, only that Walmart “wants” its suppliers to be more sustainable. Which may mean the same thing. “When Walmart says you have to be more sustainable, suppliers tend to react,” says EDF spokesperson Rick Velleu, in an interview. “Nobody wants to design their product twice. They answer to the big fish. Walmart sends a signal and it reverberates across the supply chain. That’s why EDF works with them.” About the author Ben Schiller is a New York staff writer for Fast Company. Previously, he edited a European management magazine and was a reporter in San Francisco, Prague, and Brussels. More Fast Company Daily NewsletterSign Up Receive special Fast Company offersSee All Newsletters Related Stories Ideas Prescriptions For Fresh Produce, And Other World Changing Ideas In Food Ideas This Startup Is Building A Fitness Tracker For The Planet Ideas Is Your Money In A Bank That’s Doing Something Good With It? Video What You Need To Know From F8 Conference Day 1 How Community Film Screenings Are Inspiring Deeper Conversations With These Inmates The Truth Behind Those Broken iPhone Myths Here's What To Expect At Facebook's F8 Developer Conference The Problem With Marvel Isn’t Diversity--It’s Distribution Congressman Jason Chaffetz Could Lose His Seat In 2018--Thanks To This Woman's Crowdfunding How WeWork Created Nas’s New Office Instagram Wades Deeper Into Snapchat Territory--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Lincoln Wants To Drive You Around--And Run Your Errands This School Has No Teachers, No Lectures, And No Tuition Inside One of Facebook's Most Creative Departments How Collaborating With Tony Fadell Sparked Half A Decade Of Creativity Facebook, Uber, AirBnB: Are These Companies Givers or Takers? Ford's Newest Police Car Fights Crime And Climate Change Here’s An Update On President Trump’s Voter Fraud Allegations This Driverless Taxi Could Soon Be Your Next Ride—And Other Stories You Might’ve Missed How This Disconnected Coffee Shop Wants To Stir Up Conversation Here's A Look Inside The World's First LEED Platinum Certified Factory What It’s Like To Meditate On Top Of The World Trade Center Here’s How This Shoe Will Decompose Like Food In Your Trash Cher’s Childhood Advice From Her Mom Still Holds Up Today Headspace CEO On How He'd Prefer Employees Meditate To Their Own Happiness Rather Than Work Success Why Tony Fadell Is Betting On This Idaho Lighting Startup Why Silicon Valley Should Look Beyond A College Degree When Hiring This Could Be Your Seat To Outer Space--And Other Stories You Might've Missed Women In Science Encourage Young Girls: "You Belong In The STEM Fields" African-Americans Are Hitting Movie Theaters In Record Numbers Here's What We Learned From Uber's Diversity Report more stories Technology Now WeWork Wants To Build Out Your Office And Run It For You Most Innovative Companies At Flatiron Health, Doctors And Developers Work On Cracking The Code For Better Cancer Treatment Leadership The 7 Questions Recruiters At Companies Like Amazon And Spotify Wish You Would Ask Technology The Demise Of Tilt: A Bargain For Airbnb, A Classic Loss For Investors Like Andreessen Horowitz Ideas Ideas Prescriptions For Fresh Produce, And Other World Changing Ideas In Food Ideas Walmart Wants To Cut 1 Billion Tons Of Emissions Out Of Its Supply Chain Ideas This Startup Is Building A Fitness Tracker For The Planet Entertainment Entertainment How An Offbeat Video Game Got 100 Japanese Bands To Write Its Soundtrack Entertainment Your Favorite ’80s Jams Have Become Old School Stephen King Book Covers Entertainment Exclusive: Viacom’s New Study Is A Marketer’s Blueprint For Millennials Co.Design Interactive Facebook Wants To Read Your Mind And Make You Feel Words Product Nendo Makes Solid Marble Look Like Air Product A Fitbit The Size Of A Ring Is Surprisingly Wonderful Fast Company Technology Don’t Hate Facebook Spaces VR, Or Take It Too Seriously Ideas Prescriptions For Fresh Produce, And Other World Changing Ideas In Food Technology Now WeWork Wants To Build Out Your Office And Run It For You Advertise Privacy Policy Terms Contact About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © 2017 Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Thu April 20, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Thu April 20, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Kulbhushan Yadavpanama leaksCPECRaddul Fasaad Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Thu April 20, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Kulbhushan Yadav panama leaks CPEC Raddul Fasaad Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story Business April 18, 2017 Share Advertisement The long, rough ride ahead for ‘Made in America’ RUSTON, Louisiana: Mini motorcycle and go-kart maker Monster Moto made a big bet on U.S. manufacturing by moving assembly to this Louisiana town in 2016 from China. But it will be a long ride before it can stamp its products "Made in USA. "The loss of nearly one out four U.S. factories in the last two decades means parts for its bike frames and engines must be purchased in China, where the manufacturing supply chain moved years ago. "There´s just no way to source parts in America right now," said Monster Moto Chief Executive Alex Keechle during a tour of the company´s assembly plant. "But by planting the flag here, we believe suppliers will follow. "Monster Moto´s experience is an example of the obstacles American companies face as they, along with President Donald Trump, try to rebuild American manufacturing. U.S. automakers and their suppliers, for example, have already invested billions in plants abroad and would face an expensive and time-consuming transition to buy thousands of American-made parts if President Trump’s proposed “border tax” on imported goods were to become law. When companies reshore assembly to U.S. soil – in Monster Moto’s case that took two years to find a location and negotiate support from local and state officials – they are betting their demand will create a local supply chain that currently does not exist. For now, finding U.S.-based suppliers "remains one of the top challenges across our supplier base," said Cindi Marsiglio, Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s vice president for U.S. manufacturing and sourcing. Wal-Mart partnered with Monster Moto and several other U.S. companies in a drive to increase spending on American-made goods by $250 billion by 2023 in response to consumer demand for American-made goods. Their experience has shown Americans’ patriotic shopping habits have limits, namely when it comes to price. Take Monster Moto´s bikes, which sell for between $249 to $749. Keechle, the CEO, says he can’t raise those prices for fear his price sensitive prospective customers will turn to less expensive rivals made in China. "Consumers won´t give you a free pass just because you put ´Made in USA´ on the box," Keechle says. "You have to remain price competitive." Keeping a sharp eye on labor costs in their factory is one thing these U.S. manufactures can control. They see replacing primarily lower-skilled workers on the assembly line with robots on American factory floors as the only way to produce here in a financially viable, cost-competitive way. It’s a trend that runs against the narrative candidate Donald Trump used to win the U.S. Presidency. Since taking office, Trump has continued promises to resurrect U.S. manufacturing´s bygone glory days and bring back millions of jobs. On March 31, Trump directed his administration to clamp down on countries that abuse trade rules in a bid to end to the "theft of American prosperity. "But it´s more complicated on the ground for companies like Monster Moto. "It´s almost as if people think you can just unplug manufacturing in one part of the world and plug it in to the U.S. and everything’s going to be fine," said David Abney, Chief Executive Officer of package delivery company United Parcel Service Inc, which helped Monster Moto reconfigure its supply chain to bring its Chinese-made parts to Ruston. "It´s not something that happens overnight," he said. A White House official said that the Trump administration’s efforts to encourage manufacturers to reshore production will be focused on cutting regulations and programs to provide new skills to manufacturing workers. “We recognize that the manufacturing jobs that come back to America might not all look like the ones that left,” a White House official said, “and we are taking steps to ensure that the American workforce is ready for that.” In Monster Moto´s cavernous warehouse in Ruston, boxes of imported parts that are delivered at one end then become bikes on a short but industrious assembly line of a few dozen workers. A solitary, long-bearded worker by the name of Billy Mahaffey fires up the bikes to test their engine and brakes before a small group of workers puts them in boxes declaring: "Assembled in the USA. "Helped by that label, Monster Moto has experienced a recent boom in demand from major customers that include Wal-Mart. The company expects to double production to 80,000 units and increase its assembly workers - who make $13 to $15 an hour - to 100 from around 40 in 2017.The most likely components Monster Moto could produce in America first are black, welded-metal frames for bikes and go-karts, but they would have to automate production because human welders would be too expensive. "We can´t just blow up our cost structure," said Monster Moto President Rick Sukkar. "The only way to make it work in America is with robotics. "The same principle applies for much larger manufacturers, such as automotive supplier Delphi Automotive PLC’s. Chief Financial Officer Joe Massaro told analysts in February that 90 percent of the company’s hourly workforce is in “best-cost countries. ”When asked about shifting production to the United States from Mexico, Massaro said depending on what happens to trade rules “it would have to be much more of the sort of the automated type manufacturing operations just given… the labor differential there.                 Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Nawaz vows to continue delivering Panama Ka Hungama: Exclusive updates on Geo News all day All eyes on Panama case verdict today Three armed women kill blasphemy accused Panama Papers: Different likely dimensions of SC verdict View more... see all opinions Opinion Kamila Hyat The conversion of campuses Imtiaz Alam No more lynchings of our Mashals Adnan Randhawa Reclaiming universities Malik Muhammad Ashraf Talks on Afghanistan Sikandar Ali Hullio Structural reforms Kathleen Rogers The march for science see all opinions Newspost Do not forget what we cannot forgive Energy crisis Tax exemption The Kashmir issue City of loadshedding View more... see all opinions Editorial The forgetting begins? Abusive officials View more... see all opinions National SC judgment to produce political losers and gainers Business group shows confidence in ICT policy for e-commerce Court refers Pemra’s appeal on DTH to CJP to form three-member bench Chakwal by-poll result shows PML-N’s firm grip in Punjab Govt to earmark Rs25 bn for SDGs programme in budget View more... see all opinions World Indonesian Muslim candidate wins Jakarta election Pence vows ‘overwhelming’ response to North Korea Bus crash kills 44 in northern India ‘Australia first’ foreign visa changes spark cheers, fears British parliament backs May’s plan for June 8 snap election View more... see all opinions Sports Misbah, Younis aim to sign off careers on a high in West Indies Pak juniors edge Victoria Williamson and Dhawan overwhelm Daredevils Maharaj gets first ODI call-up Gayle first to hit 10,000 T20 runs View more... see all opinions Business Current account deficit widens to $6.13 billion in nine months Withholding tax collection from non-filers down 3.67pc in July-March SBP seeks feedback on latest anti-cyber crime technology China gathers state-led consortium for Aramco IPO OPEC, non-members to meet on same day as group’s May gathering View more... see all opinions Karachi Rangers not happy with ‘influential’ men out on bail KE’s inefficiency has put water supply to city at risk: KWSB chief Ex-IGP, AIG to be indicted on April 29 FIA cop, two others remanded to CTD police for three days Discussion highlights need to understand gravity of gender-based violence View more... see all opinions Lahore ‘Chakwal by-poll results eye-opener for opponents’ Promotion of peace, tolerance stressed Structures demolished GCU book fair gets warm response Panama case verdict to determine future of country: JI View more... see all opinions Islamabad Attractive media publicity packages galore at Jang expo Health professionals urge PM to implement 2-year-old decision Pakistan’s study on gender-based violence wins WB funding Summer sun is at its blazing best Power thieves held View more... see all opinions Peshawar see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart has 2 huge advantages that should terrify Amazon Hayley Peterson Apr. 19, 2017, 1:47 PM 8,648 facebook linkedin twitter email print A customer shops at a Walmart Supercenter in RogersThomson Reuters Walmart is no longer playing catch-up with Amazon, according to Barclays. Walmart has shifted to "playing offense" against its biggest rival, and the retailer has two strengths giving it a key advantage: its physical stores and its grocery business. "Walmart has an omni presence – Amazon does not – and Walmart can leverage its 3,522 US Supercenter units to gain a meaningful advantage over Amazon," analysts wrote in a research note published Wednesday. Walmart is already using its stores to get a leg-up over Amazon online. The retailer rolled out a new discount last week on items that shoppers buy online and then pick up in one of Walmart's 4,700 stores — including those 3,522 Supercenters. This cuts down on shipping costs for Walmart, and Walmart passes those savings on to customers. Walmart is also dominating Amazon when it comes to groceries, a category that Amazon entered in 2007 with the launch of a delivery grocery service called AmazonFresh. The fresh produce department in a Walmart store in Richmond, Virginia.Business Insider/Hayley Peterson Amazon has been ramping up its investment in the category lately with plans to open physical grocery stores, but Walmart is still far ahead of Amazon in the grocery market, according to Barclays. "Walmart dominates in food in the US with (for the most part) the most attractive prices in food retail nationally," analysts wrote. "Amazon has not yet solved for fresh, nor are price points in non-perishables attractive. In addition, pricing in non-perishables is fairly complicated and inconsistent – a function of the fact that many items are from third party vendors." Walmart offers in-store pickup for groceries ordered online at 600 stores nationwide. That number will increase to 1,100 stores this year, according to the company. Walmart is also testing grocery delivery in several markets. "If Walmart can solve for the last mile in fresh/food with simple, clear, and low pricing, Walmart would leapfrog Amazon in food delivery," the analysts wrote.  This would give Walmart an advantage in non-food categories, like general merchandise, as well, according to the analysts.  Overall, the analysts estimate that Walmart's ecommerce sales grew 36% in the fourth quarter, compared to 20% growth for Amazon in the period. "Walmart has clearly decided to not only aggressively address its ecommerce inadequacies – the company appears to be trying to take Amazon head on," the analysts wrote. SEE ALSO: Walmart has a new kind of discount — and it's impossible for Amazon to beat NOW WATCH: Here's what it's like to wear $900 high heels designed by a former SpaceX exec Loading video... More: Retail Walmart Amazon Grocery eCommerce facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart has 2 huge advantages that should terrify Amazon Walmart has 2 huge advantages that should terrify Amazon Walmart is no longer playing catch-up with... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Home Business Resources Advertise About The Mountain Times Contact Us Previous Editions News Local News Obituaries Arts, Dining & Entertainment Sports Adaptive Profiles Switching Gears State News Previous Editions News Briefs Killington TV Events & Activities Explore Killington Show Segments Dining Guide From the Vault WCW Ski Bum Horoscopes Mother’s celestial inspirations Horoscope Archives Events Calendar Music Scene World Cup Discover Killington Classifieds Opinion Commentary Letter Op – Ed Political Cartoons Columns Aging in Place Altitude Sickness Country Roads Dating Between The Peaks Generation Y Looking Back Musing From Mission Farm The Movie Diary Rockin’ The Region The Happy Lifestylist VT Beers The Outside Story News Briefs Home > News Briefs > Easter robbery of Wal-Mart lands siblings behind bars April 19, 2017 Easter robbery of Wal-Mart lands siblings behind bars A brother and sister were due in court on Monday morning for stealing a cash register from Wal-Mart in Rutland. On April 16 at approximately 8:05 a.m., officers from the Rutland City Police Department responded to Wal-Mart for a report of a robbery that had taken place and that a male suspect had stolen a cash register and ran on foot. With the cooperation of Wal-Mart employees and other witnesses, police tracked the male subject to a nearby home. Kyle Bizon, age 24 of Rutland City was subsequently arrested for sssault and robbery and violation of conditions of release. Bizon’s sister, identified as Brittney Smith, age 28, was arrested for impeding public officers, resisting arrest and disorderly conduct.  Both were lodged at the Marble Valley Regional Correctional Facility prior to appearing in court. barsbehindEasterRobberysiblingswalmart Share This Article Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Comment Be alert to avoid moose on highways Castleton seniors volunteer in Georgia Search Search Most Popular News Briefs: Lakes Region The 2014 Spartan Death Race takes endurance athletes on an “exploration” Rutland group boycotts Mac’s, again: Unsafe work environments and mistreatment of employees is at the heart of the protest Rutland Regional Planning Commission names Edward Bove as new executive director Local Weather Navigation Home Horoscopes Events Calendar Discover Killington Classifieds Opinion Column Lifestyle Contact Us About The Mountain Times Find us on facebook Mountain Times Newsletter Sign up below to receive the weekly newsletter, which also includes top trending stories and what all the locals are talking about! Email Address About the Mountain Times The Mountain Times is, and has always been, a family-owned independent newspaper located on Route 4. Founded in 1971, the paper has gone through many transitions, now expanding into web and mobile platforms in addition to its weekly newspaper and semi-annual magazines. - See more at: Here The Mountain Times PO Box 183 (Postal address) 5465 Route 4 (Physical address) Killington, VT 05751 Telephone: (802) 422-2399 Fax: (802) 422-2395 Copyright© The Mountain Times, All Rights Reserved. Website designed and built by Group6 Interactive
Log in RSS Comments e-book Top Posts & Pages Mendocino County Today: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 Mendocino County Today: Tuesday, April 18, 2017 Tim Lincecum’s Pot Bust Subscribe to theAVA.com Scandal Of The Week Mendo Glyphosate Roundup PG&E’s Bogus ‘Mea Culpa’ My Sister Got A Pot Pharm & All I Got Was Assault Charges Mendocino County Today: Monday, April 17, 2017 Home Essays Mendocino County Features Mendocino County Today Events & Announcements Letters to the Editor Valley People Off the Record Bird's Eye View Mendocino Talking Anderson Valley Writers Zack Anderson Bruce McEwen Mark Scaramella Turkey Vulture Todd Walton Malcolm Macdonald Steve Sparks David Yearsley Will Parrish Bruce Anderson Steve Heilig Flynn Washburne Bruce Patterson Spec MacQuayde Alexander Cockburn Fred Gardner Jeff Costello Marshall Newman Sheila Dawn-Tracy Louis Bedrock Debra Keipp Robert Mailer Anderson About Contact Subscribe Advertise Bookstore Behind The Green Curtain Mendocino Noir The Mendocino Papers Boonville Special Series The Walmart Shootout by Jim Gibbons, April 19, 2017 March 7, 2003 — I first heard about the WalMart shootout on the morning news, then read about it in the local newspapers. An ex-con with a long history of violence triggered a parking lot shootout at Ukiah’s WalMart Friday night that left one police officer wounded, a security guard stabbed, and the shooter dead. Neal Allen Beckman, 35, confronted Ukiah Police Sergeant Marcus Young Friday night after Beckman’s girlfriend was arrested for shoplifting. As officer Young and the girlfriend sat in Young’s patrol car, Beckman approached with his hands in his coat pockets. Young ordered him to take his hands out of his pockets, which he did, but in one hand he had a big knife and the other a .38 Smith and Wesson. Beckman continued to walk toward Young, firing five rounds at point blank range, hitting Young in the cheek, neck, shoulder and hand. Young was also hit in the chest, but his bulletproof vest no doubt saved his life. The real hero of the day was 17-year-old police cadet Julian Covella, a Ukiah High School junior who ran from cover and out into the open to come to Young’s aid. Young, bleeding profusely while kneeling helplessly on the parking lot pavement, couldn’t draw his gun from the holster because one of the bullets paralyzed his shooting hand. Covella pulled the gun out of Young’s holster and placed it in his other hand. Officer Young then fired three or four shots toward Beckman, who was trying to remove the loaded shotgun locked in Young’s patrol car rack. Meanwhile, Beckman’s girlfriend was handcuffed in the backseat screaming bloody murder. “Neal was hit in the head with one of the first shots,” she explained, “But he wasn’t dead, just shaking convulsively. He was about a foot from me. There was blood everywhere.” When I first heard the name Neal Beckman it rang a bell, taking me back some twenty years to my teaching days in the Willits Unified School District. Beckman, Neal Beckman, I kept saying to myself. I knew he had been a student of mine, but I couldn’t picture him, or remember which school it was. So I did the math in my head. If he was 35, then twenty years ago, he was 15, so that would have been 1983 when I taught at San Hedrin, the continuation high school. Needless to say, teaching and residing in a small town means you see your students and ex-students quite often, and occasionally read their exploits in The Willits News. None that I recall got scholarships to Stanford or Harvard, but over the years I have recognized a few names in the weekly Police Log. There was a photo of him in the newspaper, but twenty years can change one’s appearance. The photo showed a balding guy covered in tattoos. His most prominent tats were the devil horns on his forehead. Beckman I decided to call my old friend Ed Schuman, who taught both at the high school and with me at San Hedrin. I asked him if we had a Neal Beckman at San Hedrin, and he chuckled, “Yeah, you took his gun away.” Then it all came back to me. It was 1983, out on the playground. Besides teaching English and a journalism class, where we put out The San Hedrin High Times, I taught PE. We usually played volleyball, basketball, or kicked the hacky-sack around. I even had a running class for a while. Anyhow, one day Beckman, a young-looking 15-year old with long blond hair, barely over five feet tall, showed up at the end of PE class. I acknowledged him and he walked up to me with a smile and pulled a pistol out of his jacket. Not in a menacing manner, but more like he was proud of it and wanted to share this fun show-and-tell toy with his teacher. I said, “Neal, you can’t bring a gun to school! Let me see that,” and he gladly handed it to me. I’m not a gun guy, so I don’t recall what kind it was other than a decent-sized pistol. I asked him if it was loaded, and he smiled, as if to say, ‘Duh, I don’t carry a gun if it’s not loaded.’ I told him I’d have to keep it until after school, then I would give it back. He agreed. (Just for the record, I really wasn’t planning to give it back, I just said that.) I consulted with the other teachers, and the next thing poor Beckman knew he was handcuffed and in the back of a Willits Police car. When the cops drove away, Beckman was said to have a big smile on his face. Two years later I read that he and an accomplice knocked on the door of a local Willits resident, saying their car broke down and asked to use his phone. According to the victim’s son-in-law, “they stabbed him four times in the back, and when he was on the ground they kicked every rib in his ribcage and beat him over the head with a cane.” During the trial the man died in the hospital, so they stopped the trial and were going to prosecute for murder, but he was just 17, so instead of trying him as an adult, they put him in a juvenile facility until he was 25. “My wife and I kept going down to the parole board to stop him from getting out, and they did keep him until he was 25,” the son-in-law explained in a 2003 interview in The Ukiah Daily Journal, “but then they said, ‘Well, we kept him as long as we can’.” The son-in-law added, “I’m glad they got him, though the whole thing could have been avoided if they had just done their job 18 years ago.” POSTSCRIPT: If you can’t imagine what it would be like to have your 18-year-old daughter bring home a 35-year-old ex-con boyfriend with devil horn tats on his forehead and a .38 in his pocket, I recommend reading "Monica’s Walk on the Wild Side," an article by Bruce Anderson, editor of the weekly Anderson Valley Advertiser, in his and Mark Scaramella’s 2009 book, Mendocino Noir, a Collection of Crimes Large and Small. Share this: Tweet Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. DONATIONS WELCOME Contribute to Mendocino County's most independent source of news and information! RECENT COMMENTS susie de castro on Mendocino County Today: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 Bruce McEwen on Mendocino County Today: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 Theresa on Scandal Of The Week George Hollister on Mendocino County Today: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 Jim Updegraff on Mendocino County Today: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 George Hollister on Mendocino County Today: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 LouisBedrock on A Woman Named Juana & Two Named Maria Luisa LouisBedrock on A Woman Named Juana & Two Named Maria Luisa sohumlily on A Woman Named Juana & Two Named Maria Luisa RECENT POSTS Justin Trudeau = More Neo-Lib Mediocrity Letters (April 19, 2017) Hitchhiker Blues Insanity’s First Draft My Last Grow ACTIVE NOW Mendocino County Today: Wednesday, April 19, 2017 Mendocino County Today: Tuesday, April 18, 2017 Tim Lincecum’s Pot Bust Scandal Of The Week Mendo Glyphosate Roundup PG&E’s Bogus ‘Mea Culpa’ My Sister Got A Pot Pharm & All I Got Was Assault Charges Mendocino County Today: Monday, April 17, 2017 India Flexes Its Muscle: Part II ARCHIVE April 2017 M T W T F S S « Mar       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 BY MONTH BY MONTH Select Month April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 August 2007 July 2007 May 2007 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 December 2005 May 1990 April 1990 January 1989 Essays Mendocino County Features Anderson Valley Writers About Contact Subscribe Advertise Bookstore Special Series RSS © 2017, ↑ Anderson Valley Advertiser Log in- Posts - Add New -
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Campbell Soup Company, Church & Dwight, Henkel, Nestlé Waters North America, RB, Unilever, and Ocean Spray Join How2Recycle® Label Program. Eight global brands, representing over $72 billion in revenue, announce support of How2Recycle at Walmart’s April 19th Sustainability Milestone Summit. SOURCE: Nestlé in the U.S. DESCRIPTION: CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va., April 19, 2017 /3BL Media/— At the Walmart Sustainability Milestone Summit event today, Campbell Soup Company, Church & Dwight, Henkel, Nestlé Waters North America, RB, and Unilever all announced that they will be joining the How2Recycle® label program to educate consumers how to recycle packaging correctly. “Accurate on-package recycling labels such as the How2Recycle label are critical in helping consumers know how to recycle more, and better,” says Kelly Cramer, who leads the How2Recycle program at Sustainable Packaging Coalition. “Thanks to their leadership in sustainability, more packaging will get recycled to help make the future of the recycling system resilient.” How2Recycle is the only U.S.-based standardized labeling system that communicates recyclability information on package to consumers. How2Recycle is featured on an array of product and packaging types, such as beverages, toys, baby products, pet care products, baking supplies, condiments, and more. The How2Recycle program boasts over 60 brandowner members that represent over $295 billion in sales revenue in North America. The label can be found on thousands of products on shelves today, and tells consumers how to recycle each component of a package, and how they may need to prepare the material for recycling, such as replacing caps on plastic bottles. Walmart has demonstrated measurable influence in the sustainable packaging space in recent months by encouraging brands that sell at its stores to join How2Recycle. In 2016, the retailer announced that it would focus on applying the How2Recycle label to Walmart private label packaging, since the label helps consumers recycle and is a great B2B conversation piece about packaging recyclability. Walmart’s enthusiasm about the importance of communicating packaging recyclability has catalyzed significant industry interest in How2Recycle. Cramer adds, “We look forward to welcoming more brands to the program as the passion for making recycling easy for consumers continues to grow, thanks to members like Walmart.” Nestlé Waters North America, a producer of bottled waters and beverages including Poland Spring, Deer Park, Nestlé Pure Life, Perrier, San Pellegrino, and NESTEA, will be using the How2Recycle label on products in stores across North America. “Recovering plastic bottles that deliver beverages to consumers is one of our highest priorities because failing to do so means plastic ends up in landfills, natural areas and our oceans.  This is not acceptable and we are committed to doing our part to solve the problem,” said Nelson Switzer, Chief Sustainability Officer at Nestlé Waters North America. “We have identified one of the most important levers that can be pulled to increase recovery – teaching people how to recycle.  That’s why we are so inspired by and proud of the Sustainable Packaging Coalition for developing How2Recycle and why we joined this movement. How2Recycle empowers us to empower others to recycle plastic bottles.  We at Nestlé Waters North America challenge all those who produce packaged products to leverage the tools How2Recyle has developed to help keep our lands, waters and oceans clean, clear and healthy.” Henkel, the name behind a wide range of well-known brands such as Dial, Persil, Schwarzkopf, Kenra Professional and Right Guard will be displaying the How2Recycle label on products in stores across North America. “Sustainability is deeply imbedded in Henkel’s DNA and is a key element of our corporate strategy, Henkel 2020+. Henkel is excited to partner with How2Recycle in support of our corporate sustainability objectives and those of our key customers like Walmart,” says Robert Anson, Director of Business Development at Henkel. “Further, the How2Recycle label on our products will increase awareness and facilitate ease of recycling for millions of consumers.” Church & Dwight, the producer of brands such as Arm & Hammer, Nair, Orajel, Trojan, First Response, will be using the label on products in stores across North America. “We are planning to adopt How2Recycle labeling as a key component of our efforts to increase the level of packaging recycling through improved consumer communication,” says Rich McNabb, Global Packaging Director at Church & Dwight. Unilever, the producer of brands such as Degree, Hellmann’s, Dove, Ben & Jerry’s and Vaseline, will be using the label on products in stores across North America. “We are excited to join the How2Recycle program. This is an important education initiative to help make package recycling easier for consumers,” Jonathan Atwood, Vice President Sustainable Business and Communications, Unilever North America. RB, a global leader in consumer health and hygiene and the producer of brands such as Lysol, Durex, Air Wick, Woolite and Mucinex, will be using the label on products in stores across North America.  “Protecting our environment is important to RB as it plays a vital role in helping our consumers enjoy healthier lives and happier homes.  Increasing transparency on packaging materials is one of important ways we can affect positive change with our customers and help empower our consumers to properly recycle our products.” said Frank Hofs, president of RB North America. Campbell Soup Company makes a range of high-quality soups and simple meals, beverages, snacks and packaged fresh foods. Led by its iconic Campbell’s brand, its portfolio includes Pepperidge Farm, Bolthouse Farms, Arnott’s, V8, Swanson, Pace, Prego, Plum, Royal Dansk, Kjeldsens and Garden Fresh Gourmet. “Campbell is committed to doing our part to help increase packaging recycling and the How2Recycle label provides a simplified solution to help close the packaging loop.  Campbell’s Plum brand has been using the label for several years, and now Campbell has joined as an enterprise to support the efforts of How2Recycle as another step along our sustainability and transparency journey,” said Dave Stangis, Vice President Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability, Campbell. Ocean Spray Cranberries, producer of cranberry and grapefruit juices, drinks, fresh fruit, sauce and Craisins® Dried Cranberries “At Ocean Spray, caring for the land runs deep. As a farmer-owned cooperative, we have a long history of providing products straight from the land that our 700+ family farmers care for. Joining How2Recycle is an extension of our commitment to the environment for our cranberry and grapefruit products by improving the communication of recyclability for our consumers.” says Cathy Resler, Head of Global Sustainability at Ocean Spray Cranberries. PepsiCo one of the world’s largest food and beverage companies with a complementary food and beverage portfolio that includes Frito-Lay, Gatorade, Pepsi-Cola, Quaker and Tropicana, expressed its continued support for the program, which is already in use on a range of its products. Roberta Barbieri, PepsiCo’s Vice President for Global Water and Environmental Solutions, commented: “PepsiCo is committed to working with partners to increase packaging recovery and recycling rates. By making it easier for consumers to recycle, labeling programs like How2Recycle play a vital role in achieving this goal. We have already adopted the How2Recycle label on numerous products and are working towards a broader roll-out within the PepsiCo portfolio of brands. This approach is part of PepsiCo’s Performance with Purpose vision to deliver top-tier financial performance over the long-term by integrating sustainability into our business strategy”. ABOUT HOW2RECYCLE The How2Recycle® Label is a U.S.-based standardized labeling system that clearly communicates recycling instructions to the public. How2Recycle is a project of the Sustainable Packaging Coalition®, a membership-based group that brings together business, educational institutions, and government agencies to collectively broaden the understanding of packaging sustainability and develop meaningful improvements for packaging solutions. For more information, follow us on Twitter @How2Recycle or go to our website at www.How2Recycle.info. Tweet me: Eight global brands, representing over $72 billion in revenue, announce support of @How2Recycle http://bit.ly/2o48dZ0 Contact Info: Anne Elsea GreenBlue +1 (434) 202-4847 anne.elsea@greenblue.org KEYWORDS: Environment, Responsible Business & Employee Engagement, Packaging, labels, environment, sustainability, How2Recycle® label program, nestle in the u.s.    CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Podcast: What’s Next for Green Energy? Next PostNext Caribou Cookies Help ‘Bring Back the Wild’ in Northern Alberta Search Recent Posts Global Molecular Diagnostics Market by Technologies, Applications, Growth Trends and Forecast to 2021 Global Mouth Ulcers Drugs Market by Indications, Drug Classes, Formulations, Growth Trends and Forecast to 2021 Global Scopolamine Market Size, Analysis, Competitive Strategies and Forecasts, 2017-2021 – QY Research Groups Worldwide Thymoquinones Market – Global Trends, Market Share, Industry Size, Growth, Opportunities, and Market in US Forecast 2017 Trace State Park Lake Drained for Dam Repairs Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription The Atlantic’s May Issue: Alec Baldwin Gets Under Trump’s Skin Also in the Issue: Franklin Foer on How Mexico Could Get Back at the U.S. and David Frum on the Plan to End Europe Most Popular Why Was Bill O'Reilly Really Fired? Megan Garber Apr 19, 2017 Mexico’s Revenge Franklin Foer Apr 18, 2017 How Late-Night Comedy Fueled the Rise of Trump Caitlin Flanagan Apr 18, 2017 How America’s Coastal Cities Left the Heartland Behind Brian S. Feldman Apr 18, 2016 How Poverty Changes the Brain Tara García Mathewson Apr 19, 2017 Apr 18, 2017 Press Releases Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Washington, D.C. (April 18, 2017)—"Alec Baldwin has become America's deflator in chief, a weekly pinprick in Trump’s balloon,” writes Chris Jones in The Atlantic's May issue, online in full today. The cover story, “Alec Baldwin Gets Under Trump's Skin,” explores comedy, tragedy, and satire in our era of political chaos. Jones, a longtime magazine writer, obtained rare behind-the-scenes access to Saturday Night Live, spending a week on set with Baldwin as he prepared to host the show for a record 17th time—and chronicling his reluctant transformation into his wig-clad, spray-tanned presidential persona. Also in the magazine: Caitlin Flanagan on the conservative backlash being created by late-night comedy; David Frum on Trump’s “teeth-grindedly stupid” plan to end Europe; and Franklin Foer on how Mexico could exact revenge on the U.S. by playing its “China card.” The May issue also includes the annual Money Report, with articles about how online shopping dupes us all and how Walmart is tricking people into saving money. The full issue is online today, April 18, 2017, at TheAtlantic.com and will be on newsstands this week. Several pieces are detailed below. COVER & FEATURES: Alec Baldwin Gets Under Trump’s Skin: Since that first appearance of Alec Baldwin–as–Donald Trump debating Kate McKinnon–as– Hillary Clinton on Saturday Night Live last fall, Baldwin has become a staple of the show, propelling SNL to its most-watched season since 1993. Writer Chris Jones is witness to Baldwin’s transformation, spending a week on set as he prepared to host the show for a record 17th time. His transformation is a reluctant one, because Baldwin says his Trump character “lives on a parallel track with something very regrettable … I never really thought we’d have to go this far, but we do have to have these periodic shocks to the system to remind people again about their role in the process.” Along the way, Jones and Baldwin debate the role of satire and politics, particularly in troubled times. In modern America, we have long taken for granted the idea that our leaders should be able to laugh at themselves. But Trump doesn’t seem able to do that, and Baldwin has become our deflater in chief, a weekly pinprick in the president’s balloon. “If he was smart, he’d show up this week,” Baldwin tells Jones. “It would probably be over. He could end it. If he showed up.” How Late-Night Comedy Alienated Conservatives, Made Liberals Smug, and Fueled the Rise of Trump: Late-night entertainers can hardly be expected to ignore the comedic bounty with which Trump has blessed them; but Caitlin Flanagan argues that they have become an unintended but powerful form of propaganda for conservatives. “No wonder so many of Trump’s followers are inclined to believe only the things that he or his spokespeople tell them directly,” she writes: ”Everyone else on the tube thinks they’re a bunch of Oxy-snorting half-wits who divide their time between retweeting Alex Jones fantasies and ironing out their Klan hoods.” Mexico’s Revenge: President Trump ran a campaign propelled by inflammatory rhetoric toward Mexico, but now America’s southern neighbor could exact its own revenge, pulling a geopolitical lever that could hurt the U.S. very badly. Mexico could align itself with America’s greatest competitor—China. The alarm this would set off is just the sort of thing some Mexicans would now like to provoke. While a tighter Chinese–Mexican relationship would fly in the face of recent economic history, Franklin Foer writes that Trump may have already inadvertently laid the groundwork for this new dynamic. The administration’s hard-line immigration policies could also yield a “grim bonanza” of other consequences. Foer warns: “Unwinding [the U.S.–Mexico] relationship would be ugly and painful, a strategic blunder of the highest order, a gift to America’s enemies, a gaping vulnerability for the homeland that Donald Trump professes to protect, a very messy divorce.” FROM THE MONEY REPORT: How Online Shopping Makes Suckers of Us All: Our ability to know the price of anything, anytime, anywhere has given consumers so much power that retailers are now staring back through the screen. They are comparison shopping us. Jerry Useem goes behind sellers’ now-routine experiments to “find the right price”—that is, the one that will extract the most money from buyers, which, as any savvy online shopper knows, can change by the day or even the hour. In the new world order, prices are never “set” to begin with, having been replaced by something that more closely resembles high-frequency trading on Wall Street. Will you play more for those shoes before 7 p.m.? Would the price tag be different if you lived in the exurbs? The answers: most likely, and yes. This leads Useem to ask a critical question: “Could the internet, whose transparency was supposed to empower consumers, be doing the opposite?” How to Trick People Into Saving Money: Walmart’s MoneyCard Vault is a curious, possibly ingenious, effort to get customers to build up their savings accounts through a prepaid card by offering cash incentives for saving. The MoneyCard Vault, and prepaid cards like it, is squarely aimed at the 67 million American who are “unbanked or underbanked”—a massive group that financial innovators have long ignored, yet could arguably benefit from innovation the most. Rob Walker writes that Walmart’s strategy to offer a large number of frequent payouts to encourage saving plays to instincts to value short-term possibilities higher than long-term gains. A shot at $25 now captures attention in a way that interest earned over years does not. Walmart tells Walker “there was no commercial motive” to help people save. But Walker writes, “Walmart has a real incentive to become the place customers think of when they think of their financial future … That access keeps them loyal to Walmart, and keeps them coming back to its stores.” If people buy what they need, or want, while there—well, that’s business. DISPATCHES: Geopolitics: The Plan to End Europe: According to David Frum, the drama of Team Trump’s strategic revolution in U.S. foreign policy—elevating Russia to a preferred partner—cannot be overstated. Instead of exporting security, the U.S. is suddenly exporting uncertainty. Germans in particular are confronted with the choice of depending on their own strength or relying on an increasingly unreliable protector. In turn, the rest of the Continent could find itself facing an old question: how to live with a Germany that is too rich and strong to be restrained by its neighbors, but not rich or strong enough to protect them. Frum writes that the European Union is threatened now “not by an enemy, but by the narrow-minded, shortsighted bullying of an accidental and unfit American president. Will the story really end this way? … It all seems not only heartrendingly sad, but also teeth-grindingly stupid.” Tech: Apps for Refugees: Amid the overwhelming challenges presented by the global refugee crisis, the tech sector has mobilized in the way it knows best: by developing accessible smartphone apps and other tools to help refugees gather crucial information, reconnect with lost relatives, and establish a legal identity in new countries. Apps like InfoAid provide reliable and up-to-date information on everything from train schedules to the safety of tap water. Basil Leaf Technologies has been at work on DxtER, an app that will use artificial intelligence to diagnose dozens of medical conditions on the spot for those living in refugee camps. And organizations like Refunite have reconnected tens of thousands of family members through mobile platforms. Sketch: Golden State Warrior: California’s new attorney general, Xavier Becerra is in many respects a photo negative of Trump: genial and steady, disciplined and studious. Also unlike Trump, he has spent decades in the political trenches. He appears to enjoy a good political scrap, but he knows how to argue without losing his cool and how to attack without becoming unpleasant. At times, he seems to practically be daring the president to come at California. After spending time with Becerra in Fresno, Michelle Cottle writes that his new job carries considerable risks. But the potential rewards are also considerable: If he succeeds in derailing at least some of the president’s policies, while making others politically costly, Becerra could find himself a Democratic hero. Study of Studies: Puppy Love: Pet spending is on the rise. Last year, Americans spent an estimated $63 billion on their furry family members, according to this month’s Study of Studies. And that’s true even for those who don’t have much money: Millennials are 30 percent more likely than those in other age groups to buy premium pet food. When it comes to health care, spending for pets and humans have closely tracked each other in recent decades. But the investment may be saving us money in the long run. A study of German and Australian health care found that people who were pet owners for at least five years went to the doctor less than others, saving their countries billions. This month’s Big Question asks: What was the most significant environmental catastrophe of all time? Answers from environmentalists, academics, and writers include Deepwater Horizon, the Dust Bowl, and World War II, while others say the worst is yet to come. #### Share Tweet Comments Latest Video One Man's Fight to Bury His Wife With Dignity In a short film, a husband ends up in a legal battle over his wife’s final wishes to be buried in the front yard. Erica Moriarty Apr 19, 2017 Most Popular Presented by Richard Drew / AP Why Was Bill O'Reilly Really Fired? Megan Garber The host’s ouster serves as an object lesson about what happens when morality and money come to a head. Here are some of the things Bill O’Reilly has done, allegedly, to the women he has worked with throughout his two decades at the Fox News Channel: approaching an African American woman whose desk was near his, referring to her as “hot chocolate,” and grunting like a “wild boar” offering multiple unwanted sexual advances and lewd comments to a woman producer on his show, phoning her “when it sounded as if he was masturbating” and describing “various sexual fantasies” suggesting that she “buy a vibrator,” “engage in phone sex or a threesome with him,” and listen to “the details of his alleged sexual encounters with a cabana masseuse, airline stewardesses, and Thai sex-show workers” threatening to make any woman who dared to complain about his behavior “pay so dearly that she’ll wish she’d never been born” Continue Reading Oliver Munday Mexico’s Revenge Franklin Foer By antagonizing the U.S.’s neighbor to the south, Donald Trump has made the classic bully’s error: He has underestimated his victim. When Donald Trump first made sport of thumping Mexico—when he accused America’s neighbor of exporting rapists and “bad hombres,” when he deemed the country such a threat that it should be contained by a wall and so clueless that it could be suckered into paying for its own encasement—its president responded with strange equilibrium. Enrique Peña Nieto treated the humiliation like a meteorological disturbance. Relations with the United States would soon return to normal, if only he grinned his way through the painful episode. In August, Peña Nieto invited Trump to Mexico City, based on the then-contrarian notion that Trump might actually become president. Instead of branding Trump a toxic threat to Mexico’s well-being, he lavished the Republican nominee with legitimacy. Peña Nieto paid a severe, perhaps mortal, reputational cost for his magnanimity. Before the meeting, former President Vicente Fox had warned Peña Nieto that if he went soft on Trump, history would remember him as a “traitor.” In the months following the meeting, his approval rating plummeted, falling as low as 12 percent in one poll—which put his popularity on par with Trump’s own popularity among Mexicans. The political lesson was clear enough: No Mexican leader could abide Trump’s imprecations and hope to thrive. Since then, the Mexican political elite has begun to ponder retaliatory measures that would reassert the country’s dignity, and perhaps even cause the Trump administration to reverse its hostile course. With a presidential election in just over a year—and Peña Nieto prevented by term limits from running again—vehement responses to Trump are considered an electoral necessity. Memos outlining policies that could wound the United States have begun flying around Mexico City. These show that Trump has committed the bully’s error of underestimating the target of his gibes. As it turns out, Mexico could hurt the United States very badly. Continue Reading Kristian Hammerstad How Late-Night Comedy Fueled the Rise of Trump Caitlin Flanagan Sneering hosts have alienated conservatives and made liberals smug. A month after the election, Trevor Noah, the host of The Daily Show, published an op‑ed in The New York Times that sought to position himself and his show as instruments of healing in a broken land. It was called “Let’s Not Be Divided, Divided People Are Easier to Rule,” and it zapped around progressives’ inboxes and Facebook feeds like a digital balm of Gilead. It was a reminder that we were not, in those fevered early weeks, being our best selves: “Instead of speaking in measured tones about what unites us, we are screaming at each other about what divides us.” How true that was, and—one might churlishly observe—what a sea change from Noah’s tone during the campaign, when he berated the Republican candidate for tweeting with “those fat little tiny fingers of yours” and for trying to think with “that stupid head,” and when he advised the candidate that “maybe you should look in the mirror, asshole.” Continue Reading Jeff Roberson / AP How America’s Coastal Cities Left the Heartland Behind Brian S. Feldman St. Louis and other Midwestern hubs prospered for much of the 20th century. Then lawmakers in Washington quietly changed the rules of the economy. The people of St. Louis weren’t really surprised when, on January 12, the National Football League announced its decision to let E. Stanley Kroenke, the owner of the St. Louis Rams, move his team to Los Angeles. Kroenke had long signaled his intentions, and L.A.’s media market beckoned as the nation’s second largest. Moving the team meant more revenue for the league, and therefore more money in owners’ pockets. And that, as serious football fans know, is the point. The NFL isn’t a charity. It’s a legally sanctioned cartel that strictly limits the number of franchises in order to maximize the value of each. St. Louis simply was losing another round in the NFL’s long-running game of profit-maximizing musical chairs. Indeed, the city originally had lured the Rams from Los Angeles in 1995 after losing a bidding war that sent the previous hometown football team, the St. Louis Cardinals, to Phoenix in 1988. Continue Reading Alastair Grant / AP How Poverty Changes the Brain Tara García Mathewson The early results out of a Boston nonprofit are positive. You saw the pictures in science class—a profile view of the human brain, sectioned by function. The piece at the very front, right behind where a forehead would be if the brain were actually in someone’s head, is the pre-frontal cortex. It handles problem-solving, goal-setting, and task execution. And it works with the limbic system, which is connected and sits closer to the center of the brain. The limbic system processes emotions and triggers emotional responses, in part because of its storage of long-term memory. When a person lives in poverty, a growing body of research suggests the limbic system is constantly sending fear and stress messages to the prefrontal cortex, which overloads its ability to solve problems, set goals, and complete tasks in the most efficient ways. Continue Reading U.S. Navy via Reuters How Did the Trump Administration Lose an Aircraft Carrier? David A. Graham The White House said the USS Carl Vinson was headed for North Korea as it sailed the opposite direction—the latest example of a communications failure inside the executive branch. A certain amount of unpredictability is a virtue in foreign policy. When one’s adversaries—and perhaps one’s allies—don’t know precisely what a country will do, it gives that country a little extra power in the relationship. Like all virtues, it turns into a vice when used in excess. Donald Trump, Fred Kaplan recently argued, offers an extreme test of Richard Nixon’s “madman theory,” the Vietnam-era approach of letting enemies think Nixon might really be insane and do anything. As my colleague Kathy Gilsinan wrote last week, the hazards of this approach are on display in the latest American standoff with North Korea—a contest between two leaders who delight in bellicose rhetoric and erratic action. “When two leaders each habitually bluster and exaggerate, there’s a higher likelihood of making a catastrophic mistake based on a bad guess,” she wrote, including the threat of nuclear war. Even for those who espouse unpredictability, the presumption is that at least the putative madman has some sense what’s going on, even if no one else does. The point is the appearance of unpredictability, not true chaos. Continue Reading Jonathan Ernst / Reuters Jason Chaffetz's Abrupt Exit McKay Coppins The House Oversight chairman announced on Wednesday that he won’t seek another term in Congress, surprising even close political allies. Representative Jason Chaffetz shocked politicos from Utah to Washington Wednesday with a surprise announcement that he would not seek reelection next year.   The Utah congressman, who serves as chairman of the House Oversight Committee, is a high-profile figure in the GOP—a media-savvy lawmaker viewed by many party leaders as a rising star. But he has also been a target of fierce grassroots opposition in recent months, as critics accuse him of allowing partisan hypocrisy to hinder his role as a designated Trump watchdog. Earlier this year, he made national headlines when he was booed off stage by angry constituents at a town hall in his district, and since then activists have donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to various efforts to unseat him. Continue Reading slalit/Flickr How Birth Season Affects Personality Olga Khazan A new study finds that people born in summer are more prone to mood swings, while those born in winter tend to be less irritable. Horoscopes are perhaps the original guilty pleasure. For every culture throughout history that believed our fates hinge on our zodiac signs, there was a skeptic calling B.S. The Arab theologian Ibn al-Qayyim was questioning the validity of astrological methods way back in the 13th century. Still, horoscopes can’t seem to die, tucked into the back pages of newspapers and dredged up by That One Aunt after the dessert cocktails at Thanksgiving. (“You’re a Gemini, you should should really put yourself out there this month.”) If anything, they serve as more of a hedge than a doctrine—the rabbit’s foot of belief systems. “Millionaires don't use astrology,” JP Morgan, the king of hedging, once said. “Billionaires do.” Continue Reading Andrew Hetherington Alec Baldwin Gets Under Trump’s Skin Chris Jones Comedy and tragedy in an age of political chaos 点击这里阅读中文版本 | Read this article in Chinese. Alec Baldwin collapses onto his dressing-room couch at Saturday Night Live like a man participating too enthusiastically in a trust fall. He is 58 years old. He has three children under 4. He has been dividing what’s left of his time between filming a movie with Emilio Estevez in Cincinnati and answering the call from NBC whenever it comes, which, because of his now-signature portrayal of Donald Trump, has been many weeks this season. His appearances gather eyes like car accidents; some clips have been watched on YouTube more than 20 million times. Those legions of viewers have formed a kind of makeshift resistance, a community of the gaslit, together feeling a little less crazy for knowing that at least Alec Baldwin can see what they are seeing. Turning the president into a running joke might prove the most consequential work of his career. It’s at least been the most consuming. Continue Reading Wikimedia Commons Nobel Prize-Winning Economist: We're Headed for Oligarchy Rebecca J. Rosen Robert Solow on powerful families’ threat to democratic institutions. In a recent interview at the Economic Policy Institute, Nobel Prize-Winning economist and MIT professor Robert Solow riffed on the political effects of increasing inequality and concentration of wealth at the very top. "If that kind of concentration of wealth continues, then we get to be more and more an oligarchical country, a country that's run from the top," he said. Solow's sentiments echo a point he made earlier this week in his review of Thomas Piketty's book in The New Republic. (Solow, it should be noted, is not the only Nobel Prize-winning economist to use the o-word in discussing Piketty's work.) Having examined and explained the trends Piketty identifies, Solow turns his attention to the possible measures that could be taken to ameliorate the inequality, and rejigger the system to favor merit over inheritance. Piketty, Solow says, favors an annual, global progressive tax on wealth, such that the benefits of a growing economy could be more widely felt. Continue Reading 'I've Done Horrible Things for Dope' Katherine Wells A haunting documentary about a West Virginia town plagued by painkiller addiction Watch Video Barack Obama Is Okay With the Criticism Jackie Lay and Ta-Nehisi Coates The former president explains what it’s like to be both a person and a symbol. Watch Video Oregon's Invisible Beauty Nadine Ajaka A stunning time-lapse captures the landscape under infrared light. Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Wednesday, April 19, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Carbon County court Wednesday, April 19, 2017 By Den McLaughlin dmclaughlin@tnonline.com Five defendants in pending criminal cases entered guilty pleas before Carbon County Judge Joseph J. Matika. Thomas Peter Grabko, 27, of Kunkletown, pleaded to one count of retail theft. He was arrested on May 15, 2016, by Mahoning Township police at the Walmart store. He was placed on probation for a year and ordered to render 50 hours of community service, make restitution to Walmart for $49.83, and stay out of the store. Valerie April Weston, 33, of Weatherly, pleaded to one count each of theft and possession of drug paraphernalia. She was charged by Weatherly police for taking $300 in cash and jewelry from the residence of Rochelle Coll, 311 Second St., on or about March 3 while she was staying there. The drug count stems from when she was arrested on the theft charge and found with the paraphernalia. Matika placed her on probation for a year on each count, running concurrently, and ordered her to render 50 hours of community service, make restitution of the $300 to the victim, get a drug and alcohol evaluation and follow any recommendations for treatment, zero tolerance for drug and alcohol use and have no contact with the victim. She is currently an inmate in the Luzerne County prison on other criminal charges. Catherine Veronica Hayes, 53, of Lake Harmony, pleaded to one count of false reports to law enforcement. She was arrested on April 29, 2015, by Kidder Township police, who responded to the Lake Harmony area for a reported assault. On scene Hayes told police she had been assaulted. Police arrested the person Hayes accused, but at the preliminary hearing for the man, she admitted the report was false. She was previously placed in the county’s Accelerated Rehabilitation Disposition probation program, but was revoked for violating conditions. Matika placed her on probation for six months. Megan M. Welsh, 24, of Lansford, pleaded to one count of persistent disorderly conduct. She was arrested on Nov. 30, 2013, by Mahoning Township police for an incident at the Walmart store. A charge of retail theft was dropped in a plea bargain. Matika placed her on probation for a year and ordered her to render 50 hours of community service and to stay out of the store. Karen Renee Maisonet, 42, of Lansford, pleaded to one count of persistent disorderly conduct. She was arrested on Feb. 3, 2016, in the area of 160 W. Abbott St., where police responded to a hit-and-run accident report. At the scene while police were investigating the crash report, Maisonet caused a disturbance. She was placed on probation for six months and ordered to render 25 hours of community service. Each defendant must also pay court costs of about $1,000 and a $50 per month supervision fee while on probation or parole. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Fired O'Reilly's name is ERASED from his Fox show as deadpan fill-in host Dana Perino spends just a MINUTE saying goodbye to the 'undisputed king of cable news' after his 20 years at network Fight for Aaron's millions: The families of Hernandez's victims go to war over his estate - including a $3.5m Patriots bonus - as Odin Lloyd's mom says the NFL star's suicide was 'another form of justice' Bill Gates warns biological terror attack could wipe out 30 million people and be more destructive than a nuclear attack Prince's new album is pulled from iTunes as the late singer's estate tries to block release of previously unheard music Iran nuclear deal has 'failed' says Tillerson - and he raises prospect of Trump administration scuttle treaty with the ayatollahs completely 'Bill likes to put up dirty pictures and ask pretty girls to talk about them': Ex Fox analyst reveals new Bill O'Reilly allegations and says Roger Ailes told her 'he makes so much money there's nothing I can do' Silent partner: How Lachlan Murdoch's wife Sarah 'convinced him and Rupert to fire Bill O'Reilly' 'We part ways due to completely unfounded claims': Defiant Bill O'Reilly issues statement insisting he did NOTHING wrong and wishes Fox News 'the best' after being fired after Murdoch sons turn on him Two NEW women accuse Bill O'Reilly of harassment hours after he is formally fired from Fox News The new king of prime time: Tucker Carlson to get O'Reilly's 8pm slot just THREE months after taking over from Megyn Kelly EXCLUSIVE - Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left a message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead of a prescription drug overdose Couple caught having sex on the beach near Mar-a-Lago by Coast Guard crew patrolling the area while Trump was in town CIA launches manhunt for Wikileaks leaker who exposed how the agency spies on smartphones, smart televisions and computer systems  Husband insists pioneering African American judge did NOT commit suicide and asks for help solving the mystery of her 'suspicious' death Defiant Ann Coulter says she WILL speak at Berkeley after her appearance was cancelled over fears of violence in wake of huge brawl between anti-Trump protesters and his supporters Parents' fury as their ten-year-old son is kicked off overbooked Air Canada flight WITHOUT them - forcing them to give up their own seats and drive hundreds of miles to catch another flight for dream vacation Swapping nude photos in the Navy and Marine Corps is now a crime after revenge porn Facebook group scandal Police pay a mystery visit to Richard Simmons' home just hours after he spoke out for the first time in three YEARS to say he had been hospitalized for indigestion How does he do that? Strongman shows amazing strength with one-armed push-ups but then... Former crack addict who claims Seattle mayor paid him $10 for sex on the street comes forward after he was accused of being a liar SeaWorld's last ever killer whale? Baby orca born in captivity in Texas could be the last one to be kept at the park after outrage at Blackfish documentary EXCLUSIVE: The distraught lookalike brother of Aaron Hernandez is seen leaving his mother's home in the wake of the former Patriots player's suicide Aaron Hernandez's lawyer suggests the disgraced NFL player was murdered as former agent says there was 'absolutely no chance' he would have taken his own life The spectacular rise and fall of Aaron Hernandez: How a boy from a loving family threw away his incredible talent to live like a gangster after going off the rails when his father died Previous Next Brazen thief attempts to wheel a full cart of groceries out of Walmart before making a run when she is stopped by staff Police in Missouri are on the lookout for a Walmart shopper who tried to leave the store with a cart full of goods CCTV footage reveals a blonde in her thirties pushing the packed shopping cart She is stopped by a plainclothes loss prevention officer The woman abandons her attempt and leaves the cart in the middle of the exit Staff members failed to obtain her license plate as she sped away By James Gordon For Dailymail.com Published: 11:16 EDT, 19 April 2017 | Updated: 14:42 EDT, 19 April 2017 e-mail 19 shares 36 View comments A supermarket shopper made a run for it after an attempt to wheel an entire cartload of goods out of a Missouri Walmart store was foiled. Surveillance footage captured the moment the brazen would-be thief tried to push her way past a female loss prevention officer in plainclothes and a Walmart staff member who chased her to the exit. The woman appeared focused on her attempt to haul the items back to her car.  The woman tried to leave with a cartload of goods without paying at a Missouri Walmart The encounter only lasted a matter of seconds, but the thief continues to attempt to push past the staff members who are standing in her way. Upon realizing that she has no chance of getting by, she ends up abandoning the cart in the doorway of the store and makes a run for it. She ended up getting into her car and driving off before staff managed to note the number of her license plate.  Authorities said the woman has since been identified after police received a number of tip-offs, however no charges have yet been filed and she had not been named. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Hunt for subway thief who cuts riders' clothes to steal... Monkey business: Mother chimp makes her own hole in a stolen... Share this article Share A member of staff ran after her, left, while the woman in yellow is a plain clothes loss prevention officer who was determined not to let her get past The woman finally gives up her attempt to make off with the items, however staff members were unable to obtain her license plate before she fled Share or comment on this article e-mail 19 shares Most watched News videos Farmer gives very 'country' account of car crash and bee attack Players in disbelief as sex noises halt tennis match Irish woman's shocking racist rant against Indian passenger North Korean performance shows simulated bombing of US city Man shows 'incredible strength' to pull off one-armed push-ups 'Will my kids be okay?': PTSD sufferer asks Prince William Brutal footage shows bouncer punching woman in the face Former Patriot Aaron Hernandez found hanging in his prison cell AFL player receives awkward massage from female physio Dramatic moment drinker attacks landlady in pub beer garden 'Need some help?': Gronk crashes Spicer's press briefing Moment Two-year-old gets emotional when listening to opera Revealed: Disgraced Patriots star Aaron Hernandez may... The sad life of Shayanna Jenkins: Widowed without being... Aaron Hernandez 'wrote bible verse John 3:16 on his... North Korea wipes out US city with massive nuclear... 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William... 'We part ways due to completely unfounded claims':... Factory worker sticks a 1.6ft long eel into his anus... The spectacular rise and fall of Aaron Hernandez: How a... Inside the ghost town in North Korean built by South... Mother-of-four, 36, killed herself after she lost custody... Theresa May warns Britain about a 'coalition of chaos'... Bottoms up! 'The Flying Bum' - the world's biggest... Surgeon who cut off four-year-old's penis while carrying... Italy's 'orgy island' where Marquis would hold wild... NFL stars and Snoop Dogg slammed by fans for their... That’s not what we meant by love-all! Crunch tennis match... Enormous iceberg 50ft taller than the one that sank the... Theresa May hints at mass clearout of Cameron's legacy:... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 36 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Frmer Desperate Housewives actress  Busting for date night! Jessica Simpson puts her cleavage on show in plunging maxi dress for dinner with Eric Johnson She put her assets on display  'March for climate, jobs, and justice': Supermodel Gisele posts an anti-Trump tweet as husband Brady skips Patriots team visit to the White House  What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman  My, how you've changed: Elsa Pataky, 40, is barely recognizable as retro photos show the Fate Of The Furious star's transformation 'It was a choice': Food Network star Ina Garten says she didn't have kids in order to live life the way she wanted to Jointly agreed early on in their relationship EXCLUSIVE - Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left a message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead  'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together Former OC star 'I've never been so angry': Fuming Kris Jenner confronts ex husband Caitlyn after reading manuscript of her tell-all memoir in preview of KUWTK The photographer First Lady: Melania Trump's artsy snaps of Central Park, risque selfies and portraits of her 'two champions' Donald and Barron before she went quiet on social media Chest amazing! Demi Lovato slips into yet another plunging swimsuit as she shows off her curvy figure Cool For The Summer singer  So in love! Gorgeous Zoe Saldana looks smitten as she cuddles husband Marco Perego at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Los Angeles Becoming a blended family! Jennifer Lopez posts heartwarming photo of daughter Emme and new boyfriend Alex Rodriguez' daughter Natasha on Instagram Specs appeal! Rihanna arrives at LAX wearing bizarre white-framed shades for flight out of Los Angeles The Love On the Brain singer  Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her Police pay a mystery visit to Richard Simmons' home just hours after he spoke out for the first time in three YEARS to say he had been hospitalized for indigestion  Home for the holidays! Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright celebrate the end of this season of Vanderpump Rules with a family vacation In Tarpon Springs, Florida All bundled up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons two wintry coats for filming of HBO hit Divorce in NYC A quick change on set in the Big Apple Sylvester Stallone and wife Jennifer hit Guardians Of The Galaxy premiere with their three knockout daughters Played Rocky Balboa Ivanka Trump returns to the White House for first day back from Canadian ski getaway - after the family arrives home early in the morning Got her party face on! Demi Moore wears minimal makeup but gets very animated at the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash She is 54 Matching cleavage! Christie Brinkley, 63, and lookalike daughter Sailor, 18, flaunt model figures in contrasting outfits at NYC event The former supermodel All that glitters! Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown as she attends Harper's Bazaar bash in New York A shining star Date night! Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn look loved up as ever at the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere  The 66-year-old actor and his 71-year-old love  Woah baby! Serena Williams reveals she's 20 weeks pregnant with first child (and even managed Australian grand slam win during first trimester)  Chris Pratt shares sweet kiss with Anna Faris at premiere of Guardians Of The Galaxy... after she posts shirtless snap of him preparing for big night Chatting with one of the Girls? Lena Dunham shows off her pert posterior in leggings as she takes phone call in LA She's toned up Tough headmistress Nicole Kidman tries to kill Colin Farrell after he seduces Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning in new trailer for The Beguiled Upcoming Civil War thriller 'I Am Heath Ledger' documentary set to premiere in the late actor's hometown of Perth ahead of one-week ONLY cinema release in Australia 'Oiled up': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiance Kayla Rae Reid shows off bare bump as she applies cream to belly while wearing sports bra and panties 'I just can't!' Madonna shares sweet snap of her twins hugging as son David bonds with his new sister Her adopted children are her Ray Of Light Casual couple! LeAnn Rimes pairs black cropped t-shirt with quirky jumpsuit for stroll through LAX with Eddie Cibrian They married six years ago  Her wild side! Sarah Paulson rocks leopard print coat at Broadway opening of The Little Foxes The People v. O.J. Simpson star  Jennifer Garner's husband Bryan Cranston goes missing in chilling trailer for new drama Wakefield She plays Diana Wakefield Kelly Bensimon wows in sparkly magenta dress and gold belt at Food Bank fundraiser in NYC  She is a former Real Housewives of New York 'I found my husband to be at this same location two years ago!' Shanina Shaik cosies up to fiancé DJ Ruckus at Coachella's Neon Carnival as they celebrate anniversary No Deliverance! Prince's new album pulled from iTunes as the late singer's estate tries to block release of previously unheard music Dream Girl! Jennifer Hudson shows off her fabulous figure in tiny mini-dress at Clive Davis film premiere in New York City On the red carpet Any shade will do! Fifty Shades Of Grey star Dakota Johnson shields eyes from the sun as she flaunts lithe figure in yoga gear She is the star of Fifty Shades Of Gray Ladds night out! Charlie's Angel's star Cheryl enjoys night out at Hollywood premiere with her lookalike daughter Hitting the town Green goddess! Kate Bosworth is a serene beauty at National Geographic upfronts in New York City At Jazz at Lincoln Center in the Big Apple 'There are days where I feel completely off my rocker': Kelly Rowland reveals she meditates and prays as she juggles her family and career life ahead of The Voice That's a close call! Bella Hadid almost flashes her underwear as she climbs into car wearing tiny retro mini and tights following night out in London Bride's fairytale wedding gown sparks a social media frenzy and becomes the most liked wedding dress EVER on Instagram... so would YOU wear it? A for effort! Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson and Lucy Hale embrace their dark style sides as they promote the final season of Pretty Little Liars New romance? Halle Berry smiles on date with mystery man... but it's all for a photo shoot The 50-year-old actress was seen Wednesday wearing a large brown hat  Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill Bared some skin Gabby so-leaps! Eva Longoria shows off her fab figure as she dives into the pool on Hawaiian getaway Said on Snapchat she 'wasn't going to post anything on vacation' Charlize Theron reveals she tries to never leave home for 'more than a week' due to children... and says she is like 'any other single working mum' 'Everyone f***s things up': Actress Elizabeth Debicki opens up about the vulnerability she suffers as says she's tired of 'boring' comparisons to Cate Blanchett PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway after partying at Coachella  Victoria and David Beckham hid under a sheet to help him dodge the cameras as she gets her OBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace  Settling into fatherhood! Jeff Lewis shares video of daughter Monroe... after revealing Kim Zolciak has been 'most supportive' celebrity pal Amy Schumer struts her stuff in black gym shorts and plunging white tank on a power walk in West Hollywood The comedienne went make-up free  Fab in florals! Tyra Banks is radiant in colorful pantsuit at star-studded TV event...as she is confirmed for Life-Size sequel Yes, Wills and Harry have suffered. But will the public respect a king who lets his emotions all hang out, asks STEPHEN GLOVER They have been very frank Pippa's fiance pulls out of his brother's TV venture: James Matthews quits his position as director of production company She's preparing to wed 'I'm not just going to palm him off': Actress Teresa Palmer on why she won't hire a nanny as she gushes about the 'profound love' she feels as a mum Hacksaw Ridge actress No comment! Olivia de Havilland hasn't watched FX's Feud and objects 'in principle' to dramatising Joan Crawford and Bette Davis rivalry 'It's going to be a scarier version': Chris Pratt teases the storyline behind upcoming sequel Jurassic World 2 Fans await its sequel 'It's hard to talk about': Lea Michele reveals she almost didn't include song about Cory Monteith on her new album New album Places 'Surreal': Chris Pratt shares behind-the-scenes picture of the making of his Hollywood Walk Of Fame star He is 37 Purple Rain leak! The secret bonus track list for the deluxe reissue of late pop star Prince's iconic album is out ...seven weeks before its release 'I love the big guy!' Australian singer Delta Goodrem continues to fuel romance rumours with The Voice co-star Seal  He's Heidi Klum's ex Baby on board! Katherine Heigl slips on motorcycle jacket and jeans for flight out of LAX with four-month-old son Joshua Jr. Ex Grey's Anatomy star 'Fascinating in every way': Fixer Upper's Chip Gaines raves about wife Joanna on her 39th birthday The HGTV star posted a picture of his wife  Caitlyn Jenner steps out after revealing she wasn't 'entirely comfortable' having sex with wife Kris during 24 year marriage Spilled bedroom secrets Flipping great news! Olympic gymnast Carly Patterson reveals that she is pregnant with her first 'miracle' child, after 'struggling for quite some time' to conceive 'Harry is a hero': Duchess of Cambridge praises 'brilliant' brother-in-law for speaking up about his mental health struggles after Diana's death Something for Miley? Liam Hemsworth cuts a casual figure in jeans and Lumberjack shirt as runs errands in Los Angeles  Had his hands full Tina Arena, 49, reflects on four decades in music and says she would warn her younger self that 'everybody has a hidden agenda' She's the Australian singing legend Beaming Lisa Snowdon dazzles in flirty frilled blouse as she cosies up to dashing fiancé George Smart at star-studded art gallery bash George Clooney's ex The Timberlakes take Manhattan! Justin goes incognito in black outfit as wife Jessica Biel cradles son Silas... after snapping up $27.5m pad in NYC 'There's a baby cooking up in there!': Survivor star Caleb Reynolds announces pregnancy with wife Ashley Jay via sweet Twitter snaps Who's that curl? How Meghan Markle's latest flowing, curly hairstyle makes her look more like Kate than ever The similarities were striking Producer of The Hangover and We're the Millers JC Spink is found dead at his Hollywood home at the age of 45 Producer of The Hangover trilogy 'A lot of people use him to enhance their profile': Chris Brown's lawyer accuses Karrueche Tran of lying about abuse to garner more fame He's Rhianna's ex The new king of prime time: Tucker Carlson to get O'Reilly's 8pm slot just THREE months after taking over for Megyn Kelly at 9 All change 'He was pushed to be a heartthrob': Heath Ledger's childhood friend says the late actor 'refused' to be type-cast as a Hollywood leading man  From Gaga's rainbow mani to Vanessa Hudgens' crystal-adorned look: Get inspired for your next salon visit by the coolest nail art spotted at Coachella Javier Bardem smolders on the cover of Esquire magazine as he opens up about his marriage to Penelope Cruz Revealing all KATIE HOPKINS: I'm sorry but I LIKE my Royals calm, cold and ever-so-slightly-heartless - not oversharing their issues like a talk show guest  'I've never kissed another man in my life!' Celine Dion reveals it is 'definitely too soon' to start dating again following the death of her husband Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal   Romantic date night  Conjuring up some magic? Will Smith 'in talks to take on the late Robin Williams' role as the Genie' in Disney's live-action remake of Aladdin Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA The 35-year-old flaunted her bump  'I thought she was editing it out!' Nicki Minaj is SLAMMED for leaving Westminster Bridge footage in new No Frauds music video... shot the day before terror attack Khloe Kardashian rocks track pants after visiting Tristan Thompson...as it's claimed she is 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over new tell-all book 'He's funny... and has a big c***': Heather Locklear crudely reveals the appeal of ex David Spade amid his romance with Naya Rivera White House stalker who went to Malia Obama's internship and begged her to marry him and even pretended to be BLIND to follow her is detained  Get ready beauty lovers! Kylie Jenner gives her fans a sneak peek at new KKW make-up collaboration with sister Kim Kardashian  Newly single Mel B wows in a striped blue dress as she steps out for meeting... after it's revealed star will join Spice Girls reunion following marriage split  'Thank god I was born in 1981': Nicole Richie says she's grateful social media wasn't around during her teens and 20s when she battled addiction  Showing him what he's missing! Mariah Carey, 47, flaunts her generous chest in low-cut LBD after split from beau Bryan Tanaka, 34 Showed off her assets  Things working out? Hilary Duff shows off toned legs in skintight leggings as she exercises with (and stares adoringly at) ex Jason Walsh Melissa George, 40, looks radiant and refreshed as she steps out for dinner in Paris amid bitter custody battle with ex partner Jean-David Blanc Travel in style! FEMAIL talks to the designers behind Away - a Suki Waterhouse approved luggage brand - on how to pack a suitcase properly Jon Hamm's kidnapper divorces the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt in new season three trailer The 46-year-old Mad Men alum  Show me the money! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is 'asking HGTV for $1 MILLION per season' to keep her... and she wants ex Tarek 'dumped' Yankees legend Derek Jeter and ex-Florida Governor Jeb Bush 'team up to bid for the Miami Marlins who are on sale for over $1.5billion' Netty...but nice! Famous In Love star Bella Thorne rocks fishnet body suit with crop top and pants at promo event Talked up new series Doting dad! Ben Affleck steps out with son Samuel... after it's revealed Jennifer Garner 'waited to file for divorce until after his rehab stint' Getting her smile back: Billie Lourd is cheered up by beau Taylor Lautner as she puts on a leggy display during shopping trip Looked playful Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian are 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over tell-all book while Kendall and Kylie are 'in tears' over certain 'surprises' 'Knowing you care has made me feel better': Richard Simmons speaks out for the first time in three YEARS after his hospitalization for indigestion Wearing her heart on her shirt! Jennifer Lopez declares she's 'blind for love' while out for dinner with Alex Rodriguez in Miami Pair look smitten   My mini me! Jenna Dewan enjoys girls' day out with daughter Everly The actress and her daughter, who turns four next month, enjoyed some bonding time  Ready to mingle? Brad Pitt 'has been dating a bit' just six months after split with Angelina Jolie The 53-year-old actor is reportedly getting out and being social  Had your feast of Easter eggs? Turn them into a face mask! FEMAIL looks at the recipes that will keep you glowing including white chocolate body butter Happy birthday sweetie! Katie Holmes unveils three cakes for daughter Suri's 11th birthday party... while Tom Cruise jets around Europe Out of this world! Gigi Hadid wears NASA cap with oversized sweats on casual solo outing in New York Covered up on a solo outing in the Big Apple Strike a pose! Sports Illustrated beauty Ashley Graham flashes her cleavage and shapely legs in slinky LBD for New York photo shoot Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her blossoming bump in a jumpsuit on Instagram... just a day after celebrating her 30th birthday 'I didn't want to fail this child!': Katherine Heigl says she deliberated for nine months before naming son after husband Joshua Kelley 'The Internet is not nice!': Blake Lively reveals she stopped Googling herself because haters pushed her into 'full depression' Doesn't want to see it  'Double trouble': Alexa Chung wears playful slogan T-shirt with oversized fluffy jacket and cropped jeans as she touches down in LA  She's a fashionista  Prince's estate sues his long-time sound engineer over planned release of six unheard tracks from the late singer, citing 'theft and misappropriation' Disgraced former NFL star Aaron Hernandez kills himself in prison days after the convicted killer was acquitted of double murder  Found dead in his cell NFL stars and Snoop Dogg slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison  Tom Brady cancels White House visit celebrating Super Bowl  after Aaron Hernandez commits suicide - then says he is 'celebrating his parents' anniversary  Ronnie Wood's ex Jo is left 'furious' after she was thrown off an overbooked flight on her way home from Easter break  On vacation in Spain Sylvester Stallone's three daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit Harper by Harper's BAZAAR Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price' Hourglass shape Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle Richard Simmons 'used disguises and a cane to go shopping at local mall' despite reports he hasn't left his Hollywood Hills home in three years 'Claustrophobia rocks!' Josh Brolin begins pre-production for Deadpool 2 with face cast as Cable Plays a mutant with a bionic arm The feud rages on! Matt Damon is kicked off a United Airlines flight by Jimmy Kimmel in new spoof The made-for-TV war continued  Standing up to an icon! Nicole Richie, 5ft1in, climbs on coffee table to match 6ft9in Magic Johnson's height backstage at The Ellen Show Rita Ora flaunts her nipple pasties as she goes braless under semi-sheer gold bodysuit while dancing up a storm in VERY racy video Revealed: Jennifer Garner 'didn't file for divorce from Ben until AFTER he got out of rehab' because she wanted to minimize his 'struggle' Nicki Minaj puts on a very buxom display as she romps with a shirtless model in teaser for her dark new video Regret In Your Tears 'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ The 57-year-old NBA legend has a great father-son bond   Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before starring in first international fashion campaign Irina Shayk reveals her jaw-dropping post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth to their first child Julia Roberts receives People Magazine's World's Most Beautiful accolade for a record FIFTH time... and jokes about beating pal George Clooney Louvre it or leave it? Bella Hadid drowns her svelte physique in a baggy camouflage jumpsuit as she arrives in London by train from Paris  Pregnant Bristol Palin posts throwback video of Down syndrome brother Trig in honor of his ninth birthday, while their mom posts a snap of him with a cupcake Treating herself: Gemma Arterton keeps it casual yet chic as she hits the boutiques of Paris in a tweed jacket and skinny jeans Enjoying down time  Turkish trolls tank the new Christian Bale film 'The Promise' on IMDB with one-star reviews before it's even released in attempt to discredit the Armenian genocide Brooklyn Beckham cuts a casual figure in a flat cap as he larks about with his pals while his mother Victoria receives her OBE at Buckingham Palace Jaime King wears 'Refugees Welcome' T-shirt to shop with her two sons and nanny in Beverly Hills Actress made a humanitarian statement 'I love him and I miss him': New dad Liam Payne speaks about fatherhood for the first time in Los Angeles as he admits his young son is 'doing good' Courting attention? Australian model Skye Wheatley bares her bronzed derriere and sizeable sideboob in a G-string swimsuit as she hits the tennis court Bikini-clad Ola Jordan puts on another scintillating display as she poses for busty selfies during romantic break in the Maldives with husband James  'There is no way she's going to leave the country with a newborn': New mum Cheryl will NOT be making her post-baby red carpet return at Cannes  'I was totally a fish out of water' The Hunger Games' Sam Claflin reveals he struggled to transition from life as a football player to starring in blockbusters Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama The Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family  'I was a really tragic 13-year-old': Kate Beckinsale shares cringy postcard from her childhood crush Rob Lowe 'proposing marriage' Start your engines! Lady Gaga passionately kisses Bradley Cooper on a motorcyle as they film racy scenes for A Star Is Born Things got steamy 'Animal loving' fashion designer, 48, who dressed Rhianna and Kanye West is fined $5,120 after he admits selling skulls and shells of endangered animals Bella Hadid flashes her abs as she steps out in quirky blue corduroy tracksuit for afternoon jaunt in Paris Caught the eye of many in French capital Hands-on mother! Elsa Pataky dotes on precious daughter India Rose at L'Oréal hair care launch Chris Hemsworth's wife was in Sydney Bella Thorne shows off her pierced nipple in a see-through top as she poses for a sizzling social media snap Showed off her many piercings Hailey Baldwin looks effortlessly stylish in mismatched lemon coat and denim shorts as she recovers from long weekend at Coachella in Beverly Hills Lara Stone displays her ample assets as she strips off for daring Love magazine topless shoot Tantalising tangerine stickers were used to cover her nipples Harry's little helper! Prince and an adorable young fan open the London Marathon Expo in his first appearance since mental health revelations 'The flu can be an amazing diet!' Grateful Kim Kardashian credits recent illness for helping her lose 6Ibs ahead of the annual Met Gala That worked out well 'My FAT driver is questioning if I am healthy': Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol, as size 22 star vows to boycott  Just peachy! Rose Byrne looks radiant in a vibrant orange frock and striped bustier as she waves at fans outside CBS Morning Show studios Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid  EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she'll have to spend every dollar on chemo!'  Minnie Driver's bitter neighbor, 75, loses vicious legal battle to knock down wall  'It would kill me': Elsa Pataky says she dreads having nude photos of herself leaked by hackers and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones Graph shows Ivanka's clothing sales increased by 10,700% when Kellyanne Conway promoted her on TV - as outrage grows over China trademarks 'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?': Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt cradles her bump as she displays her incredible athleticism during dance class... shortly after announcing she's expecting again Fergie meets acting royalty: Duchess of York rubs shoulders with Kenneth Branagh at the star-studded launch of his wife's new book in London I'm a frayed show! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner flash their pins in stressed denim as they lunch in Beverly Hills Back from Coachella Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser  'I told Oprah Winfrey to shut the f**k up': Rose Byrne reveals she had words with media mogul on-set of new TV movie Australian actress spoke about the confrontation 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another Nina Dobrev cuts a low-key figure in a striped Tee aand skinny jeans while stepping out in LA... amid rumours she is now dating Orlando Bloom Horsing around! North West looks thrilled on merry-go-round during aunt Kourtney Kardashian's birthday celebrations at Disneyland Birthday babe! Kourtney Kardashian celebrates her 38th at Disneyland with ex Scott Disick, their kids and North West... hours after sharing nude snap 'Life is about to begin... literally!' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her beautiful bump as she celebrates 30th birthday with fiancé Jason Statham, 49 'It's funny it was so overly dramatised': Warren Beatty discusses his infamous Oscars ceremony blunder and deems the fuss 'silly'     DON'T MISS Fight club! RHOS rivals Lisa Oldfield and Matty Samaei shove each other on the red carpet in Sydney as they laugh off THAT art gallery clash 'Perfect!' Rande Gerber shares swimwear snap of wife Cindy Crawford as they mark the end of Coachella music festival In awe of his wife 'He should write his own music!' Harry Styles looks in high spirits at New York Rangers game... as fans accuse him of 'ripping off' rock band song Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she pines for Coachella in throwback snap Pining for the sunshine How you can get Blake Lively's figure: Try the star's simple 3-step workout that targets all your major muscles in one session  Top tips She's a natural! Youthful Elsa Pataky, 40, steps out in a sexy backless floral frock as ambassador for L'Oréal's Botanical hair care range Golden girl! Rosario Dawson shows off her toned legs in split gown at Unforgettable premiere She plays new trophy wife Julia Banks  'The shock never leaves you': Prince William speaks of the moment he was told his mother had died in emotional conversation with bereaved widow She IS on the guest list! Meghan Markle is said to be attending Pippa's wedding on Prince Harry's arm despite her 'no ring' rule (but there's a catch) Those baby blues! Jessica Biel flaunts her svelte frame in chic jumper and figure-hugging pencil skirt for The Sinner photocall Oozed elegance Olivia Munn is 'doing good and open to dating again' after split from Aaron Rodgers while athlete is 'picking up the pieces' New chapter Hot wheels! Heidi Klum keeps things casual in double denim as she nips around LA in flash classic convertible Ferrari after jetting home from Costa Rica When 2 Become... 3! Spice Girls reunion is BACK ON now Mel B's 'unnerving' husband Stephen Belafonte is out of the picture Good news for GEM fans Kris Jenner's fake home used in Keeping Up With The Kardashians hits the market for $9million Now is your chance to live like a reality star  'You know who you are': Luke Evans teases on Instagram he has rekindled romance with Jon Kortajarena They certainly made a handsome couple before they split Highlight of the night! Olympia Valance showcases her luscious blonde-streaked mane as she attends L'Oréal's Botanical haircare range launch Buffy The Vampire Slayer favorite Charisma Carpenter, 46, looks ageless in plunging sheer gown at Thirst Gala Went for a daring outfit Bunny breakdown! Lisa Rinna cries and walks off after Kim Richards returns gift on RHOBH reunion The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Reunion  Katie Couric's face DROPS as she is asked to weigh in on Megyn Kelly and Tamron Hall shake-up at 'Today' Was all smiles, until she was asked about drama Barry Manilow makes first concert appearance since publicly coming out and revealing marriage to manager Garry Kief Took to the stage Daddy's little girl! Chris Hemsworth makes hearts melt as he lavishes attention on sweet daughter India Rose during a day at the playground Fulfilling her Promise! Angela Sarafyan steals show at film's NYC screening in glittering sheer gown Best known for her turns as a robotic prostitute Will Michael Phelps make ANOTHER comeback? Record-breaking Olympian refuses to rule out a return to the pool  Sports icon 'I am still processing': Shannon Purser of Stranger Things comes out as bisexual in emotional Twitter post Came out to family and friends 'Like looking in the mirror': Blake Shelton goes platinum blonde with wig to tease Adam Levine on The Voice Shocked viewers of The Voice 'You made my day!': Faith Hill surprises adorable young fan who sings a duet with the country superstar The 49-year-old country songstress Alex Jones 'forgot what grade his kids were in during a custody trial deposition because he'd eaten a big bowl of CHILI for lunch,' court hears Deliverance! Previously unheard Prince track released ahead of one-year anniversary of his death... with more music to come Supporting her fellow angel! Behati Prinsloo rocks a pair of mom jeans and a beret style hat as she attends Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's 30th Kelsea Ballerini sparkles in cornflower blue strapless dress by Zac Posen at 2017 Symphony Fashion Show Looking radiant  Pucker up! Katherine Heigl's husband Josh Kelley plants a loving kiss on her cheek as she returns to the spotlight... just four months after giving birth 'Don't f***ing talk to us!': Alison Brie and Aubrey Plaza are bad nuns in hilarious trailer for The Little Hours Put on an hysterical performance 'Healing nicely!' The Bachelor's Lesley Murphy reveals her post double mastectomy body... and says she feel's 'lucky' She took to Instagram It's in the jeans! Model Jessica Gomes cuts a casual figure in double denim as she steps out in Los Angeles She casually strolled through West Hollywood Lacy lady! Rebel Wilson wears a one-piece swimsuit and lace kaftan as she enjoys Palm Springs poolside after catch up with Hugh Sheridan Baby, it's cold outside! Reese Witherspoon wraps up in a big black coat as she steps out in NYC She celebrated Easter in Los Angeles on Sunday A rose by any other name! Rachel Lindsay wears red floral-inspired gown for first Bachelorette promo poster It's her season Caitlyn Jenner steps out after daughter Kendall revealed her 'heart dropped' when she first saw her dad as a woman Brave face She sheer is confident! Victoria's Secret model Taylor Hill flashes her knickers in see-through black leggings Strutted in transparent leggings through LAX  Diana's STILL blowing cobwebs off the Royals: SARAH VINE says conversation Harry has engaged with the nation about mental health was first started by his mom Coordinating couple! Christian Bale and his wife Sibi match all black looks at screening of The Promise in NYC The 43-year-old Batman star  Frilly in florals! Rose Byrne strikes an elegant pose on the red carpet for premiere of Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks Premiere was in New York Own best advert! Rihanna wears satin parka with high/low hem from her Puma collection to pop-up shop in LA She is 29 Not taking a hiatus! Lena Dunham looks casual in denim as she attends star-studded event... two days after Girls series finale Stepping into limelight Diana and Sir Elton WEREN'T close, claims Wayne Sleep: Ballet star says Candle In The Wind singer didn't know the Princess that well He sang at her funeral Diva mommy! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage in figure-hugging ensemble as she takes twins Monroe and Moroccan toy shopping The twins are five Beaming beauty! Jennifer Garner is all smiles as she and son Samuel grab breakfast one week after filing for divorce from ex Ben Affleck 'In the mornings, we don't look like that!': Elsa Pataky insists she and her equally genetically blessed husband Chris Hemsworth aren't perfect ALL the time Taking it in his stride! Edward Burns rocks gruff look as he hobbles in leg brace around NYC with help of a cane Stepped out in the Big Apple An Unforgettable sight! Joanna Krupa steals attention from the stars in sheer black dress at Hollywood premiere She is getting ready to hit the small screen  'Birthday suit!': Kourtney Kardashian shares naked pool picture to celebrate turning 38 The mom bared it all for her birthday  Sofia Vergara displays fantastic legs in skinny jeans and heels as she heads out for a day of shopping in West Hollywood She is 44 'Shopping in my daughter's closet!': Yolanda Hadid twins with Gigi as she borrows her color block Versace jacket for day out Copycat What Feud? Catherine Zeta-Jones wows in cream three-piece suit with lacy low-cut top as she cuddles up to chic co-star Susan Sarandon at NYC screening 'We're not the typical Bachelor couple': Sean and Catherine Lowe reveal secret to their marital success amid slew of failed reality TV couples 'Here's lookin' at you, Jen!' Reese Witherspoon pens sweet tribute to pal Garner for her 45th birthday Instagram snap 'If it fits, it fits. If it doesn't, it doesn't': Curvy model Jordyn Woods calls for the end of the 'plus-size' label as she admits she is 'nervous' about being in Kylie Jenner's show  EXCLUSIVE: Back to work! Meghan Markle heads to the Suits set after a blissful Easter weekend holed up in her Toronto pad with Prince Harry Someone eats their Leftovers! Justin Theroux shows off his muscular arms in vest after getting pumped at gym In West Hollywood  The bling ring: Omarosa Manigault shows of her massive diamond as she arrives back into Washington DC after her wedding and honeymoon  James Packer's Hollywood adventure is over: Billionaire sells stake in RatPac venture despite hits The Revenant, Gravity and Birdman 'Hills' baby boom!' Whitney Port talks 'difficult' pregnancy as she praises fellow MTV castmates as 'responsible adults' Six months pregnant Shades of grey! Salma Hayek is a smart traveler in casual chic outfit and chunky boots as she departs LAX The 50-year-old Academy Award nominee She's back! Alison Sweeney announces return to Days Of Our Lives three years after 'retiring' the role of Sami Brady  The 40-year-old actress  'We are worried about Rob': Kardashian sisters watch their brother's back while Blac Chyna threatens split in KUWTK sneak peek Rocky relationship 'I love you so much mumma, forever': Bindi Irwin shares touching tribute to her mum Terri ahead of Mother's Day A touching tribute to her mother  Traveling in style! Jessica Simpson rolls $3,350 Gucci luggage and pricey Birkin bag as she leaves kids at home to jet out of LA with husband Eric 'It's obviously his name': Disney assures Star Wars fans Han Solo IS his real name... despite confusingly hinting otherwise Fans are STILL in uproar  Wynonna Judd's daughter is in custody on drug-related charges AGAIN after pleading guilty to possession of crystal meth last year  'A great missed opportunity': Mark Hamill wishes Luke, Leia and Han could have shared one final scene together in The Force Awakens Reflecting The ring is off! La La Anthony removes wedding bling as she steps out for first time since split from Carmelo amid claims he 'got a dancer pregnant' Keira Knightley returns to Pirates Of The Caribbean after ten years as she makes fleeting appearance in exciting new trailer for the fifth installment EXCLUSIVE: Disgraced Fox News head Roger Ailes slashes the asking price for his New Jersey home, days after a summons arrives for him Aloha! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shows off her bikini body as she hits the beach in Hawaii Shared yet another sizzling snap  Mel B sports heart-shaped pink specs as she removes laptop and heaps of files from lawyer's office in midst of messy divorce Proof he's NOT perfect! Elsa Pataky reveals her husband Chris Hemsworth STILL hasn't learned to speak Spanish after being together for SIX years 'I drew a line in the sand': Jessica Chastain says she demands to know salaries of her male costars before agreeing to a role Cover girl 'How did Hannah give birth to a black baby?' Girls under fire over casting of Lena Dunham's child in finale episode Venting on Twitter So THAT'S how Jay-Z wooed Beyonce! Women think creative men are just as attractive as handsome suitors University of Abertay in Dundee study How Lady Gaga's sleek Malibu compound made William's Kensington Palace study adorned with family photos look stuffy and outdated  Battle of the pads  Surf's up! RHOBH star Camille Grammer, 48, parades her knock-out body on the beach while on vacation in Hawaii Hit the surf in a skin-tight blue top  Beauty beyond years! Calvin Klein celebrates women of ALL ages in new campaign featuring models young and old, from Lauren Hutton, 73, to Uma Thurman's 18-year-old daughter  Laughing Chelsea Clinton appears in new Variety while defending Clinton Foundation from fake news and revealing how she balances being a mother and her career Lucky she didn't cause a car accident! Olivia Culpo stuns in flannel dress and fishnet stockings as she struts down Hollywood Boulevard 'She really took the p*** outta me': Ed Sheeran confesses he is stuck with misspelled tattoo on his arm after actress Saoirse Ronan purposely wrote 'Galway GRILL' instead of 'GIRL' Mom-of-two who lost 430LBS and now has to BLOW DRY her excess skin to prevent infections is desperate to have it removed by doctors 'She looked really sad': Kylie Jenner and ex Tyga have 'awkward run-in' at Coachella The pair bumped into each other at the festival after their split  Why I'm shunned by Hollywood: Richard Gere, 67, says the movie studios refuse to hire him because his Tibetan activism will upset China He's an outspoken critic Amber Heard's father reveals she would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk who is worth $11.2bn - but a source says they have no plans She should have brought the palm leaves: Braless Sinitta makes a boob in see-through top to judge talent show in London bar Simon Cowell's pal 'I love how close we were': Kim Kardashian shares throwback video to mark Kourtney's 38th birthday Taking to her website KimKardashianWest.com  'She was salty!': Courtney Love claims Hollywood legend Elizabeth Taylor used an expletive to greet her when they met at a Hollywood party Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez 'stay in gated luxury villa community where her ex Marc Anthony lives in the Dominican Republic' Loved-up Damsel in denim: Kate Bosworth looks chic in baggy jeans as she arrives at LAX airport to a crowd of fans Unveiled her sunglass collection at Coachella  Kevin Spacey will host Broadway's Tony Awards for first time... as actor jokes Neil Patrick Harris, Hugh Jackman were 'unavailable' Director's cut! Giggling Tom Cruise looks relieved as he lands in Paris by helicopter and leaves set after filming daring M:I6 - Mission Impossible scenes Gina Rodriguez confirms she'll voice Carmen Sandiego for new Netflix animated series The 32-year-old Golden Globe winner New mom Brook Power is named Playboy's Playmate of the Year, posing nude on the magazine's cover just five months a after giving birth to a son Go green! Meet the designer behind the eco-friendly collection that is so stylish even stars like Rumer Willis and Elizabeth Hurley are wearing it Attack of the klones! Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian look identical (thanks to the cosmetic surgeon) in new topless teaser for make-up collaboration Boho chic! Naomi Watts, 48, looks radiant and youthful as she steps out in retro style outfit in New York She's known for her effortless style Good things come in threes! Rose Byrne does frock treble... and defends her 'white savior' role in DNA drama She joined Oprah Off again! 'Reunited' Scottie and Larsa Pippen to proceed with divorce after all... but insist they will remain friends It's off again.... again Bathing beauty Kate Upton flaunts her famous hourglass figure in skimpy halterneck bikini on romantic break with fiancé Justin Verlander Tummy trouble! Sheryl Crow flashes belly button by accident as her shirt comes open in NYC... as news breaks her 'ex' Kid Rock is engaged Richard Simmons hospitalized in California while 'battling severe indigestion' - marking the first time he has left home in over THREE years Top designer who created Bjork's swan dress 'sold stuffed endangered animals including a crocodile and Indonesian pig from his London boutique' 'If you need me I'll be here': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid puts bump on display in tiny bikini Swimmer's wife-to-be is taking it easy Ole! Sofia Vergara to play the feisty flamenco dancer in new Emoji Movie The 44-year-old actress announced the news on Instagram  Now Sofia Vergara's ex-fiancé Nick Loeb accuses her of violating his First Amendment rights in latest twist of legal saga over frozen embryos  Classic carryalls! As Alexa Chung and Julianne Hough step out toting stylish straw bags, FEMAIL rounds up 24 chic options for YOU to shop now Ready, set, splurge! FEMAIL rounds up uber luxe, celebrity-approved beauty buys to spend your tax return on this year, including an $800 night cream  Double trouble! Today star Savannah Guthrie soaks up the warm New York weather while pushing both of her two kids around the city in a large stroller 'You can save so many children!': Blake Lively talks cracking down on child pornography as she covers Variety's Power Of Women NY issue Celebrate like Beckham! Harper, 5, and Romeo, 14, surprise their 'happy' mum Victoria with a birthday cake and a singalong at her SoulCycle in LA Queen Letizia, 44, looks younger than ever as she takes to the stage in a VERY trendy outfit at literature awards in Madrid Wowed the crowd  'I'm surrounded by people I genuinely like to be with': Victoria Beckham reveals she 'does not have a lot friends' due to her busy career The new Smalls! The Sandlot child star Patrick Renna and wife welcome their first son into the world Flynn Maxwell was born on Monday   'I get that from my dad': Kendall Jenner reveals she's not as 'girly' as her famous sisters while looking a dream in tangerine for Harper's Bazaar Carmelo Anthony 'slept with dancer who is now PREGNANT with his baby'... as it is revealed he has split with wife La La after seven years Before pair broke up  Finding her inner hippie! Jennifer Love Hewitt wears Woodstock 1969 shirt with ripped jeans as she takes daughter Autumn shopping Janet Jackson's pal Gil Duldulao says she's 'not a gold digger seeking a $500M divorce settlement' Close friend came to her defense on social media PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz raises a smile as he heads back to $6.4m London mansion despite eviction speculation  Billie Lourd shows off legs in mini skirt while hand-in-hand with beau Taylor Lautner on loved up stroll with her dog in trendy area of Venice Beach He's engaged! Kid Rock proposes to longtime girlfriend Audrey Berry with large diamond ring... 10 years after divorcing Pamela Anderson Bikini-clad April Love Geary, 22, displays her incredible physique as she lets her hair down in the Maldives with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40 What a catch! Bella Thorne models fishnet top and stockings with very short skirt and kinky boots as she plugs Famous In Love in NYC Ditched the green locks  From winter to spring in one day! Anne Hathaway models black leather before switching into sheer purple to promote new film in NYC  Now he's ready for his close up? Chris Brown happily poses for snaps as he parties after 'punching photographer in face' Smiled for the cameras Wrapping it up! Lucy Hale and Ashley Benson head to GMA in NYC as they promote Pretty Little Liars before big series finale Jenna Bush Hager says father George W. Bush is a 'feminist' - as she praises him for inspiring her by saying she could be whoever she wanted to be  Harry Styles FINALLY breaks his silence on romance with Taylor Swift and hints his debut solo album contains songs about Kendall Jenner Games Of Thrones star Lena Headey opens up about her struggle with depression, while urging her fans to forget societal 'bull***t' and embrace 'realness' Crossing the pond? Lana Del Rey tells Courtney Love she would like to live in London as she appears on the cover of Dazed magazine The Prince and the Lady: William FaceTimes Gaga from his London study to her LA kitchen as part of his Heads Together drive  The pair joined forces Ready for The Bachelorette! Teen Mom vet Farrah Abraham reveals she wants to go on dating show... after confirming split from Simon Saran James Corden rips Star Wars and Girls in rap battle with actor Riz Ahmed... who fires back by branding Carpool Karaoke king a 'singing Uber driver' Teen Mom star Catelynn Lowell Baltierra discusses postpartum depression a year after rehab Spent time in treatment Ivanka Trump's fashion empire hits record highs as it is revealed company received trademarks from China on same day she met President Xi Jinping Oprah throws support behind CBS in morning TV ratings war: Winfrey pops by pal Gayle King's show to promote her new film and flirt up a storm with Charlie Rose 'I almost killed him!': Anne Hathaway says she nearly flew off old-school slide with young son when hitting a NYC park Was a close call  Cheeky! Trouser-free Hailey Baldwin suffers awkward wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her derriere in tiny T-shirt during post-Coachella pit stop 'You're an inspiration!': Kris Jenner pens birthday message to daughter Kourtney Kardashian on 38th birthday while sharing rare baby photos Ready to get wet! Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk poses in a bikini by a pool... after admitting she's hooked on Keeping Up With The Kardashians Prince William gets emotional after watching documentary on mental health as he says his grief over his mother's death sparked his desire to campaign  'Harry chose to follow in Diana's footsteps... she would be so proud': Former bodyguard to princess of Wales says her 'mischievous boy' has finally grown up  'We felt like as much togetherness as possible would be ideal': Sienna Miller reveals she and ex Tom Sturridge are still 'best friends'  Coachella-goer baffles social media users with bizarre 'HALF-jeans' that leave one leg (and the wearer's underpants) totally exposed Strange attire  Beach bums! Miles Teller and model girlfriend Keleigh Sperry put on a cheeky display as they frolic in the ocean in Hawaii Sunning themselves Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she enjoys birthday lunch with a pal... amid claims Ben Affleck has 'moved out of the family home and is dating someone' She turned a street into her catwalk! Joanna Krupa looks stunning as she models green jacket and skinny jeans while strolling in LA Model ran errands  Anna Kendrick has girls' night out with her Pitch Perfect castmate Chrissie Fit in West Hollywood Donned casual outfits as they hit the town  New dad Benedict Cumberbatch enjoys a  walk in the British countryside... after becoming a father for the second time Leisurely stroll  He's got a man bun! Jessica Biel shows off her hipster son Silas during stylish stroll through New York City The mother-son duo were in the Big Apple Busty Kate Upton channels Marilyn Monroe in plunging white bralet and French knickers as she performs live striptease dance for lucky fiance Big night? 5 Seconds Of Summer rocker Luke Hemmings looks weary as he leaves Hollywood hot-spot with Ashton Irwin Looked worse-for-wear 'When you let the girls run free!' Size 22 model Tess Holliday puts her curves on full display in a VERY sheer bra after meeting her idol Dita Von Teese at Vegas event  The prince of darkness is back! Shock rocker Alice Cooper returns for Australian tour 40 years after his first trip Down Under Katy Perry reveals she 'wasn't allowed to interact with gay people' during evangelical upbringing and admits there was 'generational racism' in her childhood   Jim Carrey shocks fans with unkempt Easter selfie after tough couple of years following suicide of his girlfriend He turned 55 this year Liv Tyler adds an edgy touch to her flowing black dress with a leather biker jacket as she steps out for fashion store opening in Toyko SPOILER ALERT: Fate Of The Furious star Michelle Rodriguez reveals her character won't be playing nanny to Dom's baby in future installments 'You follow him on Instagram': Scheana Marie reveals identity of new beau to ex Mike Shay on reunion show Reality star stunned her estranged husband  Today's headlines Most Read Bill who? Fired O'Reilly's name is ERASED from his own Fox show as deadpan fill-in host Dana Perino spends... Fight for Aaron's millions: The families of Aaron Hernandez's victims go to war over his estate - including... Swapping nude photos in the Navy and Marine Corps is now a crime after revenge porn Facebook group scandal Bill Gates warns biological terror attack could wipe out 30 million people and be more destructive than a... Iran nuclear deal has 'failed' says Tillerson - and he raises prospect of Trump administration scuttle... 'Bill likes to put up dirty pictures and ask pretty girls to talk about them': Ex Fox analyst reveals new... Silent partner: How Lachlan Murdoch's wife Sarah 'convinced him and Rupert to fire Bill O'Reilly' 'We part ways due to completely unfounded claims': Defiant Bill O'Reilly issues statement insisting he did... NAMED: Two NEW women accuse Bill O'Reilly of harassment hours after he is formally fired from Fox News The new king of prime time: Tucker Carlson to get O'Reilly's 8pm slot just THREE months after taking over... EXCLUSIVE - Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left a message saying she was 'doing much better' less... Couple caught having sex on the beach near Mar-a-Lago by Coast Guard crew patrolling the area while Trump... CIA launches manhunt for Wikileaks mole who exposed how the agency spies on smartphones, smart televisions... Husband insists pioneering African American judge did NOT commit suicide after her body was found in NYC's... Defiant Ann Coulter says she WILL speak at Berkeley after her appearance was cancelled over fears of... Parents' fury as their ten-year-old son is kicked off overbooked Air Canada flight WITHOUT them - forcing... No Deliverance! Prince's new album pulled from iTunes as the late singer's estate tries to block release of... Police pay a mystery visit to Richard Simmons' home just hours after he spoke out for the first time in... How does he do that? Strongman shows amazing strength with one-armed push-ups but then... Former crack addict who claims Seattle mayor paid him $10 for sex on the street comes forward after he was... SeaWorld's last ever killer whale? Baby orca born in captivity in Texas could be the last one to be kept at... EXCLUSIVE: The distraught lookalike brother of Aaron Hernandez is seen leaving his mother's home in the wake... Aaron Hernandez's lawyer suggests the disgraced NFL player was murdered as former agent says there was... The spectacular rise and fall of Aaron Hernandez: How a boy from a loving family threw away his incredible... Aaron Hernandez 'wrote bible verse John 3:16 on his forehead and smoked synthetic marijuana before taking... Dozens of suicides, guard attacks and a pedophile priest murdered in his own cell: The bloody history of the... The sad life of Shayanna Jenkins: Widowed without being married after she chose killer NFL star Aaron... 'Personal family matters': Tom Brady cancels White House visit celebrating Super Bowl win hours after mentee... NFL stars and Snoop Dogg slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez -... MORE HEADLINES Revealed: Disgraced Patriots star Aaron Hernandez may have murder conviction THROWN OUT by killing himself in jail - as he times his suicide to overshadow the Patriots trip to the White House which Tom Brady will now skip The sad life of Shayanna Jenkins: Widowed without being married after she chose killer NFL star Aaron Hernandez over her own family for the sake of their young daughter Aaron Hernandez 'wrote bible verse John 3:16 on his forehead and smoked synthetic marijuana before taking his life in his prison cell' 'Kim WILL push the nuclear button': North Korean defector forced to watch her first public execution aged SEVEN claims mad dictator will stop at nothing to nuke US as a 'last stand' 'We part ways due to completely unfounded claims': Defiant Bill O'Reilly issues statement insisting he did NOTHING wrong and wishes Fox News 'the best' after being fired The spectacular rise and fall of Aaron Hernandez: How a boy from a loving family threw away his incredible talent to live like a gangster after going off the rails when his father died North Korea wipes out US city with massive nuclear missile blast in chilling simulation of an attack on America  Is this the most country interview ever? Kentucky farmer's account of how he was 'waterin' his chickens' when a couple crashed their truck in to a bee hive next to him sweeps the internet How does he do that? Strongman shows amazing strength with one-armed push-ups but then... NFL stars and Snoop Dogg slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison Italy's 'orgy island' where Marquis would hold wild parties so he could watch his actress wife have sex with younger men... before one day shooting her, a lover and himself in 1970 Inside the ghost town in North Korean built by South Korean company which lost $1BILLION when a tourist was shot dead by Kim's army who then seized the resort EXCLUSIVE: The distraught lookalike brother of Aaron Hernandez is seen leaving his mother's home in the wake of the former Patriots player's suicide Bill who? Fired O'Reilly's name is ERASED from his own Fox show as deadpan fill-in host Dana Perino spends just over a MINUTE saying goodbye to the 'undisputed king of cable news' after 20 years  Factory worker sticks a 1.6ft long eel into his anus believing it could treat his constipation 'Personal family matters': Tom Brady cancels White House visit celebrating Super Bowl win hours after mentee Aaron Hernandez commits suicide - then says he is 'celebrating his parents' anniversary  The photographer First Lady: Melania Trump's artsy snaps of Central Park, risque selfies and portraits of her 'two champions' Donald and Barron before she went quiet on social media Aaron Hernandez's lawyer suggests the disgraced NFL player was murdered as former agent says there was 'absolutely no chance' he would have taken his own life That’s not what we meant by love-all! Crunch tennis match is interrupted by the sound of a couple having sex 'in a nearby apartment' Do you need an assist Sean? The Gronk crashes Spicer at White House press briefing as Patriots wait to be congratulated by Trump  EXCLUSIVE: Inside the hiding place of the last Cocaine Cowboy - an anonymous rental near Disney he paid for in CASH for years, leaving only to cycle like 'the Tour de France' Lady Death brought to life: Colourised images show deadly female Russian soldier - who killed 309 Nazis during WWII - alongside her fellow women snipers who terrified the Germans  Is Barron Trump a Gunner? President's son is seen wearing a full Arsenal kit on the White House lawn  Silent partner: How Lachlan Murdoch's wife Sarah 'convinced him and Rupert to fire Bill O'Reilly' Hillary saw Joe Biden as a ‘DEF-CON 1 threat’ to her presidential campaign - while the vice president confided to aide that she 'played UGLY' Female Fox News contributor defends embattled Bill O'Reilly as she questions timing of latest sexual harassment allegations against him First of Obama's Dreamers is deported: Farm worker, 23, who moved to US when he was nine, 'was picked up in the middle of the night by agents who said his status had expired and sent him back to Mexico three hours later' Enormous iceberg 50ft taller than the one that sank the Titanic floats past the Canadian coast causing bumper-to-bumper tailbacks as tourists flock to see the monster block of ice MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
About US Contact US Registration Wednesday April 19th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 20, 2017  /  Comments Off on Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain       Print       Email MIL OSI Global Economy – Source: Walmart Headline: Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain Through release of a sustainability toolkit, Walmart asks suppliers to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by one gigaton – the equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads for an entire year BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 19, 2017 – Today, during Walmart’s annual Milestone Summit, the company launched a sustainability platform inviting suppliers to join Walmart in committing to reduce greenhouse gas emissions resulting from their operations and supply chains. Dubbed Project Gigaton, this initiative will provide an emissions reduction toolkit to a broad network of suppliers seeking to eliminate one gigaton of emissions, focusing on areas such as manufacturing, materials and use of products by 2030. That’s the equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year. Digital Press Kit Download high res photos, videos, reports, and infographics Walmart is the first retailer with a verified science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030.Project Gigaton is part of a series of Walmart sustainability initiatives, focused on addressing social and environmental issues in ways that help communities while also strengthening business. For example, by investing in solar energy, Walmart has helped to support jobs for American solar companies. Walmart is now one of America’s leading commercial solar and on-site renewable energy users and gets about 25 percent of its global energy from renewable sources. To give another example, by doubling the efficiency of our U.S. fleet from 2005 to 2015, Walmart saved nearly $1 billion compared to a 2005 baseline.“We are proud of the improvements we’ve made in reducing our own emissions, but we aim to do more. That’s why we’re working with our suppliers and others on Project Gigaton,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, senior vice president and chief sustainability officer for Walmart.Walmart has identified energy, agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation, and product use and design as the goal areas in which to focus their Scope 3 climate efforts. Participating suppliers are encouraged to focus their commitment in one or more of these goal areas. To help suppliers make commitments to emission reduction, or to establish emission reduction projects, Walmart collaborated with NGOs, like World Wildlife Fund and Environmental Defense Fund, and additional like-minded organizations to create an emissions reduction toolkit. In this toolkit, Walmart highlights the business case for why suppliers should consider signing on to Project Gigaton. “Supply chains are the new frontier of sustainability. The journey products take from source to shelf will collectively shape our planet’s future,” said Carter Roberts, president and CEO, World Wildlife Fund. “Project Gigaton is a testament to the transformative impact that leaders of industry can have on our greatest common challenges. As more companies follow in the footsteps of Walmart and their suppliers, we can achieve the critical mass needed to address climate change. Today’s commitment represents an important step toward a safer and more prosperous future.”“A challenge like Project Gigaton will catalyze leadership and innovative solutions around the globe,” said Fred Krupp, president of Environmental Defense Fund (EDF). “Forward-looking companies like Walmart, and the suppliers that will join them, know that our economy and our planet can—and must—thrive together. Consumers deserve both, and these businesses are leading the way. EDF looks forward to helping them along this journey.”“Through the years, we’ve seen that integrating sustainable practices into our operations improves business performance, spurs technological innovation, inspires brand loyalty, and boosts employee engagement,” said Laura Phillips, senior vice president, Sustainability for Walmart. “Our suppliers recognize the opportunity to realize those same benefits in their businesses. By working together on such an ambitious goal, we can accelerate progress within our respective companies and deep in our shared supply chains.”Walmart is proud that several suppliers have committed to Project Gigaton with new or existing emissions-reduction projects. ###About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart.     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on April 20, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 20, 2017 @ 1:40 am Filed Under: Americas, Business, Commerce, Consumer Goods, Economics, English, Fiscal Updates, Global Economy, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Walmart NEXT ARTICLE → Dunkin’ Brands Selects AWS as its Cloud Infrastructure Provider About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain Dunkin’ Brands Selects AWS as its Cloud Infrastructure Provider Policies need constant revision for skilling people at scale and quality: Vice President PM announces ex gratia for the next of kin of those killed and seriously injured, in the bus accident in HP, from PMNRF Igor Zubov gave a lecture at the Ministry of the Interior Affairs of Czech Republic © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Olympian, Dancing with the Stars Champion Laurie Hernandez Shares the Spotlight with Her Mom in New Campaign for Febreze at Walmart Olympian and Dancing with the Stars champion Laurie Hernandez shares the spotlight with her mom Wanda in a new campaign for Febreze at Walmart. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 19, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sometimes, the things we love most can be stinky. Take active teenagers for instance. That’s why Olympic gold medalist and the youngest Dancing with the Stars champion in history, Laurie Hernandez and her mom, Wanda, are partnering with Febreze – available at Walmart – to introduce a fresh twist to the “I Love You, But Sometimes You Stink” campaign that launched earlier in 2017. Febreze at Walmart’s first Latina mother/daughter duo are promoting new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology – the product’s toughest formula to date – designed to seek out odor molecules, deactivate them and clean away odors better than ever before. The duo is currently starring in an Odor Ode video campaign that debuted this month and will appear nationwide on endcap TV in Walmart stores throughout August. Appearing together in video for the first time, the Hernandezes gravitated towards the Febreze campaign because it highlights love for and dedication to the most important things in our life…even when they stink. Through the campaign, Laurie had the opportunity to teach her mom a thing or two about dancing, while Wanda was able to show Laurie what eliminating those active teen odors is all about. Few people understand odors like parents of a teenage athlete, so as Laurie has persevered through a lot of sweat and tears to attain her dreams, her mom Wanda has been by her side supporting her. “We use Febreze all over the house, and we even take it in the car. Laurie is my third – and most active – stinky teen, so I’ve learned a thing or two by now,” Wanda said. A proprietary formula from Febreze, new OdorClear™ technology is made up of hard-working odor-eliminating agents. Compounds like odor trappers, odor converters, odor neutralizers and odor magnets work together to clean away odors in two simple ways: seeking out bad odors and cleaning them away altogether by deactivating and replacing them with a light, fresh scent. Some of the odor removal technology works instantly to eliminate odor and leave a fresh scent, while other technology activates over time and continues to work even after it is finished being sprayed. Video spots featuring the dancing Hernandez duo and new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology can be seen on YouTube, with Febreze products available to purchase in Walmart stores and at walmart.com/febreze. About Febreze In 1998, Procter & Gamble (P&G) gave households a breath of fresh air with the launch of Febreze®, known today as the preeminent brand for providing a fresh, clean scent and eliminating odors from fabrics and the air. Febreze® boasts a line of products with freshness capabilities that range from ridding of pet odors and tackling sweat stink to decorating the home with scent and freshening on the go. Febreze® continues to be one of the fastest growing brands in P&G’s portfolio of household brands and bring innovative products to market. Fresh air is an essential and basic human right, and that the air we breathe can give us “fresh starts.” About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts For Febreze: Procter & Gamble Tim Marrin, 479-200-7525 Marrin.TP@pg.com or Mitchell Communications Group Kay McDowell, 479-439-3772 kay.mcdowell@mitchcommgroup.com Release Summary Olympic gold medalist Laurie Hernandez and her mom, Wanda, are partnering with Febreze available at Walmart to promote the new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology in a campaign launching this month. Contacts For Febreze: Procter & Gamble Tim Marrin, 479-200-7525 Marrin.TP@pg.com or Mitchell Communications Group Kay McDowell, 479-439-3772 kay.mcdowell@mitchcommgroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain Through release of a sustainability toolkit, Walmart asks suppliers to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by one gigaton – the equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads for an entire year BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 19, 2017 – Today, during Walmart’s annual Milestone Summit, the company launched a sustainability platform inviting suppliers to join Walmart in committing to reduce greenhouse gas emissions resulting from their operations and supply chains. Dubbed Project Gigaton, this initiative will provide an emissions reduction toolkit to a broad network of suppliers seeking to eliminate one gigaton of emissions, focusing on areas such as manufacturing, materials and use of products by 2030. That’s the equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year. Digital Press Kit View and download related reports and a quote sheet Walmart is the first retailer with a verified science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. Project Gigaton is part of a series of Walmart sustainability initiatives, focused on addressing social and environmental issues in ways that help communities while also strengthening business. For example, by investing in solar energy, Walmart has helped to support jobs for American solar companies. Walmart is now one of America’s leading commercial solar and on-site renewable energy users and gets about 25 percent of its global energy from renewable sources. To give another example, by doubling the efficiency of our U.S. fleet from 2005 to 2015, Walmart saved nearly $1 billion compared to a 2005 baseline. “We are proud of the improvements we’ve made in reducing our own emissions, but we aim to do more. That’s why we’re working with our suppliers and others on Project Gigaton,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, senior vice president and chief sustainability officer for Walmart. Walmart has identified energy, agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation, and product use and design as the goal areas in which to focus their Scope 3 climate efforts. Participating suppliers are encouraged to focus their commitment in one or more of these goal areas. To help suppliers make commitments to emission reduction, or to establish emission reduction projects, Walmart collaborated with NGOs, like World Wildlife Fund and Environmental Defense Fund, and additional like-minded organizations to create an emissions reduction toolkit. In this toolkit, Walmart highlights the business case for why suppliers should consider signing on to Project Gigaton. “Supply chains are the new frontier of sustainability. The journey products take from source to shelf will collectively shape our planet’s future,” said Carter Roberts, president and CEO, World Wildlife Fund. “Project Gigaton is a testament to the transformative impact that leaders of industry can have on our greatest common challenges. As more companies follow in the footsteps of Walmart and their suppliers, we can achieve the critical mass needed to address climate change. Today’s commitment represents an important step toward a safer and more prosperous future.” “A challenge like Project Gigaton will catalyze leadership and innovative solutions around the globe,” said Fred Krupp, president of Environmental Defense Fund (EDF). “Forward-looking companies like Walmart, and the suppliers that will join them, know that our economy and our planet can—and must—thrive together. Consumers deserve both, and these businesses are leading the way. EDF looks forward to helping them along this journey.” “Through the years, we’ve seen that integrating sustainable practices into our operations improves business performance, spurs technological innovation, inspires brand loyalty, and boosts employee engagement,” said Laura Phillips, senior vice president, Sustainability for Walmart. “Our suppliers recognize the opportunity to realize those same benefits in their businesses. By working together on such an ambitious goal, we can accelerate progress within our respective companies and deep in our shared supply chains.” Walmart is proud that several suppliers have committed to Project Gigaton with new or existing emissions-reduction projects. ### About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Smartphone Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Latex Condoms Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 Search Recent Posts Biohit Oyj B-shares subscribed with Stock Options I 2013 B Biohit Oyj:n B-osakkeiden merkintä optio-oikeuksilla I 2013 B Spectrum ASA: Spectrum Commence 2D Multi-Client Seismic Campaign Offshore Argentina INVISIO: Inbjudan till telefonkonferens för Q1 2017 den 27 april kl 10:00 INVISIO: Invitation to Q1 2017 conference call on April 27 at 10.00 CET Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain Through release of a sustainability toolkit, Walmart asks suppliers to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by one gigaton – the equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads for an entire year SOURCE: Walmart DESCRIPTION: BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 19, 2017 /3BL Media/ – Today, during Walmart’s annual Milestone Summit, the company launched a sustainability platform inviting suppliers to join Walmart in committing to reduce greenhouse gas emissions resulting from their operations and supply chains. Dubbed Project Gigaton, this initiative will provide an emissions reduction toolkit to a broad network of suppliers seeking to eliminate one gigaton of emissions, focusing on areas such as manufacturing, materials and use of products by 2030. That’s the equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year. Walmart is the first retailer with a verified science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. Project Gigaton is part of a series of Walmart sustainability initiatives, focused on addressing social and environmental issues in ways that help communities while also strengthening business. For example, by investing in solar energy, Walmart has helped to support jobs for American solar companies. Walmart is now one of America’s leading commercial solar and on-site renewable energy users and gets about 25 percent of its global energy from renewable sources. To give another example, by doubling the efficiency of our U.S. fleet from 2005 to 2015, Walmart saved nearly $1 billion compared to a 2005 baseline. “We are proud of the improvements we’ve made in reducing our own emissions, but we aim to do more. That’s why we’re working with our suppliers and others on Project Gigaton,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, senior vice president and chief sustainability officer for Walmart. Walmart has identified energy, agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation, and product use and design as the goal areas in which to focus their Scope 3 climate efforts. Participating suppliers are encouraged to focus their commitment in one or more of these goal areas.  To help suppliers make commitments to emission reduction, or to establish emission reduction projects, Walmart collaborated with NGOs, like World Wildlife Fund and Environmental Defense Fund, and additional like-minded organizations to create an emissions reduction toolkit. In this toolkit, Walmart highlights the business case for why suppliers should consider signing on to Project Gigaton.  „Supply chains are the new frontier of sustainability. The journey products take from source to shelf will collectively shape our planet’s future,” said Carter Roberts, president and CEO, World Wildlife Fund. „Project Gigaton is a testament to the transformative impact that leaders of industry can have on our greatest common challenges. As more companies follow in the footsteps of Walmart and their suppliers, we can achieve the critical mass needed to address climate change. Today’s commitment represents an important step toward a safer and more prosperous future.”  “A challenge like Project Gigaton will catalyze leadership and innovative solutions around the globe,” said Fred Krupp, president of Environmental Defense Fund (EDF). “Forward-looking companies like Walmart, and the suppliers that will join them, know that our economy and our planet can—and must—thrive together. Consumers deserve both, and these businesses are leading the way. EDF looks forward to helping them along this journey.” “Through the years, we’ve seen that integrating sustainable practices into our operations improves business performance, spurs technological innovation, inspires brand loyalty, and boosts employee engagement,” said Laura Phillips, senior vice president, Sustainability for Walmart. “Our suppliers recognize the opportunity to realize those same benefits in their businesses. By working together on such an ambitious goal, we can accelerate progress within our respective companies and deep in our shared supply chains.” Walmart is proud that several suppliers have committed to Project Gigaton with new or existing emissions-reduction projects.  About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart.  Tweet me: .@Walmart invites suppliers to reduce #emissions with Project Gigaton http://bit.ly/2o1g2hV #sustainability #workthatmatters KEYWORDS: Environment, Green Infrastructure, Walmart, Project Gigaton, Emissions, sustainability, earth day, Earth Week CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ten-X Research: Tech-Driven Economy Drives U.S. Industrial Vacancy Rates To Lowest Levels In Nearly Two Decades Next PostNext Industry Visionary Bernard Goor Joins One Network as Vice President and Industry Evangelist to Lead Company’s Burgeoning Consumer Goods, Retail & Food Service Practice Search Recent Posts New Environment Monitoring and Sensing Market Report Explores the Overview with Forecast To 2021 Away-From-Home Tissue and Hygiene in Bosnia-Herzegovina Crédit Mutuel and IBM Watson Put Technology at the Service of People Nuclear Power Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 India Apparel and Footwear Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu  Share  Search Subscribe Community Sites Stripes Japan Stripes Okinawa Stripes Korea Stripes Guam Stripes Europe Printshop Rewards Promotions Winners Rules Book Club About ⁄ Help Contact Reporters About Help Stripes Lite Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Apps Advertise Front Page Theaters U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa Branches Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard Veterans Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans Special Reports Stolen Valor Vietnam 50 History Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives Lifestyle Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications Travel Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog Sports Europe Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. Columns Opinion Blogs Letters Galleries  Share  Search Subscribe Email Print Reddit Tweet Share Google+ More Front Page Theaters Branches Veterans Special Reports History Lifestyle Travel Sports Columns Galleries U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa See More Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard See More Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans See More Stolen Valor Vietnam 50 See More Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives See More Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications See More Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog See More Europe Europe Sports Blog Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. See More Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters See More Home News U.S. They saved a veteran from dying in his truck. He blessed them even more.  Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More By ANITA LEE | The Sun Herald | Published: April 15, 2017 BILOXI, Miss. (Tribune News Service) — We’ve all heard the horror stories about veterans suffering, and even dying, while they wait for medical attention. This isn’t one of those. This is a story about a community and three caring employees at Veterans Affairs in Biloxi who made sure a homeless Vietnam veteran did not die in his pickup truck in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Michael Eugene “Mike” Webb worked in construction until he couldn’t. At age 65, the North Carolina veteran of the U.S. Navy was alone in the world, having lost both parents decades ago. He got too sick to work while he was living in Tennessee. A man who had always prided himself on being self sufficient, he lost his apartment in August. Webb moved into his two-door Chevrolet truck. When the weather got cold, he drove his truck to Gulfport. He was living in the parking lot of the Wal-Mart Supercenter on U.S. 49. In December, Webb was diagnosed with Stage 4 cancer. The disease had invaded his liver, kidneys and bones. He was being treated through Medicare at Memorial Hospital at Gulfport. Webb had never used his veterans benefits and no longer had the military-discharge card used to establish eligibility. He had a hard time breathing, but he could not be prescribed oxygen or chemotherapy because he did not have a place to live. He wandered into the Salvation Army in Gulfport a few months ago, receptionist April Morton said. “He said, ‘I hate to ask, but can I get a shower?’ ” she said. “He was so, so sick. He was struggling to breathe.” Homeless network steps in Morton and volunteer Leo Suarez befriended Webb, who was upbeat on good days. Suarez and Webb were both North Carolina Tar Heels basketball fans. The first time Suarez met Webb, he was wearing a Tar Heels cap and T-shirt. “He told me, ‘This is going to be our year,’” Suarez said. “‘We are going to make it to the championship. We are going to win!’” A friend told James Edward Bates about Webb. Bates, a professional photographer who used to work at the Sun Herald, has since his college days been ministering to the homeless. Bates called Webb on his flip phone and confirmed he was living in the Wal-Mart parking lot. He posted about Webb’s plight on the Facebook page he administers, Operation Homeless Hope, where he networks with like-minded people to help those in need. Friends donated money so Webb could rent a hotel room by the week. First Baptist Church in Gulfport picked up a third week. One night, Bates was at a party with Becky Montgomery Jenner, a retired corporate executive and former United Way director. Bates said Webb had been unable to verify his military service to qualify for benefits. Jenner said she would take Webb to the VA. She did, on a Tuesday. She said she encountered one unhelpful employee working in customer service. Webb, who couldn’t walk more than 10 feet without losing his breath, sat in a wheelchair, weighing only 93 pounds. The customer service representative said Webb would have to fill out paperwork and mail it in to get his discharge papers, known as DD 214s. Jenner told the man Webb didn’t have weeks to wait, but he insisted there was nothing he could do. And then, a woman passed them in the hall. She asked if they needed help. The woman, nursing assistant Evelyn Gardner, took Jenner and Webb to meet a second lady, eligibility clerk Barbara Carley. Jenner said Carley must have spent an hour on the phone trying to find Webb’s discharge papers. When that didn’t work, Carley sent off a fax marked “medical urgency,” Jenner said. The paperwork arrived two days later. It looked as if Webb would be able to get into hospice at the VA. But first, the VA said, he needed a medical exam. Because an appointment would take weeks to arrange, Jenner was directed to the emergency room. “The emergency room doctor was a toad,” she said. “He said, ‘What do you want me to do?’ I said, ‘Do whatever you need to do so he can start getting help. He asked, ‘Who told you to come here?’ This guy was jerk personified.” Room with a view A third VA employee worked with Webb. Jodie Picciano-Swanson, homeless veteran program manager, told Jenner what she and Webb would need to do to get his patient records from Memorial. The doctor sent the records after the weekend. Jenner and her husband, Mark, moved Webb to hospice on a Wednesday. He had a room with a view of Back Bay. Bates said he can’t stress enough the excellent care the hospice staff provided Webb, who moved in with two bags of groceries and a duffel bag. His clothes were always clean, but they were ripped and torn. Jenner took him to Wal-Mart, where he bought new jeans and shirts. He had a food-stamp card for groceries, but he didn’t need it anymore. Hospice fed him well. He kept insisting to his friends at the Salvation Army that he wanted to buy groceries for their food pantry. The Jenners took him shopping at Sam’s Club, where they loaded cases of groceries and delivered them to the pantry in Gulfport. April Morton was at the office on 22nd Street when they arrived. “He would always tell me, ‘I want to give back what I received,’” Morton said. She kissed his cheek before he left and told him she would see him later in the week. The VA called her just three days later — Friday, March 31. Webb didn’t have long, she was told. She and Suarez went to hospice, where they found Webb in a recliner in the community room. He could no longer speak, but Morton took his hand and told him he was not alone. They would not leave him. His breathing slowed, then stopped. He left his new clothes and truck to The Salvation Army. ‘Angel among us’ Salvation Army Maj. Gary Sturdivant delivered Webb’s eulogy Friday under the pavilion at the Biloxi National Cemetery on VA grounds. The Patriot Guard Riders stood at attention around the pavilion, each holding an American flag and one with a U.S. Marine Corps flag. The VA had sent out a Facebook message about the funeral for a veteran without family, so a number of people attended to pay their respects. The friends he had made on the Coast were there, too. He lived at the hospice center for two weeks and two days, Jenner said. Webb saw the Tar Heels win a semi-final, but he was gone before the championships. “On that Friday when Michael left this earth,” Sturdivant said, “I believe he went up there and worked out some kind of deal for that team to win the national championship.” Sturdivant also recited a veterans’ motto: “I will always place the mission first. I will never accept defeat. I will never quit.” Webb did not seem to expect anything from anyone. He accepted his fate without complaint; those who knew him these brief few months said. Becky Jenner tried to convince Webb that he was a gift to her. He just said, in his feisty way, “I don’t think so.” In the end, his life was an example to those who surrounded him of the grace compassion bestows. Each one said after the funeral how meeting Webb had blessed them. He believed in God, Sturdivant said, mentioning they often talked under a tree behind one of the VA buildings. “Mike,” Sturdivant said, “could easily have been an angel among us.” ©2017 The Sun Herald (Biloxi, Miss.) Visit The Sun Herald at www.sunherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.   article continues below   Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More 0 comments Join the conversation and share your voice!   from around the web more top news Tillerson gives NATO allies 2 months for defense spending plans, Germany balks at deadline Admiral's illicit history with 'Fat Leonard' goes back 20 years, prosecutors say Pearl Harbor survivor’s remains entombed inside USS Arizona After US strikes, Trump's Syria plan starts coming into view 'A wonderful day': A veteran's undocumented wife won't be deported by ICE No charges in last year's drowning of Navy SEAL candidate news videos editors' picks SPECIAL REPORT | 75 years of serving America's military in Europe Proposal in Congress would require servicemembers to pay into GI Bill for benefits Air Force dismisses claim fighter jets killed toddler's pony trending read commented Army tests drone-killing lasers as threat grows on the battlefield Air Force releases details on crash that killed U-2 instructor pilot Body of missing Marine found near rugged hiking trail in Hawaii Admiral's illicit history with 'Fat Leonard' goes back 20 years, prosecutors say Proposal in Congress would require servicemembers to pay into GI Bill for benefits stripes rewards Month of the Military Child Stripes Book Club follow us on: recent tweets Tweets by @starsandstripes Rewards Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Mobile Apps SUBSCRIBE: Digital Print © 2017 Stars and Stripes. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer Comment Policy Web Notices and Privacy Policy Accessibility ⁄ Section 508 Site Map Top
Olympian, Dancing with the Stars Champion Laurie Hernandez Shares the Spotlight with Her Mom in New Campaign for Febreze at Walmart Olympian and Dancing with the Stars champion Laurie Hernandez shares the spotlight with her mom Wanda in a new campaign for Febreze at Walmart. (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail April 19, 2017 09:00 AM Eastern Daylight Time FAYETTEVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Sometimes, the things we love most can be stinky. Take active teenagers for instance. That’s why Olympic gold medalist and the youngest Dancing with the Stars champion in history, Laurie Hernandez and her mom, Wanda, are partnering with Febreze – available at Walmart – to introduce a fresh twist to the “I Love You, But Sometimes You Stink” campaign that launched earlier in 2017. Febreze at Walmart’s first Latina mother/daughter duo are promoting new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology – the product’s toughest formula to date – designed to seek out odor molecules, deactivate them and clean away odors better than ever before. The duo is currently starring in an Odor Ode video campaign that debuted this month and will appear nationwide on endcap TV in Walmart stores throughout August. Appearing together in video for the first time, the Hernandezes gravitated towards the Febreze campaign because it highlights love for and dedication to the most important things in our life…even when they stink. Through the campaign, Laurie had the opportunity to teach her mom a thing or two about dancing, while Wanda was able to show Laurie what eliminating those active teen odors is all about. Few people understand odors like parents of a teenage athlete, so as Laurie has persevered through a lot of sweat and tears to attain her dreams, her mom Wanda has been by her side supporting her. “We use Febreze all over the house, and we even take it in the car. Laurie is my third – and most active – stinky teen, so I’ve learned a thing or two by now,” Wanda said. A proprietary formula from Febreze, new OdorClear™ technology is made up of hard-working odor-eliminating agents. Compounds like odor trappers, odor converters, odor neutralizers and odor magnets work together to clean away odors in two simple ways: seeking out bad odors and cleaning them away altogether by deactivating and replacing them with a light, fresh scent. Some of the odor removal technology works instantly to eliminate odor and leave a fresh scent, while other technology activates over time and continues to work even after it is finished being sprayed. Video spots featuring the dancing Hernandez duo and new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology can be seen on YouTube, with Febreze products available to purchase in Walmart stores and at walmart.com/febreze. About Febreze In 1998, Procter & Gamble (P&G) gave households a breath of fresh air with the launch of Febreze®, known today as the preeminent brand for providing a fresh, clean scent and eliminating odors from fabrics and the air. Febreze® boasts a line of products with freshness capabilities that range from ridding of pet odors and tackling sweat stink to decorating the home with scent and freshening on the go. Febreze® continues to be one of the fastest growing brands in P&G’s portfolio of household brands and bring innovative products to market. Fresh air is an essential and basic human right, and that the air we breathe can give us “fresh starts.” About Procter & Gamble P&G serves consumers around the world with one of the strongest portfolios of trusted, quality, leadership brands, including Always®, Ambi Pur®, Ariel®, Bounty®, Charmin®, Crest®, Dawn®, Downy®, Fairy®, Febreze®, Gain®, Gillette®, Head & Shoulders®, Lenor®, Olay®, Oral-B®, Pampers®, Pantene®, SK-II®, Tide®, Vicks®, and Whisper®. The P&G community includes operations in approximately 70 countries worldwide. Please visit http://www.pg.com for the latest news and information about P&G and its brands. Contacts For Febreze: Procter & Gamble Tim Marrin, 479-200-7525 Marrin.TP@pg.com or Mitchell Communications Group Kay McDowell, 479-439-3772 kay.mcdowell@mitchcommgroup.com Release Summary Olympic gold medalist Laurie Hernandez and her mom, Wanda, are partnering with Febreze available at Walmart to promote the new Febreze with OdorClear™ technology in a campaign launching this month. Contacts For Febreze: Procter & Gamble Tim Marrin, 479-200-7525 Marrin.TP@pg.com or Mitchell Communications Group Kay McDowell, 479-439-3772 kay.mcdowell@mitchcommgroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Marketing LATEST NEWS Dhinakaran asked to appear before Delhi Police on Saturday Classy Kane Williamson stands out amid IPL binge-hitting Panchkula AJL case: ED questions Vora, ex-Congress CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda Cashew nut exports fall by 16 per cent; domestic consumption witnesses growth Modi government is rolling out the red carpet for foreign investors like never before RBI to keep rates steady over the next 18 months: Poll Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding Legal Money Biz Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development BrandingMarketing ET Home›Small Biz›Marketing-Branding›Marketing 11:58 AM | 20 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,41376.91 NIFTY 50 9,13329.60 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,239-66.00 USD/INR 64.630.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Wal-Mart looks at online presence, Amazon considers offline stores By Bloomberg | Updated: Apr 19, 2017, 10.26 AM IST Post a Comment Amazon and Wal-Mart as a quasi-duopoly, both investing billions for the long term, is terrible news for the rest of the retail industry. Malls and big-box stores may be left cutting costs endlessly and squabbling over fewer and fewer retail dollars. Generate Inquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You By Conor Sen Amazon and Wal-Mart might once have existed in parallel universes, but these days they're in a price war. Both giants are now seeking to make acquisitions to compete on the other's turf. Amazon.com Inc. is going to have a significant brick-and-mortar presence. The only remaining question is when and how. Perhaps it'll be a new high-tech store created by Amazon wizardry, like Amazon Go grocery store, which was announced early this year. The company is slowly rolling out physical bookstores. But last week there were signs that Amazon could accelerate that push via an acquisition in one form or another. First was the report that Amazon considered buying Whole Foods last fall. And then over the weekend there was a report that BJ's Wholesale Club is putting itself up for sale, with Amazon showing some interest. Amazon's logic is straightforward: It wants to sell to consumers wherever consumers want to buy, and plenty of sales still happen in stores. Amazon's revenue in 2016, which includes all of its businesses, not just selling goods to consumers, was $136 billion, still barely more than a quarter of Wal-Mart's $486 billion. Whole Foods and BJ's each have annual revenue north of $10 billion. Assuming Amazon does make a big push into stores, it would be following the path blazed by Sears a century ago, when it took advantage of an expanded railroad network -- the internet of its time -- to build a catalog business that eventually led to a large physical retail presence. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is hardly the hapless dinosaur some think. Doug McMillon, who at 50 is younger than Jeff Bezos of Amazon, became the company's CEO in 2014. One of his first moves was announcing pay increases for employees in February 2015. At the time some saw it as a political move, to take heat off the company for its reputation in some circles as bad for communities and workers. When investors realized how much the wage increase would affect the company's bottom line, they crushed the stock. In 2015 Wal-Mart stock finished down 28.6 percent, one of the worst performers of the Dow Jones Industrial Average. But the wage increase showed that Wal-Mart understood something before most of its brick-and-mortar competitors did. First, the labor market was tightening, especially for lower-wage service workers, and Wal-Mart wanted to ensure it had good workers. And second, the in-store experience for shoppers had slipped, and needed to improve if Wal-Mart hoped to stabilize its business. Wal-Mart then turned to the online threat posed by Amazon and others. Last August, it bought the fast-growing e-commerce startup Jet.com for $3.3 billion. As part of the deal, Jet.com's CEO, Marc Lore, took over Wal-Mart's online operations. In his first several months in that role, Lore has made a few small acquisitions -- including ModCloth, MooseJaw and ShoeBuy. But it's the report that Wal-Mart is looking to buy online men's fashion retailer Bonobos that starts to give the company's strategy a little more clarity. Amazon might have created the most powerful and frictionless e-commerce machine in history, but it's been less successful at creating its own brands. That gives Wal-Mart an opening. Wal-Mart may be building a portfolio of online brands, for which it could then conceivably control distribution -- online, offline or both. Perhaps one day shoppers will be able to buy Bonobos in physical Wal-Mart stores, but not at any other store. Wal-Mart's ownership structure and cash flow position allow it to employ an Amazon-like patient, long-term strategy. The Walton family still owns 51 percent of the company's shares. Good luck to any activist investor trying to shake that grip. And with annual profits north of $10 billion, it can afford to make calculated acquisitions as it tweaks its online strategy. Amazon and Wal-Mart as a quasi-duopoly, both investing billions for the long term, is terrible news for the rest of the retail industry. Malls and big-box stores may be left cutting costs endlessly and squabbling over fewer and fewer retail dollars. Unless they can sell themselves to Amazon or Wal-Mart. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of the editorial board or Bloomberg LP and its owners. Comments(0)Add Comments Wal-Mart looks at online presence, Amazon considers offline stores To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Wal-Mart to discount online-only items delivered to stores Wal-Mart opts for free, faster shipping on necessities Wal-Mart keeps working to make inroads against Amazon Wal-Mart to add about 10,000 retail jobs in the US READ MORE ONWhole FoodsBJAmazon.comAmazon GoAmazon Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share Could You Discover Photos of Your Ancestors? AncestryMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times This game will keep you up all night! Pirates: Free Online Game Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs? Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads Top Online MBA Programs with No GMAT Requirement Find Your Context Relax on Vacation With The Security of a Smart Home Alarm.com What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented After Flipkart, SoftBank eyes a stake in Paytm Radhakishan Damani: His journey from Dalal Street punter, to long-term investor, to entrepreneur Snapchat shares drop following CEO's alleged "India too poor" comment Goldman, Credit Suisse to set terms for Flipkart's Snapdeal buy SAP banks on startups for tech disruption; more than doubles list for India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBahubali 2|BSE Sensex SRH vs DD|Gold rate today Sensex|IPL 2017 Income Tax Slabs Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
rediff.com Rediff Business News Business Movies Sports Get Ahead  rediff NewsApp  NewsApp (Free)Read news as it happens Available on   Sign in  |  Create a Rediffmail account Rediff News  All News  Rediff.com  » Business » How Indian women are helping Walmart grow How Indian women are helping Walmart grow April 19, 2017 08:29 IST Sudipto Dey in conversation with Walmart India president and CEO Krish Iyer. How Wal-Mart got a foot in the door of India's retail IMAGE: Inside a Best Price Modern Wholesale store, a joint venture of Walmart Stores Inc and Bharti Enterprises, in Punjab. Walmart India became a 100 per cent subsidiary of Walmart Stores International from January 2014. Photograph: Ajay Verma/Reuters. Walmart India is gearing up to roll out more stores from the first quarter of the next financial year, says its president and chief executive officer, Krish Iyer. On the sidelines of the graduation ceremony of the Walmart Women Entrepreneurship Development Programme, Iyer shared his views with a select group of journalists on the global retail major's various India initiatives. The Indian touch to Walmart stores When you joined in 2014, Walmart's India project was going through some turbulence. How have the past three years been in terms of what you set out to achieve? Walmart India became a 100 per cent subsidiary of Walmart Stores International from January 2014. The past three years were good. Our focus was on building a strategy for our cash-and-carry business, creating growth plans for the next few years, and setting the agenda for the right way of doing business. There was a lot of focus on compliance and (having) robust processes within the business. Overall, we have built the foundation for a pipeline of stores for future growth. We have done well in all these measures. We are ready to roll out more stores on the ground from early next year. We have 21 stores, and are on track to have 50 by 2021. As we speak, we have 16 stores in the pipeline, at various stages of development. Are you looking at presence in any state other than where you are present? Our major focus has been on states where we are already present. So, the new stores will be in Punjab, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Madhya Pradesh and Maharashtra. We are currently not looking at new states, but have been studying Karnataka with a lot of interest. A deeper penetration in existing states makes better business sense. How much of what is sold in India is being sourced from within the country? Local sourcing makes a lot of sense from economics point of view. Imports are expensive. Safely, 97 per cent of what we sell in our stores is locally procured. Locally produced goods have a lot of demand with our customers, namely the kirana stores. Has Walmart India taken any call on whether it wants to enter the food retail space (which was opened up for 100 per cent FDI last year)? It (100 per cent FDI) is a good initiative towards helping farmers double their income. It will reduce food wastage and help in development of cold storage backend. We have been evaluating the guidelines and at an appropriate time will look at that sector. How ready is Walmart India for GST from July 1? As soon as the rates are announced, we would be 100 per cent ready. The preparation is in progress. It is also important to help our partners in the whole process. Many of our partners are small and medium enterprises and regional suppliers. Helping and educating them is also an important part of the agenda. What is the idea behind Walmart Women Entrepreneurship Development Programme? Are there plans to increase the number of woman suppliers in the supply chain? The focus of the women entrepreneurship programme has been on depth and not scale. We have taken 32 women-owned businesses as part of the nine-month programme that initially started as a pilot. Strategically, it works well for Walmart India to have a pipeline of women suppliers in the ecosystem. When women become entrepreneurs, their social status in the country also goes up. We currently have around 50 women suppliers in our ecosystem -- around nine from this group are getting on board. We started in 2015 with the target of doubling the sourcing (from women suppliers) from the India market. We will launch another programme this year to take this forward. One of the researches done by Walmart in the United States a couple of years ago showed that products from women-owned business were perceived to be of higher quality by the customers. We launched a woman-owned business logo and put it on these products and the shelf. We found customers had greater liking for these products. From that point of view, supporting women-owned business is a strategic initiative and makes good business sense. As part of increasing gender diversity in India, we have been able to increase women participation at the store level to 16 per cent across all our stores. Our target is to have 25 per cent women store managers over the next five years. Would you go for Walmart or 'Agarwalmart'? Sudipto Dey Source: Tags: Walmart, India, FDI, retail, food retail Share this Write a Comment Print this article   ALSO READ MOST RECENT   MOST COMMENTED The Walmart protests that India IGNORED Indian retail KINGS around the world! Why FDI in retail MUST be supported Walmart keen to retail processed food in India Which is the most profitable retail chain in India? 'Go back to India': Woman screams at Asians on Irish train Now, Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad in verbal spat with cops EC bribery case: Delhi police serves summons to Dinakaran Babri demolition: Advani, Joshi, Uma to face trial Babri case: PM Modi holds meeting with senior BJP leaders Is India investing enough in infrastructure? Old ideas have a very long life in India TCS unperturbed by possible changes to H1-B visa regime: Gopinathan Are we destroying leadership at the IITs? Petrol pumps will remain shut on Sundays in 8 states Moneywiz Live! Business emailOffice email AppDomain registrationWebsiteRediffmailMoneyCompany emailOnline ShoppingBooksGiftsVideosBlogsBuzz India Business News  |  Indian Stock Market News  |  Bollywood Movies  |  Indian Cricket News  |  India News © 2017 Rediff.com - Investors - Advertise - Disclaimer - Privacy - Careers - Feedback | Terms of use ▲
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Fired O'Reilly's name is ERASED from his Fox show as deadpan fill-in host Dana Perino spends just a MINUTE saying goodbye to the 'undisputed king of cable news' after his 20 years at network Fight for Aaron's millions: The families of Hernandez's victims go to war over his estate - including a $3.5m Patriots bonus - as Odin Lloyd's mom says the NFL star's suicide was 'another form of justice' Bill Gates warns biological terror attack could wipe out 30 million people and be more destructive than a nuclear attack Prince's new album is pulled from iTunes as the late singer's estate tries to block release of previously unheard music Iran nuclear deal has 'failed' says Tillerson - and he raises prospect of Trump administration scuttle treaty with the ayatollahs completely 'Bill likes to put up dirty pictures and ask pretty girls to talk about them': Ex Fox analyst reveals new Bill O'Reilly allegations and says Roger Ailes told her 'he makes so much money there's nothing I can do' Silent partner: How Lachlan Murdoch's wife Sarah 'convinced him and Rupert to fire Bill O'Reilly' 'We part ways due to completely unfounded claims': Defiant Bill O'Reilly issues statement insisting he did NOTHING wrong and wishes Fox News 'the best' after being fired after Murdoch sons turn on him Two NEW women accuse Bill O'Reilly of harassment hours after he is formally fired from Fox News The new king of prime time: Tucker Carlson to get O'Reilly's 8pm slot just THREE months after taking over from Megyn Kelly EXCLUSIVE - Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left a message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead of a prescription drug overdose Couple caught having sex on the beach near Mar-a-Lago by Coast Guard crew patrolling the area while Trump was in town CIA launches manhunt for Wikileaks leaker who exposed how the agency spies on smartphones, smart televisions and computer systems  Husband insists pioneering African American judge did NOT commit suicide and asks for help solving the mystery of her 'suspicious' death Defiant Ann Coulter says she WILL speak at Berkeley after her appearance was cancelled over fears of violence in wake of huge brawl between anti-Trump protesters and his supporters Parents' fury as their ten-year-old son is kicked off overbooked Air Canada flight WITHOUT them - forcing them to give up their own seats and drive hundreds of miles to catch another flight for dream vacation Swapping nude photos in the Navy and Marine Corps is now a crime after revenge porn Facebook group scandal Police pay a mystery visit to Richard Simmons' home just hours after he spoke out for the first time in three YEARS to say he had been hospitalized for indigestion How does he do that? Strongman shows amazing strength with one-armed push-ups but then... Former crack addict who claims Seattle mayor paid him $10 for sex on the street comes forward after he was accused of being a liar SeaWorld's last ever killer whale? Baby orca born in captivity in Texas could be the last one to be kept at the park after outrage at Blackfish documentary EXCLUSIVE: The distraught lookalike brother of Aaron Hernandez is seen leaving his mother's home in the wake of the former Patriots player's suicide Aaron Hernandez's lawyer suggests the disgraced NFL player was murdered as former agent says there was 'absolutely no chance' he would have taken his own life The spectacular rise and fall of Aaron Hernandez: How a boy from a loving family threw away his incredible talent to live like a gangster after going off the rails when his father died Previous Next 'There's nothing wrong with that': What naked man, 21, said to cops after 'stabbing three people while high on LSD and wandering around Wal-Mart covered in blood Adam Presley, 21, was arrested while naked in a rural Georgia Wal-Mart  He told police he stabbed three people and 'there's nothing wrong with that' Authorities found his victims at a nearby house, one is now in intensive care unit Presley admitted to being high on LSD during the incident   By Anna Hopkins For Dailymail.com Published: 21:57 EDT, 18 April 2017 | Updated: 04:12 EDT, 19 April 2017 e-mail 79 shares 51 View comments Adam Presley, 21, was tasered and arrested in Athens, Georgia while walking naked through a Wal-Mart. He told police that he had stabbed several people nearby and that he was high on LSD A 21-year-old man was arrested after he allegedly stabbed three people and walked naked through a Wal-Mart under the influence of LSD. Adam Presley was apprehended after police were called to the superstore on Lexington Road in Athens, Georgia, and discovered him walking the isles unclothed and covered in blood. After being tasered and physically subdued, he told medical personnel on the scene that he was under the influence of the psychedelic drug and had stabbed several people - and that 'there's nothing wrong with that,' according to police. Officers were simultaneously attending to the stabbing scene on the 400 block of Meadow Lane, just down the road from the Wal Mart, according to the Athens Banner-Herald. Three people were found in the home with stab wounds in the early hours of Saturday morning.  His three alleged victims suffered stab wounds to their abdomen, face and back. One is said to still be in the intensive care unit from the incident on Saturday RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Australian model, 22, who was badly burned in an acid attack... First picture of the Palestinian accused of stabbing... Share this article Share One male had a gash to his face, another had lacerations to his back, and a female had been stabbed in the lower abdomen. The identities of the victims have not yet been released - though one is said to have been admitted to the intensive care unit of an Athens-Clarke County hospital. Another victim's injuries were considered 'severe,' and the condition of the third victim could not be reported. Presley was apprehended after police were called to the superstore on Lexington Road in Athens, Georgia, and discovered him walking the isles unclothed and covered in blood EMS on the scene determined that the blood on Presley was actually his own and not that of his alleged victims. Investigators found that he had smashed a car window in the parking lot outside the Wal-Mart before entering, which was the cause of his injury. According to social media, he works at the Skate Park of Athens, located across the street from Wal-Mart and the Meadow Lane crime scene. Presley faces charges of three counts of aggravated assault and one count of aggravated battery. He is being held at Clarke County Jail without bond. Read more: Three stabbed in Athens by man under influence of LSD | Online Athens Share or comment on this article e-mail 79 shares Most watched News videos Farmer gives very 'country' account of car crash and bee attack Players in disbelief as sex noises halt tennis match Irish woman's shocking racist rant against Indian passenger North Korean performance shows simulated bombing of US city Man shows 'incredible strength' to pull off one-armed push-ups 'Will my kids be okay?': PTSD sufferer asks Prince William Brutal footage shows bouncer punching woman in the face Former Patriot Aaron Hernandez found hanging in his prison cell AFL player receives awkward massage from female physio Dramatic moment drinker attacks landlady in pub beer garden 'Need some help?': Gronk crashes Spicer's press briefing Moment Two-year-old gets emotional when listening to opera Revealed: Disgraced Patriots star Aaron Hernandez may... The sad life of Shayanna Jenkins: Widowed without being... Aaron Hernandez 'wrote bible verse John 3:16 on his... North Korea wipes out US city with massive nuclear... 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William... 'We part ways due to completely unfounded claims':... Factory worker sticks a 1.6ft long eel into his anus... The spectacular rise and fall of Aaron Hernandez: How a... Inside the ghost town in North Korean built by South... Mother-of-four, 36, killed herself after she lost custody... Theresa May warns Britain about a 'coalition of chaos'... Bottoms up! 'The Flying Bum' - the world's biggest... Surgeon who cut off four-year-old's penis while carrying... Italy's 'orgy island' where Marquis would hold wild... NFL stars and Snoop Dogg slammed by fans for their... That’s not what we meant by love-all! Crunch tennis match... Enormous iceberg 50ft taller than the one that sank the... Theresa May hints at mass clearout of Cameron's legacy:... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 51 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Frmer Desperate Housewives actress  Busting for date night! Jessica Simpson puts her cleavage on show in plunging maxi dress for dinner with Eric Johnson She put her assets on display  'March for climate, jobs, and justice': Supermodel Gisele posts an anti-Trump tweet as husband Brady skips Patriots team visit to the White House  What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman  My, how you've changed: Elsa Pataky, 40, is barely recognizable as retro photos show the Fate Of The Furious star's transformation 'It was a choice': Food Network star Ina Garten says she didn't have kids in order to live life the way she wanted to Jointly agreed early on in their relationship EXCLUSIVE - Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left a message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead  'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together Former OC star 'I've never been so angry': Fuming Kris Jenner confronts ex husband Caitlyn after reading manuscript of her tell-all memoir in preview of KUWTK The photographer First Lady: Melania Trump's artsy snaps of Central Park, risque selfies and portraits of her 'two champions' Donald and Barron before she went quiet on social media Chest amazing! Demi Lovato slips into yet another plunging swimsuit as she shows off her curvy figure Cool For The Summer singer  So in love! Gorgeous Zoe Saldana looks smitten as she cuddles husband Marco Perego at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Los Angeles Becoming a blended family! Jennifer Lopez posts heartwarming photo of daughter Emme and new boyfriend Alex Rodriguez' daughter Natasha on Instagram Specs appeal! Rihanna arrives at LAX wearing bizarre white-framed shades for flight out of Los Angeles The Love On the Brain singer  Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her Police pay a mystery visit to Richard Simmons' home just hours after he spoke out for the first time in three YEARS to say he had been hospitalized for indigestion  Home for the holidays! Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright celebrate the end of this season of Vanderpump Rules with a family vacation In Tarpon Springs, Florida All bundled up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons two wintry coats for filming of HBO hit Divorce in NYC A quick change on set in the Big Apple Sylvester Stallone and wife Jennifer hit Guardians Of The Galaxy premiere with their three knockout daughters Played Rocky Balboa Ivanka Trump returns to the White House for first day back from Canadian ski getaway - after the family arrives home early in the morning Got her party face on! Demi Moore wears minimal makeup but gets very animated at the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash She is 54 Matching cleavage! Christie Brinkley, 63, and lookalike daughter Sailor, 18, flaunt model figures in contrasting outfits at NYC event The former supermodel All that glitters! Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown as she attends Harper's Bazaar bash in New York A shining star Date night! Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn look loved up as ever at the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere  The 66-year-old actor and his 71-year-old love  Woah baby! Serena Williams reveals she's 20 weeks pregnant with first child (and even managed Australian grand slam win during first trimester)  Chris Pratt shares sweet kiss with Anna Faris at premiere of Guardians Of The Galaxy... after she posts shirtless snap of him preparing for big night Chatting with one of the Girls? Lena Dunham shows off her pert posterior in leggings as she takes phone call in LA She's toned up Tough headmistress Nicole Kidman tries to kill Colin Farrell after he seduces Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning in new trailer for The Beguiled Upcoming Civil War thriller 'I Am Heath Ledger' documentary set to premiere in the late actor's hometown of Perth ahead of one-week ONLY cinema release in Australia 'Oiled up': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiance Kayla Rae Reid shows off bare bump as she applies cream to belly while wearing sports bra and panties 'I just can't!' Madonna shares sweet snap of her twins hugging as son David bonds with his new sister Her adopted children are her Ray Of Light Casual couple! LeAnn Rimes pairs black cropped t-shirt with quirky jumpsuit for stroll through LAX with Eddie Cibrian They married six years ago  Her wild side! Sarah Paulson rocks leopard print coat at Broadway opening of The Little Foxes The People v. O.J. Simpson star  Jennifer Garner's husband Bryan Cranston goes missing in chilling trailer for new drama Wakefield She plays Diana Wakefield Kelly Bensimon wows in sparkly magenta dress and gold belt at Food Bank fundraiser in NYC  She is a former Real Housewives of New York 'I found my husband to be at this same location two years ago!' Shanina Shaik cosies up to fiancé DJ Ruckus at Coachella's Neon Carnival as they celebrate anniversary No Deliverance! Prince's new album pulled from iTunes as the late singer's estate tries to block release of previously unheard music Dream Girl! Jennifer Hudson shows off her fabulous figure in tiny mini-dress at Clive Davis film premiere in New York City On the red carpet Any shade will do! Fifty Shades Of Grey star Dakota Johnson shields eyes from the sun as she flaunts lithe figure in yoga gear She is the star of Fifty Shades Of Gray Ladds night out! Charlie's Angel's star Cheryl enjoys night out at Hollywood premiere with her lookalike daughter Hitting the town Green goddess! Kate Bosworth is a serene beauty at National Geographic upfronts in New York City At Jazz at Lincoln Center in the Big Apple 'There are days where I feel completely off my rocker': Kelly Rowland reveals she meditates and prays as she juggles her family and career life ahead of The Voice That's a close call! Bella Hadid almost flashes her underwear as she climbs into car wearing tiny retro mini and tights following night out in London Bride's fairytale wedding gown sparks a social media frenzy and becomes the most liked wedding dress EVER on Instagram... so would YOU wear it? A for effort! Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson and Lucy Hale embrace their dark style sides as they promote the final season of Pretty Little Liars New romance? Halle Berry smiles on date with mystery man... but it's all for a photo shoot The 50-year-old actress was seen Wednesday wearing a large brown hat  Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill Bared some skin Gabby so-leaps! Eva Longoria shows off her fab figure as she dives into the pool on Hawaiian getaway Said on Snapchat she 'wasn't going to post anything on vacation' Charlize Theron reveals she tries to never leave home for 'more than a week' due to children... and says she is like 'any other single working mum' 'Everyone f***s things up': Actress Elizabeth Debicki opens up about the vulnerability she suffers as says she's tired of 'boring' comparisons to Cate Blanchett PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway after partying at Coachella  Victoria and David Beckham hid under a sheet to help him dodge the cameras as she gets her OBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace  Settling into fatherhood! Jeff Lewis shares video of daughter Monroe... after revealing Kim Zolciak has been 'most supportive' celebrity pal Amy Schumer struts her stuff in black gym shorts and plunging white tank on a power walk in West Hollywood The comedienne went make-up free  Fab in florals! Tyra Banks is radiant in colorful pantsuit at star-studded TV event...as she is confirmed for Life-Size sequel Yes, Wills and Harry have suffered. But will the public respect a king who lets his emotions all hang out, asks STEPHEN GLOVER They have been very frank Pippa's fiance pulls out of his brother's TV venture: James Matthews quits his position as director of production company She's preparing to wed 'I'm not just going to palm him off': Actress Teresa Palmer on why she won't hire a nanny as she gushes about the 'profound love' she feels as a mum Hacksaw Ridge actress No comment! Olivia de Havilland hasn't watched FX's Feud and objects 'in principle' to dramatising Joan Crawford and Bette Davis rivalry 'It's going to be a scarier version': Chris Pratt teases the storyline behind upcoming sequel Jurassic World 2 Fans await its sequel 'It's hard to talk about': Lea Michele reveals she almost didn't include song about Cory Monteith on her new album New album Places 'Surreal': Chris Pratt shares behind-the-scenes picture of the making of his Hollywood Walk Of Fame star He is 37 Purple Rain leak! The secret bonus track list for the deluxe reissue of late pop star Prince's iconic album is out ...seven weeks before its release 'I love the big guy!' Australian singer Delta Goodrem continues to fuel romance rumours with The Voice co-star Seal  He's Heidi Klum's ex Baby on board! Katherine Heigl slips on motorcycle jacket and jeans for flight out of LAX with four-month-old son Joshua Jr. Ex Grey's Anatomy star 'Fascinating in every way': Fixer Upper's Chip Gaines raves about wife Joanna on her 39th birthday The HGTV star posted a picture of his wife  Caitlyn Jenner steps out after revealing she wasn't 'entirely comfortable' having sex with wife Kris during 24 year marriage Spilled bedroom secrets Flipping great news! Olympic gymnast Carly Patterson reveals that she is pregnant with her first 'miracle' child, after 'struggling for quite some time' to conceive 'Harry is a hero': Duchess of Cambridge praises 'brilliant' brother-in-law for speaking up about his mental health struggles after Diana's death Something for Miley? Liam Hemsworth cuts a casual figure in jeans and Lumberjack shirt as runs errands in Los Angeles  Had his hands full Tina Arena, 49, reflects on four decades in music and says she would warn her younger self that 'everybody has a hidden agenda' She's the Australian singing legend Beaming Lisa Snowdon dazzles in flirty frilled blouse as she cosies up to dashing fiancé George Smart at star-studded art gallery bash George Clooney's ex The Timberlakes take Manhattan! Justin goes incognito in black outfit as wife Jessica Biel cradles son Silas... after snapping up $27.5m pad in NYC 'There's a baby cooking up in there!': Survivor star Caleb Reynolds announces pregnancy with wife Ashley Jay via sweet Twitter snaps Who's that curl? How Meghan Markle's latest flowing, curly hairstyle makes her look more like Kate than ever The similarities were striking Producer of The Hangover and We're the Millers JC Spink is found dead at his Hollywood home at the age of 45 Producer of The Hangover trilogy 'A lot of people use him to enhance their profile': Chris Brown's lawyer accuses Karrueche Tran of lying about abuse to garner more fame He's Rhianna's ex The new king of prime time: Tucker Carlson to get O'Reilly's 8pm slot just THREE months after taking over for Megyn Kelly at 9 All change 'He was pushed to be a heartthrob': Heath Ledger's childhood friend says the late actor 'refused' to be type-cast as a Hollywood leading man  From Gaga's rainbow mani to Vanessa Hudgens' crystal-adorned look: Get inspired for your next salon visit by the coolest nail art spotted at Coachella Javier Bardem smolders on the cover of Esquire magazine as he opens up about his marriage to Penelope Cruz Revealing all KATIE HOPKINS: I'm sorry but I LIKE my Royals calm, cold and ever-so-slightly-heartless - not oversharing their issues like a talk show guest  'I've never kissed another man in my life!' Celine Dion reveals it is 'definitely too soon' to start dating again following the death of her husband Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal   Romantic date night  Conjuring up some magic? Will Smith 'in talks to take on the late Robin Williams' role as the Genie' in Disney's live-action remake of Aladdin Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA The 35-year-old flaunted her bump  'I thought she was editing it out!' Nicki Minaj is SLAMMED for leaving Westminster Bridge footage in new No Frauds music video... shot the day before terror attack Khloe Kardashian rocks track pants after visiting Tristan Thompson...as it's claimed she is 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over new tell-all book 'He's funny... and has a big c***': Heather Locklear crudely reveals the appeal of ex David Spade amid his romance with Naya Rivera White House stalker who went to Malia Obama's internship and begged her to marry him and even pretended to be BLIND to follow her is detained  Get ready beauty lovers! Kylie Jenner gives her fans a sneak peek at new KKW make-up collaboration with sister Kim Kardashian  Newly single Mel B wows in a striped blue dress as she steps out for meeting... after it's revealed star will join Spice Girls reunion following marriage split  'Thank god I was born in 1981': Nicole Richie says she's grateful social media wasn't around during her teens and 20s when she battled addiction  Showing him what he's missing! Mariah Carey, 47, flaunts her generous chest in low-cut LBD after split from beau Bryan Tanaka, 34 Showed off her assets  Things working out? Hilary Duff shows off toned legs in skintight leggings as she exercises with (and stares adoringly at) ex Jason Walsh Melissa George, 40, looks radiant and refreshed as she steps out for dinner in Paris amid bitter custody battle with ex partner Jean-David Blanc Travel in style! FEMAIL talks to the designers behind Away - a Suki Waterhouse approved luggage brand - on how to pack a suitcase properly Jon Hamm's kidnapper divorces the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt in new season three trailer The 46-year-old Mad Men alum  Show me the money! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is 'asking HGTV for $1 MILLION per season' to keep her... and she wants ex Tarek 'dumped' Yankees legend Derek Jeter and ex-Florida Governor Jeb Bush 'team up to bid for the Miami Marlins who are on sale for over $1.5billion' Netty...but nice! Famous In Love star Bella Thorne rocks fishnet body suit with crop top and pants at promo event Talked up new series Doting dad! Ben Affleck steps out with son Samuel... after it's revealed Jennifer Garner 'waited to file for divorce until after his rehab stint' Getting her smile back: Billie Lourd is cheered up by beau Taylor Lautner as she puts on a leggy display during shopping trip Looked playful Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian are 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over tell-all book while Kendall and Kylie are 'in tears' over certain 'surprises' 'Knowing you care has made me feel better': Richard Simmons speaks out for the first time in three YEARS after his hospitalization for indigestion Wearing her heart on her shirt! Jennifer Lopez declares she's 'blind for love' while out for dinner with Alex Rodriguez in Miami Pair look smitten   My mini me! Jenna Dewan enjoys girls' day out with daughter Everly The actress and her daughter, who turns four next month, enjoyed some bonding time  Ready to mingle? Brad Pitt 'has been dating a bit' just six months after split with Angelina Jolie The 53-year-old actor is reportedly getting out and being social  Had your feast of Easter eggs? Turn them into a face mask! FEMAIL looks at the recipes that will keep you glowing including white chocolate body butter Happy birthday sweetie! Katie Holmes unveils three cakes for daughter Suri's 11th birthday party... while Tom Cruise jets around Europe Out of this world! Gigi Hadid wears NASA cap with oversized sweats on casual solo outing in New York Covered up on a solo outing in the Big Apple Strike a pose! Sports Illustrated beauty Ashley Graham flashes her cleavage and shapely legs in slinky LBD for New York photo shoot Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her blossoming bump in a jumpsuit on Instagram... just a day after celebrating her 30th birthday 'I didn't want to fail this child!': Katherine Heigl says she deliberated for nine months before naming son after husband Joshua Kelley 'The Internet is not nice!': Blake Lively reveals she stopped Googling herself because haters pushed her into 'full depression' Doesn't want to see it  'Double trouble': Alexa Chung wears playful slogan T-shirt with oversized fluffy jacket and cropped jeans as she touches down in LA  She's a fashionista  Prince's estate sues his long-time sound engineer over planned release of six unheard tracks from the late singer, citing 'theft and misappropriation' Disgraced former NFL star Aaron Hernandez kills himself in prison days after the convicted killer was acquitted of double murder  Found dead in his cell NFL stars and Snoop Dogg slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison  Tom Brady cancels White House visit celebrating Super Bowl  after Aaron Hernandez commits suicide - then says he is 'celebrating his parents' anniversary  Ronnie Wood's ex Jo is left 'furious' after she was thrown off an overbooked flight on her way home from Easter break  On vacation in Spain Sylvester Stallone's three daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit Harper by Harper's BAZAAR Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price' Hourglass shape Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle Richard Simmons 'used disguises and a cane to go shopping at local mall' despite reports he hasn't left his Hollywood Hills home in three years 'Claustrophobia rocks!' Josh Brolin begins pre-production for Deadpool 2 with face cast as Cable Plays a mutant with a bionic arm The feud rages on! Matt Damon is kicked off a United Airlines flight by Jimmy Kimmel in new spoof The made-for-TV war continued  Standing up to an icon! Nicole Richie, 5ft1in, climbs on coffee table to match 6ft9in Magic Johnson's height backstage at The Ellen Show Rita Ora flaunts her nipple pasties as she goes braless under semi-sheer gold bodysuit while dancing up a storm in VERY racy video Revealed: Jennifer Garner 'didn't file for divorce from Ben until AFTER he got out of rehab' because she wanted to minimize his 'struggle' Nicki Minaj puts on a very buxom display as she romps with a shirtless model in teaser for her dark new video Regret In Your Tears 'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ The 57-year-old NBA legend has a great father-son bond   Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before starring in first international fashion campaign Irina Shayk reveals her jaw-dropping post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth to their first child Julia Roberts receives People Magazine's World's Most Beautiful accolade for a record FIFTH time... and jokes about beating pal George Clooney Louvre it or leave it? Bella Hadid drowns her svelte physique in a baggy camouflage jumpsuit as she arrives in London by train from Paris  Pregnant Bristol Palin posts throwback video of Down syndrome brother Trig in honor of his ninth birthday, while their mom posts a snap of him with a cupcake Treating herself: Gemma Arterton keeps it casual yet chic as she hits the boutiques of Paris in a tweed jacket and skinny jeans Enjoying down time  Turkish trolls tank the new Christian Bale film 'The Promise' on IMDB with one-star reviews before it's even released in attempt to discredit the Armenian genocide Brooklyn Beckham cuts a casual figure in a flat cap as he larks about with his pals while his mother Victoria receives her OBE at Buckingham Palace Jaime King wears 'Refugees Welcome' T-shirt to shop with her two sons and nanny in Beverly Hills Actress made a humanitarian statement 'I love him and I miss him': New dad Liam Payne speaks about fatherhood for the first time in Los Angeles as he admits his young son is 'doing good' Courting attention? Australian model Skye Wheatley bares her bronzed derriere and sizeable sideboob in a G-string swimsuit as she hits the tennis court Bikini-clad Ola Jordan puts on another scintillating display as she poses for busty selfies during romantic break in the Maldives with husband James  'There is no way she's going to leave the country with a newborn': New mum Cheryl will NOT be making her post-baby red carpet return at Cannes  'I was totally a fish out of water' The Hunger Games' Sam Claflin reveals he struggled to transition from life as a football player to starring in blockbusters Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama The Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family  'I was a really tragic 13-year-old': Kate Beckinsale shares cringy postcard from her childhood crush Rob Lowe 'proposing marriage' Start your engines! Lady Gaga passionately kisses Bradley Cooper on a motorcyle as they film racy scenes for A Star Is Born Things got steamy 'Animal loving' fashion designer, 48, who dressed Rhianna and Kanye West is fined $5,120 after he admits selling skulls and shells of endangered animals Bella Hadid flashes her abs as she steps out in quirky blue corduroy tracksuit for afternoon jaunt in Paris Caught the eye of many in French capital Hands-on mother! Elsa Pataky dotes on precious daughter India Rose at L'Oréal hair care launch Chris Hemsworth's wife was in Sydney Bella Thorne shows off her pierced nipple in a see-through top as she poses for a sizzling social media snap Showed off her many piercings Hailey Baldwin looks effortlessly stylish in mismatched lemon coat and denim shorts as she recovers from long weekend at Coachella in Beverly Hills Lara Stone displays her ample assets as she strips off for daring Love magazine topless shoot Tantalising tangerine stickers were used to cover her nipples Harry's little helper! Prince and an adorable young fan open the London Marathon Expo in his first appearance since mental health revelations 'The flu can be an amazing diet!' Grateful Kim Kardashian credits recent illness for helping her lose 6Ibs ahead of the annual Met Gala That worked out well 'My FAT driver is questioning if I am healthy': Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol, as size 22 star vows to boycott  Just peachy! Rose Byrne looks radiant in a vibrant orange frock and striped bustier as she waves at fans outside CBS Morning Show studios Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid  EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she'll have to spend every dollar on chemo!'  Minnie Driver's bitter neighbor, 75, loses vicious legal battle to knock down wall  'It would kill me': Elsa Pataky says she dreads having nude photos of herself leaked by hackers and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones Graph shows Ivanka's clothing sales increased by 10,700% when Kellyanne Conway promoted her on TV - as outrage grows over China trademarks 'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?': Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt cradles her bump as she displays her incredible athleticism during dance class... shortly after announcing she's expecting again Fergie meets acting royalty: Duchess of York rubs shoulders with Kenneth Branagh at the star-studded launch of his wife's new book in London I'm a frayed show! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner flash their pins in stressed denim as they lunch in Beverly Hills Back from Coachella Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser  'I told Oprah Winfrey to shut the f**k up': Rose Byrne reveals she had words with media mogul on-set of new TV movie Australian actress spoke about the confrontation 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another Nina Dobrev cuts a low-key figure in a striped Tee aand skinny jeans while stepping out in LA... amid rumours she is now dating Orlando Bloom Horsing around! North West looks thrilled on merry-go-round during aunt Kourtney Kardashian's birthday celebrations at Disneyland Birthday babe! Kourtney Kardashian celebrates her 38th at Disneyland with ex Scott Disick, their kids and North West... hours after sharing nude snap 'Life is about to begin... literally!' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her beautiful bump as she celebrates 30th birthday with fiancé Jason Statham, 49 'It's funny it was so overly dramatised': Warren Beatty discusses his infamous Oscars ceremony blunder and deems the fuss 'silly'     DON'T MISS Fight club! RHOS rivals Lisa Oldfield and Matty Samaei shove each other on the red carpet in Sydney as they laugh off THAT art gallery clash 'Perfect!' Rande Gerber shares swimwear snap of wife Cindy Crawford as they mark the end of Coachella music festival In awe of his wife 'He should write his own music!' Harry Styles looks in high spirits at New York Rangers game... as fans accuse him of 'ripping off' rock band song Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she pines for Coachella in throwback snap Pining for the sunshine How you can get Blake Lively's figure: Try the star's simple 3-step workout that targets all your major muscles in one session  Top tips She's a natural! Youthful Elsa Pataky, 40, steps out in a sexy backless floral frock as ambassador for L'Oréal's Botanical hair care range Golden girl! Rosario Dawson shows off her toned legs in split gown at Unforgettable premiere She plays new trophy wife Julia Banks  'The shock never leaves you': Prince William speaks of the moment he was told his mother had died in emotional conversation with bereaved widow She IS on the guest list! Meghan Markle is said to be attending Pippa's wedding on Prince Harry's arm despite her 'no ring' rule (but there's a catch) Those baby blues! Jessica Biel flaunts her svelte frame in chic jumper and figure-hugging pencil skirt for The Sinner photocall Oozed elegance Olivia Munn is 'doing good and open to dating again' after split from Aaron Rodgers while athlete is 'picking up the pieces' New chapter Hot wheels! Heidi Klum keeps things casual in double denim as she nips around LA in flash classic convertible Ferrari after jetting home from Costa Rica When 2 Become... 3! Spice Girls reunion is BACK ON now Mel B's 'unnerving' husband Stephen Belafonte is out of the picture Good news for GEM fans Kris Jenner's fake home used in Keeping Up With The Kardashians hits the market for $9million Now is your chance to live like a reality star  'You know who you are': Luke Evans teases on Instagram he has rekindled romance with Jon Kortajarena They certainly made a handsome couple before they split Highlight of the night! Olympia Valance showcases her luscious blonde-streaked mane as she attends L'Oréal's Botanical haircare range launch Buffy The Vampire Slayer favorite Charisma Carpenter, 46, looks ageless in plunging sheer gown at Thirst Gala Went for a daring outfit Bunny breakdown! Lisa Rinna cries and walks off after Kim Richards returns gift on RHOBH reunion The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Reunion  Katie Couric's face DROPS as she is asked to weigh in on Megyn Kelly and Tamron Hall shake-up at 'Today' Was all smiles, until she was asked about drama Barry Manilow makes first concert appearance since publicly coming out and revealing marriage to manager Garry Kief Took to the stage Daddy's little girl! Chris Hemsworth makes hearts melt as he lavishes attention on sweet daughter India Rose during a day at the playground Fulfilling her Promise! Angela Sarafyan steals show at film's NYC screening in glittering sheer gown Best known for her turns as a robotic prostitute Will Michael Phelps make ANOTHER comeback? Record-breaking Olympian refuses to rule out a return to the pool  Sports icon 'I am still processing': Shannon Purser of Stranger Things comes out as bisexual in emotional Twitter post Came out to family and friends 'Like looking in the mirror': Blake Shelton goes platinum blonde with wig to tease Adam Levine on The Voice Shocked viewers of The Voice 'You made my day!': Faith Hill surprises adorable young fan who sings a duet with the country superstar The 49-year-old country songstress Alex Jones 'forgot what grade his kids were in during a custody trial deposition because he'd eaten a big bowl of CHILI for lunch,' court hears Deliverance! Previously unheard Prince track released ahead of one-year anniversary of his death... with more music to come Supporting her fellow angel! Behati Prinsloo rocks a pair of mom jeans and a beret style hat as she attends Rosie Huntington-Whiteley's 30th Kelsea Ballerini sparkles in cornflower blue strapless dress by Zac Posen at 2017 Symphony Fashion Show Looking radiant  Pucker up! Katherine Heigl's husband Josh Kelley plants a loving kiss on her cheek as she returns to the spotlight... just four months after giving birth 'Don't f***ing talk to us!': Alison Brie and Aubrey Plaza are bad nuns in hilarious trailer for The Little Hours Put on an hysterical performance 'Healing nicely!' The Bachelor's Lesley Murphy reveals her post double mastectomy body... and says she feel's 'lucky' She took to Instagram It's in the jeans! Model Jessica Gomes cuts a casual figure in double denim as she steps out in Los Angeles She casually strolled through West Hollywood Lacy lady! Rebel Wilson wears a one-piece swimsuit and lace kaftan as she enjoys Palm Springs poolside after catch up with Hugh Sheridan Baby, it's cold outside! Reese Witherspoon wraps up in a big black coat as she steps out in NYC She celebrated Easter in Los Angeles on Sunday A rose by any other name! Rachel Lindsay wears red floral-inspired gown for first Bachelorette promo poster It's her season Caitlyn Jenner steps out after daughter Kendall revealed her 'heart dropped' when she first saw her dad as a woman Brave face She sheer is confident! Victoria's Secret model Taylor Hill flashes her knickers in see-through black leggings Strutted in transparent leggings through LAX  Diana's STILL blowing cobwebs off the Royals: SARAH VINE says conversation Harry has engaged with the nation about mental health was first started by his mom Coordinating couple! Christian Bale and his wife Sibi match all black looks at screening of The Promise in NYC The 43-year-old Batman star  Frilly in florals! Rose Byrne strikes an elegant pose on the red carpet for premiere of Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks Premiere was in New York Own best advert! Rihanna wears satin parka with high/low hem from her Puma collection to pop-up shop in LA She is 29 Not taking a hiatus! Lena Dunham looks casual in denim as she attends star-studded event... two days after Girls series finale Stepping into limelight Diana and Sir Elton WEREN'T close, claims Wayne Sleep: Ballet star says Candle In The Wind singer didn't know the Princess that well He sang at her funeral Diva mommy! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage in figure-hugging ensemble as she takes twins Monroe and Moroccan toy shopping The twins are five Beaming beauty! Jennifer Garner is all smiles as she and son Samuel grab breakfast one week after filing for divorce from ex Ben Affleck 'In the mornings, we don't look like that!': Elsa Pataky insists she and her equally genetically blessed husband Chris Hemsworth aren't perfect ALL the time Taking it in his stride! Edward Burns rocks gruff look as he hobbles in leg brace around NYC with help of a cane Stepped out in the Big Apple An Unforgettable sight! Joanna Krupa steals attention from the stars in sheer black dress at Hollywood premiere She is getting ready to hit the small screen  'Birthday suit!': Kourtney Kardashian shares naked pool picture to celebrate turning 38 The mom bared it all for her birthday  Sofia Vergara displays fantastic legs in skinny jeans and heels as she heads out for a day of shopping in West Hollywood She is 44 'Shopping in my daughter's closet!': Yolanda Hadid twins with Gigi as she borrows her color block Versace jacket for day out Copycat What Feud? Catherine Zeta-Jones wows in cream three-piece suit with lacy low-cut top as she cuddles up to chic co-star Susan Sarandon at NYC screening 'We're not the typical Bachelor couple': Sean and Catherine Lowe reveal secret to their marital success amid slew of failed reality TV couples 'Here's lookin' at you, Jen!' Reese Witherspoon pens sweet tribute to pal Garner for her 45th birthday Instagram snap 'If it fits, it fits. If it doesn't, it doesn't': Curvy model Jordyn Woods calls for the end of the 'plus-size' label as she admits she is 'nervous' about being in Kylie Jenner's show  EXCLUSIVE: Back to work! Meghan Markle heads to the Suits set after a blissful Easter weekend holed up in her Toronto pad with Prince Harry Someone eats their Leftovers! Justin Theroux shows off his muscular arms in vest after getting pumped at gym In West Hollywood  The bling ring: Omarosa Manigault shows of her massive diamond as she arrives back into Washington DC after her wedding and honeymoon  James Packer's Hollywood adventure is over: Billionaire sells stake in RatPac venture despite hits The Revenant, Gravity and Birdman 'Hills' baby boom!' Whitney Port talks 'difficult' pregnancy as she praises fellow MTV castmates as 'responsible adults' Six months pregnant Shades of grey! Salma Hayek is a smart traveler in casual chic outfit and chunky boots as she departs LAX The 50-year-old Academy Award nominee She's back! Alison Sweeney announces return to Days Of Our Lives three years after 'retiring' the role of Sami Brady  The 40-year-old actress  'We are worried about Rob': Kardashian sisters watch their brother's back while Blac Chyna threatens split in KUWTK sneak peek Rocky relationship 'I love you so much mumma, forever': Bindi Irwin shares touching tribute to her mum Terri ahead of Mother's Day A touching tribute to her mother  Traveling in style! Jessica Simpson rolls $3,350 Gucci luggage and pricey Birkin bag as she leaves kids at home to jet out of LA with husband Eric 'It's obviously his name': Disney assures Star Wars fans Han Solo IS his real name... despite confusingly hinting otherwise Fans are STILL in uproar  Wynonna Judd's daughter is in custody on drug-related charges AGAIN after pleading guilty to possession of crystal meth last year  'A great missed opportunity': Mark Hamill wishes Luke, Leia and Han could have shared one final scene together in The Force Awakens Reflecting The ring is off! La La Anthony removes wedding bling as she steps out for first time since split from Carmelo amid claims he 'got a dancer pregnant' Keira Knightley returns to Pirates Of The Caribbean after ten years as she makes fleeting appearance in exciting new trailer for the fifth installment EXCLUSIVE: Disgraced Fox News head Roger Ailes slashes the asking price for his New Jersey home, days after a summons arrives for him Aloha! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa shows off her bikini body as she hits the beach in Hawaii Shared yet another sizzling snap  Mel B sports heart-shaped pink specs as she removes laptop and heaps of files from lawyer's office in midst of messy divorce Proof he's NOT perfect! Elsa Pataky reveals her husband Chris Hemsworth STILL hasn't learned to speak Spanish after being together for SIX years 'I drew a line in the sand': Jessica Chastain says she demands to know salaries of her male costars before agreeing to a role Cover girl 'How did Hannah give birth to a black baby?' Girls under fire over casting of Lena Dunham's child in finale episode Venting on Twitter So THAT'S how Jay-Z wooed Beyonce! Women think creative men are just as attractive as handsome suitors University of Abertay in Dundee study How Lady Gaga's sleek Malibu compound made William's Kensington Palace study adorned with family photos look stuffy and outdated  Battle of the pads  Surf's up! RHOBH star Camille Grammer, 48, parades her knock-out body on the beach while on vacation in Hawaii Hit the surf in a skin-tight blue top  Beauty beyond years! Calvin Klein celebrates women of ALL ages in new campaign featuring models young and old, from Lauren Hutton, 73, to Uma Thurman's 18-year-old daughter  Laughing Chelsea Clinton appears in new Variety while defending Clinton Foundation from fake news and revealing how she balances being a mother and her career Lucky she didn't cause a car accident! Olivia Culpo stuns in flannel dress and fishnet stockings as she struts down Hollywood Boulevard 'She really took the p*** outta me': Ed Sheeran confesses he is stuck with misspelled tattoo on his arm after actress Saoirse Ronan purposely wrote 'Galway GRILL' instead of 'GIRL' Mom-of-two who lost 430LBS and now has to BLOW DRY her excess skin to prevent infections is desperate to have it removed by doctors 'She looked really sad': Kylie Jenner and ex Tyga have 'awkward run-in' at Coachella The pair bumped into each other at the festival after their split  Why I'm shunned by Hollywood: Richard Gere, 67, says the movie studios refuse to hire him because his Tibetan activism will upset China He's an outspoken critic Amber Heard's father reveals she would 'love to get married' to tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk who is worth $11.2bn - but a source says they have no plans She should have brought the palm leaves: Braless Sinitta makes a boob in see-through top to judge talent show in London bar Simon Cowell's pal 'I love how close we were': Kim Kardashian shares throwback video to mark Kourtney's 38th birthday Taking to her website KimKardashianWest.com  'She was salty!': Courtney Love claims Hollywood legend Elizabeth Taylor used an expletive to greet her when they met at a Hollywood party Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez 'stay in gated luxury villa community where her ex Marc Anthony lives in the Dominican Republic' Loved-up Damsel in denim: Kate Bosworth looks chic in baggy jeans as she arrives at LAX airport to a crowd of fans Unveiled her sunglass collection at Coachella  Kevin Spacey will host Broadway's Tony Awards for first time... as actor jokes Neil Patrick Harris, Hugh Jackman were 'unavailable' Director's cut! Giggling Tom Cruise looks relieved as he lands in Paris by helicopter and leaves set after filming daring M:I6 - Mission Impossible scenes Gina Rodriguez confirms she'll voice Carmen Sandiego for new Netflix animated series The 32-year-old Golden Globe winner New mom Brook Power is named Playboy's Playmate of the Year, posing nude on the magazine's cover just five months a after giving birth to a son Go green! Meet the designer behind the eco-friendly collection that is so stylish even stars like Rumer Willis and Elizabeth Hurley are wearing it Attack of the klones! Kylie Jenner and Kim Kardashian look identical (thanks to the cosmetic surgeon) in new topless teaser for make-up collaboration Boho chic! Naomi Watts, 48, looks radiant and youthful as she steps out in retro style outfit in New York She's known for her effortless style Good things come in threes! Rose Byrne does frock treble... and defends her 'white savior' role in DNA drama She joined Oprah Off again! 'Reunited' Scottie and Larsa Pippen to proceed with divorce after all... but insist they will remain friends It's off again.... again Bathing beauty Kate Upton flaunts her famous hourglass figure in skimpy halterneck bikini on romantic break with fiancé Justin Verlander Tummy trouble! Sheryl Crow flashes belly button by accident as her shirt comes open in NYC... as news breaks her 'ex' Kid Rock is engaged Richard Simmons hospitalized in California while 'battling severe indigestion' - marking the first time he has left home in over THREE years Top designer who created Bjork's swan dress 'sold stuffed endangered animals including a crocodile and Indonesian pig from his London boutique' 'If you need me I'll be here': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid puts bump on display in tiny bikini Swimmer's wife-to-be is taking it easy Ole! Sofia Vergara to play the feisty flamenco dancer in new Emoji Movie The 44-year-old actress announced the news on Instagram  Now Sofia Vergara's ex-fiancé Nick Loeb accuses her of violating his First Amendment rights in latest twist of legal saga over frozen embryos  Classic carryalls! As Alexa Chung and Julianne Hough step out toting stylish straw bags, FEMAIL rounds up 24 chic options for YOU to shop now Ready, set, splurge! FEMAIL rounds up uber luxe, celebrity-approved beauty buys to spend your tax return on this year, including an $800 night cream  Double trouble! Today star Savannah Guthrie soaks up the warm New York weather while pushing both of her two kids around the city in a large stroller 'You can save so many children!': Blake Lively talks cracking down on child pornography as she covers Variety's Power Of Women NY issue Celebrate like Beckham! Harper, 5, and Romeo, 14, surprise their 'happy' mum Victoria with a birthday cake and a singalong at her SoulCycle in LA Queen Letizia, 44, looks younger than ever as she takes to the stage in a VERY trendy outfit at literature awards in Madrid Wowed the crowd  'I'm surrounded by people I genuinely like to be with': Victoria Beckham reveals she 'does not have a lot friends' due to her busy career The new Smalls! The Sandlot child star Patrick Renna and wife welcome their first son into the world Flynn Maxwell was born on Monday   'I get that from my dad': Kendall Jenner reveals she's not as 'girly' as her famous sisters while looking a dream in tangerine for Harper's Bazaar Carmelo Anthony 'slept with dancer who is now PREGNANT with his baby'... as it is revealed he has split with wife La La after seven years Before pair broke up  Finding her inner hippie! Jennifer Love Hewitt wears Woodstock 1969 shirt with ripped jeans as she takes daughter Autumn shopping Janet Jackson's pal Gil Duldulao says she's 'not a gold digger seeking a $500M divorce settlement' Close friend came to her defense on social media PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: George Michael's boyfriend Fadi Fawaz raises a smile as he heads back to $6.4m London mansion despite eviction speculation  Billie Lourd shows off legs in mini skirt while hand-in-hand with beau Taylor Lautner on loved up stroll with her dog in trendy area of Venice Beach He's engaged! Kid Rock proposes to longtime girlfriend Audrey Berry with large diamond ring... 10 years after divorcing Pamela Anderson Bikini-clad April Love Geary, 22, displays her incredible physique as she lets her hair down in the Maldives with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40 What a catch! Bella Thorne models fishnet top and stockings with very short skirt and kinky boots as she plugs Famous In Love in NYC Ditched the green locks  From winter to spring in one day! Anne Hathaway models black leather before switching into sheer purple to promote new film in NYC  Now he's ready for his close up? Chris Brown happily poses for snaps as he parties after 'punching photographer in face' Smiled for the cameras Wrapping it up! Lucy Hale and Ashley Benson head to GMA in NYC as they promote Pretty Little Liars before big series finale Jenna Bush Hager says father George W. Bush is a 'feminist' - as she praises him for inspiring her by saying she could be whoever she wanted to be  Harry Styles FINALLY breaks his silence on romance with Taylor Swift and hints his debut solo album contains songs about Kendall Jenner Games Of Thrones star Lena Headey opens up about her struggle with depression, while urging her fans to forget societal 'bull***t' and embrace 'realness' Crossing the pond? Lana Del Rey tells Courtney Love she would like to live in London as she appears on the cover of Dazed magazine The Prince and the Lady: William FaceTimes Gaga from his London study to her LA kitchen as part of his Heads Together drive  The pair joined forces Ready for The Bachelorette! Teen Mom vet Farrah Abraham reveals she wants to go on dating show... after confirming split from Simon Saran James Corden rips Star Wars and Girls in rap battle with actor Riz Ahmed... who fires back by branding Carpool Karaoke king a 'singing Uber driver' Teen Mom star Catelynn Lowell Baltierra discusses postpartum depression a year after rehab Spent time in treatment Ivanka Trump's fashion empire hits record highs as it is revealed company received trademarks from China on same day she met President Xi Jinping Oprah throws support behind CBS in morning TV ratings war: Winfrey pops by pal Gayle King's show to promote her new film and flirt up a storm with Charlie Rose 'I almost killed him!': Anne Hathaway says she nearly flew off old-school slide with young son when hitting a NYC park Was a close call  Cheeky! Trouser-free Hailey Baldwin suffers awkward wardrobe malfunction as she flashes her derriere in tiny T-shirt during post-Coachella pit stop 'You're an inspiration!': Kris Jenner pens birthday message to daughter Kourtney Kardashian on 38th birthday while sharing rare baby photos Ready to get wet! Victoria's Secret model Elsa Hosk poses in a bikini by a pool... after admitting she's hooked on Keeping Up With The Kardashians Prince William gets emotional after watching documentary on mental health as he says his grief over his mother's death sparked his desire to campaign  'Harry chose to follow in Diana's footsteps... she would be so proud': Former bodyguard to princess of Wales says her 'mischievous boy' has finally grown up  'We felt like as much togetherness as possible would be ideal': Sienna Miller reveals she and ex Tom Sturridge are still 'best friends'  Coachella-goer baffles social media users with bizarre 'HALF-jeans' that leave one leg (and the wearer's underpants) totally exposed Strange attire  Beach bums! Miles Teller and model girlfriend Keleigh Sperry put on a cheeky display as they frolic in the ocean in Hawaii Sunning themselves Jennifer Garner looks in high spirits as she enjoys birthday lunch with a pal... amid claims Ben Affleck has 'moved out of the family home and is dating someone' She turned a street into her catwalk! Joanna Krupa looks stunning as she models green jacket and skinny jeans while strolling in LA Model ran errands  Anna Kendrick has girls' night out with her Pitch Perfect castmate Chrissie Fit in West Hollywood Donned casual outfits as they hit the town  New dad Benedict Cumberbatch enjoys a  walk in the British countryside... after becoming a father for the second time Leisurely stroll  He's got a man bun! Jessica Biel shows off her hipster son Silas during stylish stroll through New York City The mother-son duo were in the Big Apple Busty Kate Upton channels Marilyn Monroe in plunging white bralet and French knickers as she performs live striptease dance for lucky fiance Big night? 5 Seconds Of Summer rocker Luke Hemmings looks weary as he leaves Hollywood hot-spot with Ashton Irwin Looked worse-for-wear 'When you let the girls run free!' Size 22 model Tess Holliday puts her curves on full display in a VERY sheer bra after meeting her idol Dita Von Teese at Vegas event  The prince of darkness is back! Shock rocker Alice Cooper returns for Australian tour 40 years after his first trip Down Under Katy Perry reveals she 'wasn't allowed to interact with gay people' during evangelical upbringing and admits there was 'generational racism' in her childhood   Jim Carrey shocks fans with unkempt Easter selfie after tough couple of years following suicide of his girlfriend He turned 55 this year Liv Tyler adds an edgy touch to her flowing black dress with a leather biker jacket as she steps out for fashion store opening in Toyko SPOILER ALERT: Fate Of The Furious star Michelle Rodriguez reveals her character won't be playing nanny to Dom's baby in future installments 'You follow him on Instagram': Scheana Marie reveals identity of new beau to ex Mike Shay on reunion show Reality star stunned her estranged husband  Today's headlines Most Read Bill who? Fired O'Reilly's name is ERASED from his own Fox show as deadpan fill-in host Dana Perino spends... Fight for Aaron's millions: The families of Aaron Hernandez's victims go to war over his estate - including... Swapping nude photos in the Navy and Marine Corps is now a crime after revenge porn Facebook group scandal Bill Gates warns biological terror attack could wipe out 30 million people and be more destructive than a... Iran nuclear deal has 'failed' says Tillerson - and he raises prospect of Trump administration scuttle... 'Bill likes to put up dirty pictures and ask pretty girls to talk about them': Ex Fox analyst reveals new... Silent partner: How Lachlan Murdoch's wife Sarah 'convinced him and Rupert to fire Bill O'Reilly' 'We part ways due to completely unfounded claims': Defiant Bill O'Reilly issues statement insisting he did... NAMED: Two NEW women accuse Bill O'Reilly of harassment hours after he is formally fired from Fox News The new king of prime time: Tucker Carlson to get O'Reilly's 8pm slot just THREE months after taking over... EXCLUSIVE - Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left a message saying she was 'doing much better' less... Couple caught having sex on the beach near Mar-a-Lago by Coast Guard crew patrolling the area while Trump... CIA launches manhunt for Wikileaks mole who exposed how the agency spies on smartphones, smart televisions... Husband insists pioneering African American judge did NOT commit suicide after her body was found in NYC's... Defiant Ann Coulter says she WILL speak at Berkeley after her appearance was cancelled over fears of... Parents' fury as their ten-year-old son is kicked off overbooked Air Canada flight WITHOUT them - forcing... No Deliverance! Prince's new album pulled from iTunes as the late singer's estate tries to block release of... Police pay a mystery visit to Richard Simmons' home just hours after he spoke out for the first time in... How does he do that? Strongman shows amazing strength with one-armed push-ups but then... Former crack addict who claims Seattle mayor paid him $10 for sex on the street comes forward after he was... SeaWorld's last ever killer whale? Baby orca born in captivity in Texas could be the last one to be kept at... EXCLUSIVE: The distraught lookalike brother of Aaron Hernandez is seen leaving his mother's home in the wake... Aaron Hernandez's lawyer suggests the disgraced NFL player was murdered as former agent says there was... The spectacular rise and fall of Aaron Hernandez: How a boy from a loving family threw away his incredible... Aaron Hernandez 'wrote bible verse John 3:16 on his forehead and smoked synthetic marijuana before taking... Dozens of suicides, guard attacks and a pedophile priest murdered in his own cell: The bloody history of the... The sad life of Shayanna Jenkins: Widowed without being married after she chose killer NFL star Aaron... 'Personal family matters': Tom Brady cancels White House visit celebrating Super Bowl win hours after mentee... NFL stars and Snoop Dogg slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez -... MORE HEADLINES Revealed: Disgraced Patriots star Aaron Hernandez may have murder conviction THROWN OUT by killing himself in jail - as he times his suicide to overshadow the Patriots trip to the White House which Tom Brady will now skip The sad life of Shayanna Jenkins: Widowed without being married after she chose killer NFL star Aaron Hernandez over her own family for the sake of their young daughter Aaron Hernandez 'wrote bible verse John 3:16 on his forehead and smoked synthetic marijuana before taking his life in his prison cell' 'Kim WILL push the nuclear button': North Korean defector forced to watch her first public execution aged SEVEN claims mad dictator will stop at nothing to nuke US as a 'last stand' 'We part ways due to completely unfounded claims': Defiant Bill O'Reilly issues statement insisting he did NOTHING wrong and wishes Fox News 'the best' after being fired The spectacular rise and fall of Aaron Hernandez: How a boy from a loving family threw away his incredible talent to live like a gangster after going off the rails when his father died North Korea wipes out US city with massive nuclear missile blast in chilling simulation of an attack on America  Is this the most country interview ever? Kentucky farmer's account of how he was 'waterin' his chickens' when a couple crashed their truck in to a bee hive next to him sweeps the internet How does he do that? Strongman shows amazing strength with one-armed push-ups but then... NFL stars and Snoop Dogg slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison Italy's 'orgy island' where Marquis would hold wild parties so he could watch his actress wife have sex with younger men... before one day shooting her, a lover and himself in 1970 Inside the ghost town in North Korean built by South Korean company which lost $1BILLION when a tourist was shot dead by Kim's army who then seized the resort EXCLUSIVE: The distraught lookalike brother of Aaron Hernandez is seen leaving his mother's home in the wake of the former Patriots player's suicide Bill who? Fired O'Reilly's name is ERASED from his own Fox show as deadpan fill-in host Dana Perino spends just over a MINUTE saying goodbye to the 'undisputed king of cable news' after 20 years  Factory worker sticks a 1.6ft long eel into his anus believing it could treat his constipation 'Personal family matters': Tom Brady cancels White House visit celebrating Super Bowl win hours after mentee Aaron Hernandez commits suicide - then says he is 'celebrating his parents' anniversary  The photographer First Lady: Melania Trump's artsy snaps of Central Park, risque selfies and portraits of her 'two champions' Donald and Barron before she went quiet on social media Aaron Hernandez's lawyer suggests the disgraced NFL player was murdered as former agent says there was 'absolutely no chance' he would have taken his own life That’s not what we meant by love-all! Crunch tennis match is interrupted by the sound of a couple having sex 'in a nearby apartment' Do you need an assist Sean? The Gronk crashes Spicer at White House press briefing as Patriots wait to be congratulated by Trump  EXCLUSIVE: Inside the hiding place of the last Cocaine Cowboy - an anonymous rental near Disney he paid for in CASH for years, leaving only to cycle like 'the Tour de France' Lady Death brought to life: Colourised images show deadly female Russian soldier - who killed 309 Nazis during WWII - alongside her fellow women snipers who terrified the Germans  Is Barron Trump a Gunner? President's son is seen wearing a full Arsenal kit on the White House lawn  Silent partner: How Lachlan Murdoch's wife Sarah 'convinced him and Rupert to fire Bill O'Reilly' Hillary saw Joe Biden as a ‘DEF-CON 1 threat’ to her presidential campaign - while the vice president confided to aide that she 'played UGLY' Female Fox News contributor defends embattled Bill O'Reilly as she questions timing of latest sexual harassment allegations against him First of Obama's Dreamers is deported: Farm worker, 23, who moved to US when he was nine, 'was picked up in the middle of the night by agents who said his status had expired and sent him back to Mexico three hours later' Enormous iceberg 50ft taller than the one that sank the Titanic floats past the Canadian coast causing bumper-to-bumper tailbacks as tourists flock to see the monster block of ice MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Products↓ Fruit Apples & Pears Avocados Bananas Berries Citrus Exotics Grapes Kiwifruit Mangoes & Papayas Melons Tomatoes Pineapples Stonefruit Dried Fruit & Nuts Vegetables Artichokes Asparagus Aubergines Brassicas Exotic Vegetables Leafy & Salad Vegetables Mushrooms Onions & Garlic Peas & Beans Peppers & Squashes Potatoes Root Vegetables Sweetcorn Other Products Flowers Herbs Topics↓ Asia Fruit Logistica Audio Brexit Bushel Box Charity China: Market Focus Comment & Analysis Consumers Convenience Crime Data Economics & Finance Education Environment Events Exotics Fairtrade & CSR Features Food Safety & Certification Foodservice Fresh Focus Chile Fruit Logistica Global Berry Congress Government Health Interviews Local Sourcing Marketing Mergers & Acquisitions Money Organics Packaging & Technology People Podcasts Production & Trade Recruitment & Training Research & Development Retail & Distribution The Importer Transport & Logistics Videos Week in pictures Wholesale Countries↓ Americas Americas Argentina Bahamas Bermuda Bolivia Brazil Canada Cayman Islands Chile Colombia Costa Rica Cuba Dominican Republic Ecuador El Salvador Guatemala Haiti Honduras Jamaica Mexico Nicaragua North America Panama Peru South America Suriname United States Uruguay Venezuela Europe, Middle East & Africa Afghanistan Africa Albania Algeria Armenia Austria Bahrain Belarus Belgium Benin Bosnia and Herzegovina Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cameroon Cape Verde Congo, the Democratic Republic of the Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Egypt England Estonia Ethiopia Europe Finland France Georgia Germany Ghana Greece Guinea Guinea-Bissau Hungary Iceland Iran, Islamic Republic of Ireland Israel Italy Jordan Kenya Kuwait Latvia Lebanon Liberia Libya Lithuania Luxembourg Macedonia Madagascar Malta Mauritius Middle East Moldova, Republic of Montenegro Morocco Mozambique Namibia Netherlands Nigeria Norway Oman Palestinian Territory, Occupied Poland Portugal Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Sierra Leone Slovakia Slovenia South Africa South-East Europe Spain Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Tanzania, United Republic of Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Zimbabwe Asia-Pacific Asia Australia Bangladesh Bhutan British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Cambodia China Fiji French Polynesia Hong Kong India Indonesia Japan Kazakhstan Korea, Democratic People's Republic of Korea, Republic of Laos Macao Malaysia Myanmar Nepal New Caledonia New Zealand Pakistan Papua New Guinea Philippines Samoa Singapore Sri Lanka Taiwan Tajikistan Thailand Tonga Turkmenistan United States Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vietnam Magazines↓ Americafruit Americafruit Americafruit is the news and information service for fresh produce buyers in North America. Eurofruit Eurofruit Eurofruit is Europe's leading source of fresh produce news and analysis Asiafruit Asiafruit Asiafruit is the leading international magazine for fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia. Fruitnet Live Fruitnet Live Fruitnet Live organises the world’s leading fresh produce conference and networking events. Fresh Produce Journal Fresh Produce Journal Fresh Produce Journal is Britain's favourite fresh produce industry magazine since 1895. Produce Plus Produce Plus Produce Plus is the leading magazine for fresh produce marketing in Australia and New Zealand. Events↓ Asiafruit Congress Asiafruit Congress 5 September 2017, HONG KONG (China) Asia's premier conference event for the fresh produce business takes place in Hong Kong alongside ASIA FRUIT LOGISTICA. 400+ delegates from 40 countries. Eurofruit Business Forum @ WOP Dubai Eurofruit Business Forum @ WOP Dubai 13-15 November 2016, DUBAI (UAE) Organised by Eurofruit, information sessions on the show floor at WOP-Dubai 2016 with entry FREE to all exhibitors and visitors at the exhibition. Global Berry Congress Global Berry Congress 27-29 March 2017, ROTTERDAM (The Netherlands) The annual conference event of choice for the international berry business. Attracts more than 350 of the world's top berry players. Asia Fruit Logistica Asia Fruit Logistica 6-8 September 2017, HONG KONG(China) Asia's leading fresh produce trade show. More than 8,000 visitors and almost 500 exhibitors. Up by 25 per cent in 2014. Fruit Logistica Fruit Logistica 8 February 2017, BERLIN (Germany) The world's premier international fresh fruit and vegetable exhibition with 2,884 exhibitors and 70,000 visitors. Fresh Produce India Fresh Produce India 27-28 April 2017, MUMBAI (India) India's leading fresh produce conference and networking event. More than 250 delegates from India and rest of the world. Organised by Asiafruit Magazine. Fresh Produce Forum China Fresh Produce Forum China 23-25 May 2017, CHENGDU (China) 2nd China Conference powered by Asiafruit Magazine and ASIA FRUIT LOGISTICA FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress 4 May 2017, Belfry Hotel & Resort, Birmingham (United Kingdom) The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress is the number-one platform for fresh produce leaders to meet and discuss the future of the trade Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe 21-22 November 2017, BELGRADE (Serbia) Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe returns to Belgrade for a fresh round of discussions and networking designed to promote interest, investment and innovation in new and emerging areas of the fresh produce business. Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress 21-22 September 2017, DÜSSELDORF (Germany) The German Fruit & Vegetable Congress (DOGK) is a one-day event with presentations in the plenary and parallel forums to all important and current topics and issues throughout the supply chain. European Tomato Forum European Tomato Forum 1-2 June 2017, Düsseldorf, Germany From seed to fork. Europe's new networking and information platform for the entire tomato sector. Go ↓in any time period Any time period Past 24 hours Past week Past month Past year  Login Email address Password LoginLogin Forgotten your password? Subscribe Now Homepage (Asiafruit) Latest News More about Asiafruit Event calendar Subscribe Contacts Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net For fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia Matthew Jones BY MATTHEW JONES @matt_fruitnet facebook pinterest linkedin twitter googleplus Download PDF Print Wednesday 19th April 2017, 08:04 Hong Kong Walmart India evaluates new FDI guidelines Wholly-owned subsidiary of US retail giant could ramp-up investment under changes allowing for 100 per cent FDI Photo credit: Walmart India Related Articles 1Subscribers onlyWAC ramps up promotions in India 2Aspada invests in Waycool Foods 3Big Basket invests in cool chain 4Industry leaders to address FPI 5Walmart to open 50 new stores in India 6Apple imports shine in India 7India reopens to Vietnamese dragonfruit 8Chilean grape glut eats into returns 9Peru lays groundwork for India trade talks 10Alibaba takes on Amazon in India As offshore investors grow more confident in the Indian market, one of the world’s leading grocery retailers is assessing the potential to increase its spend in the South Asian nation. Walmart India – a wholly-owned subsidiary of US-based Walmart Stores ­– is reportedly reviewing a new set of guidelines, which allow for 100 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) in India’s food retail sector. According to Inside Retail Asia, Walmart India president and chief executive Krish Iyer said his company had been “evaluating” the new guidelines and would look to act on the changes “at an appropriate time.”  Walmart India currently operates exclusively in the cash-and-carry wholesale space. It has over 20 stores under the Best Price Modern retail banner across the country. Walmart is not the only retailer to signal its interest under the new FDI laws. In February, ecommerce giant Amazon launched a bid to become the first wholly-owned foreign retailer to sell locally produced food items online in India. The growing level of faith international investors see in India was reflected in the 2017 AT Kearney FDI Confidence Index. The country moved up to eighth place in the index (ninth in 2016), with 70 per cent of respondents planning to maintain or increase their FDI in India over the coming years.  “India's reforms to enable a 'transparent' and an 'easy' business environment, have made it an attractive destination for foreign companies,” the AT Kearney report said.  Comments (0) Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Sign up for free news updatesGo Popular news Read: LatestMost read 1Pink Lady America's appeal dismissed 2Egyptian grapes target China 3Mexico "open for business" 4JD.com launches flagship Zespri store 5Walmart India evaluates new FDI guidelines 6Strong start for Chilean kiwifruit 7Industry mourns passing of Russ Hanlin Sr 8Pacific Northwest prepares to host Interpera Congress 9Sun World promises better farms and flavour 10ABC chases new markets 1Spanish port strike to go ahead 2Mindanao must endure El Niño 3Hamburg Süd tests low-sulphur fuel 4Garry Langford to depart APAL 5Zespri at 20: where next for NZ kiwifruit? 6ABC chases new markets 7JD.com launches flagship Zespri store 8Walmart India evaluates new FDI guidelines 9Audio: brands key to adding new value 10Pacific Northwest prepares to host Interpera Congress Upcoming Events April to June 2017 Fresh Produce India MUMBAI (India) 27-28 April 2017 FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress Belfry Hotel & Resort, Birmingham (United Kingdom) 4 May 2017 European Tomato Forum Düsseldorf, Germany 1-2 June 2017  Keep informed...  Twitter  Blog  Podcasts  Video  RSS Feed  Instagram Sign up for free news updatesGo Features & Analysis Strong first half for Costa Australia’s leading fresh produce group saw pre-tax profits rise 26.6 per cent, boosted by a “solid performance” across its four core categories Online dating for fresh produce They describe themselves as the matchmakers of fresh produce – but what does this latest wave of fruit and veg e-commerce platforms offer suppliers? SH topfruit forecast revealed World Apple and Pear Association forecasts fall in Southern Hemisphere topfruit production in 2016 Agrofresh in Plant & Food agreement Two organisations establish a formal science, technology and business cooperation agreement Alibaba to promote Chilean fruits Chilean Fruit Exporters Association signs agreement with e-commerce giant to promote and sell Chilean blueberries and cherries in China Australia has little to gain from TPP The Trans Pacific Partnership will not deliver any significant benefits for Australia’s horticulture trade, argues market analyst Wayne Prowse Subscribers onlyGiles: Much more to come from Asia Promar International divisional director John Giles asks whether we are merely at the tip of the iceberg of Asian market growth Kiwifruit shines in Japan Leading Japanese importer hails “amazing” market performance for kiwifruit, which enjoyed record results in June Central finds new outlet for convenience Thai retailer working with its new convenience store chain partner FamilyMart to develop a fresh produce offering for consumers on-the-go NZ trade mission to Taiwan Thirty delegates from New Zealand will head to Taiwan on a trade mission to celebrate the ANZTEC agreement Industry Events PreviousNext Asiafruit Congress Asia Fruit Logistica Fresh Produce India Fresh Produce Forum China FPJ Live - The UK Fruit & Vegetable Congress Fruitnet Forum South-East Europe Deutscher Obst & Gemüse Kongress European Tomato Forum Latest Tweets Asiafruit @asiafruit Pink Lady America's appeal dismissed Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Egyptian grapes target China Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Mexico "open for business" Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Click here launches flagship Zespri store Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Walmart India evaluates new FDI guidelines Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Strong start for Chilean kiwifruit Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Industry mourns passing of Russ Hanlin Sr Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Pacific Northwest prepares to host Interpera Congress Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit Sun World promises better farms and flavour Click here Asiafruit @asiafruit ABC chases new markets Click here TwitterFollow Us For fresh fruit and vegetable marketing and distribution in Asia Event calendar Contacts Disclaimer Refund Policy Site map Disclaimer Advertise About Fruitnet Asiafruitchina.net © Market Intelligence Ltd - Fruitnet.com 2017Market Intelligence Ltd - Fruitnet.com 132 Wandsworth Road, London, SW8 2LB, United Kingdom, Registration No. 1142 312 Cookie Policy Fruitnet.com would like to place cookies on your computer to help us make this website better. To find out more about the cookies, see our privacy policy. Don't accept Fruitnet.com cookies Accept Fruitnet.com cookies
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics Obituaries North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Opinion Sports Sports OC Varsity Angels Dodgers Rams Chargers Ducks Kings Lakers Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books The Cannifornian Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics Obituaries North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Opinion Sports Sports OC Varsity Angels Dodgers Rams Chargers Ducks Kings Lakers Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books The Cannifornian How tax breaks aim to keep companies growing in… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Guide to our site redesign More shark sightings 75 Best Places to Eat in OC Coachella 2017 NewsBusiness How tax breaks aim to keep companies growing in California Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Margot Roosevelt | mroosevelt@scng.com | Orange County Register PUBLISHED: April 19, 2017 at 4:02 pm | UPDATED: April 19, 2017 at 8:38 pm Chris St. Hilaire, found and CEO of MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Lars Brubaker, CEO of Matterhackers Inc., works on a Pulse 3D Printer, one of 45 types of 3-D printers the company customizes and distributes from its Lake Forest showroom. California’s Go-Biz program awarded Matterhackers a five-year tax break of $380,000 in April 2017. The company plans to grow its workforce from 20 to 97, and invest $1.2 million to expand its facility. Chris St. Hilaire, founder and CEO of MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Lars Brubaker, CEO of MatterHackers Inc., shows off a BCN Sigma 3D printer in the company’s Lake Forest showroom. California’s Go-Biz program awarded the company a $380,000 five-year tax break for its plans to expand its workforce from 20 to 97 and invest $1.2 million in its facility. MFour Mobile Research employees at the company’s headquarters in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) A conference room meeting at MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Chris St. Hilaire, center, founder and CEO of MFour Mobile Research talks with project manager Rebecca Young, as program manager Julian Cruz, right, works at his desk in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Chris St. Hilaire, founder and CEO of MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Show Caption of Expand You’re going to Disney World. So why not offset the cost by getting paid to answer a few questions on your mobile phone? You’re shopping at Wal-Mart. The store wants to know whether you’re happy. Your phone pings as you walk out and, easy-peasy, you pick up a few extra dollars. You’re at the movie theater. How did you like those trailers for upcoming attractions?  Share your opinions on your phone, and cash in. An Irvine-based firm that pays consumers for their opinions, MFour Mobile Research,  is one of 114 California companies just granted a total of $91.4 million in income tax credits over five years for expanding within the state. In the latest round of awards from Gov. Jerry Brown’s Go-Biz program, announced last week, the biggest sums are going to large corporations. General Motors got $8 million for its self-driving car business in San Francisco. Electric bus manufacturer Proterra Inc. gained $7.5 million for investments in Burlingame and in the City of Industry. But many of the companies that profit from the program, which awarded $240 million in credits this fiscal year, are small, innovative and fast-growing businesses such as MFour. MFour has a million active users of its “Surveys on the Go” app, the largest mobile research panel in the United States. It pays out $10,000 a day for opinions on everything from news to sports to supermarket snacks to tech gadgets. The company, which in four years has grown from 10 to 91 employees, will get a tax credit of $680,000 over five years. “We’re thrilled,” said CEO Chris St. Hilaire.  “Any time you can deploy funds to grow the business instead of paying taxes, in the long run you are more of a benefit to the community and to employees.” Under MFour’s agreement with Go-Biz’s “California Competes” program, the company must grow to at least 125 employees by 2021, with an average annual salary of $62,000. It also will be required to invest $1.05 million in computer equipment, furniture and tenant improvements in Irvine. If companies don’t fulfill their commitments, the tax credits are rescinded and, in some cases, back taxes must be repaid. California Competes, enacted in 2013, is up against a raft of incentive programs in states such as Texas, Nevada and Tennessee that have lured many local and national businesses. In 2014, Toyota got $40 million worth of incentives to relocate its U.S. headquarters from Torrance to Plano, Texas. That same year, Nevada assembled a tax package worth $1.25 billion over 20 years to capture Tesla’s giant battery factory. Since 2014, GO-Biz has allocated $492.5 million to 688 companies projected to create 70,747 new jobs and make $14.4 billion in new investments. “We thought about expanding in other states,” said MFour’s St. Hilaire. “We looked at Arizona and Tennessee. But if California makes it easier to expand here, we will.” Nonetheless, he added, “We don’t preclude creating satellite offices elsewhere in the future. Other states have development talent. It depends how quickly we can find the skill sets we need.” Another small tech company, Matterhackers, which customizes, assembles and distributes 3-D printers, was awarded a five-year tax break of $380,000. It plans to invest $1.2 million to expand its Lake Forest facility and grow its workforce from 20 to 97 employees at an average salary of $45,000. The tax break is “a good incentive to help our company grow faster,” said Chief Executive Lars Brubaker. His customers include not just businesses, but individuals making their own surfboard fins, drone components, Comic-Con costumes and even prosthetic limbs for the disabled. State incentives to attract businesses have been criticized as corporate welfare, as some question whether the costs outweigh the benefits, and whether the investments might have occurred without tax breaks. Nonetheless, few states believe they can afford to avoid the competitive game. Of the 114 companies gaining California awards last week, 10 have operations in Orange County. Besides MFour and Matterhackers, they include Irvine-based Montrose Environmental Group, a fast-growing pollution testing firm, with 46 offices nationwide. Montrose got a $750,000 tax break for plans to expand its California workforce from 318 to 381, and invest $6.2 million in Irvine, Berkeley and San Diego. Eight companies with Inland Empire locations got credits, including Safeway Inc., which gained $1.25 million for its plan to hire 51 workers and invest $23 million to expand food manufacturing in Merced and Riverside. United Material Handling, a warehouse company, got $1 million for plans to invest $9.6 million in Perris. Twenty-three companies with Los Angeles County operations got tax breaks. In the case of Proterra, the electric-bus manufacturer, the credit was approved despite concerns raised by the United Steelworkers over whether the company has failed to create promised jobs in South Carolina in exchange for tax incentives there. Ken Leacock, Proterra’s director of government relations, did not dispute that job growth in South Carolina has fallen short and said the company is in talks with state officials to remain in compliance. The electric bus market was slow to take off but Proterra now has a backlog of orders and is expanding rapidly, he added. Other large awards for companies with Los Angeles County operations included $4.3 million for Santa Monica-based Hulu LLC, an online video service, and $2.5 million for Honey Science Corp., a software company that applies coupons to shoppers’ orders. Who got tax breaks? California’s Go-Biz office awarded tax breaks to 114 companies that plan to add some 8,230 jobs and invest $828 million statewide over five years. The Southern California awards include: — Proterra Inc., electric buses, City of Industry, $7.5 million — Hulu LLC, video services, Santa Monica, $4.2 million — Honey Science Corp., shopping software, Los Angeles, $2.5 million — Service Titan Inc., software development, Glendale, $2.5 million — Safeway Inc., food manufacturing, Merced, Riverside, $1.2 million — United Material Handling, warehouses, Perris, $1 million — Montrose Environmental Group,  emission testing, Irvine, $750,000 — MFour Mobile Research, market research, Irvine, $680,000 The Associated Press contributed to this story. Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular 2 found stabbed in Mission Viejo, suspects at large Hundreds mourn ‘tough as nails’ Austin Hwang, former Irvine High football player who died of cancer 29 Orange County schools receive California Gold Ribbon honors Eichler house on rare ‘estate’ size lot in Orange sells for $925,000 Whittier College trustees make surprise decision to end law school, angering students at Costa Mesa campus Brea Olinda High School student arrested after making online threats Tags:  Irvine lake forest News OCR Newsletter taxes Top Stories OCR Margot Roosevelt Margot Roosevelt covers economic news. She has been a staff reporter at the Register since 2012. Before that, she was on staff at the Los Angeles Times, covering environmental news. Earlier jobs: Congressional reporter for the Washington Post; foreign and national correspondent for Time Magazine. Follow Margot Roosevelt @MargotRoosevelt View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Just 18 of 286 timeshares sell in county tax auction Starbucks serving up Willy Wonka-inspired Unicorn Frappuccino O’Reilly forced out at Fox News Brea-based T-shirt maker AST Sportswear will add 120 jobs in former American Apparel building Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by End Users/ Application and Industry Research Report to 2022 Extensive analysis of the Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market is conducted by following key product positioning and monitoring the top competitors within the market framework. The report will assist reader with better understanding and decision making. This report studies the global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) market, analyzes and researches the Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Exxon Mobil Wal-Mart Stores General Motors Ford Motor DaimlerChrysler Royal Dutch/Shell Group BP General Electric Mitsubishi Toyota Motor Browse the full report @ www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-capital-expend… . Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Check the DISCOUNT on this report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/discount/262454 . Market segment by Type, Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) can be split into Equipment Expenditure Property Expenditure Industrial Buildings Expenditure Market segment by Application, Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) can be split into Large Enterprise Small And Medium Enterprises Other If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Purchase a copy of this report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/262454 . For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com Some Points from Table of Contents: Chapter One: Industry Overview of Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) 1.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Overview 1.1.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by Type 1.3.1 Equipment Expenditure 1.3.2 Property Expenditure 1.3.3 Industrial Buildings Expenditure 1.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Large Enterprise 1.4.2 Small And Medium Enterprises 1.4.3 Other Chapter Two: Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future Chapter Three: Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Exxon Mobil 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Wal-Mart Stores 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 General Motors 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Ford Motor 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 DaimlerChrysler 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Royal Dutch/Shell Group 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 BP 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 General Electric 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments ….Continued Request a sample of this report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/262454 . For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Follow Us on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/orbis-research Follow us on Twitter: twitter.com/orbisresearch Like us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/OrbisResearch This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dental Implant Analog Market – United States Industry Size, Share, Analysis, Trend & Forecast 2017-2021 Next PostNext Global Telecom Analytics Market 2017 – Industry Size, Share, Dynamics, Status, Outlook and Opportunies: 2022 Search Recent Posts Research Developments Project Octocrylene Market to Gain Maximum Growth By 2022 New Australian Women’s Lifestyle Magazine Launch Banking on a sustainable future for our regions Octinoxate Market 2022: Competition by Top Manufacturers, With Production, Revenue (Value) and Market Share Interactive Kiosks Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content National Real Estate Investor Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Tablet App RSS Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Finance & Investment CMBS Distressed Investment Lending Net Lease REITs Viewpoints Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Hotel Medical Office Self Storage Seniors Housing Single-Family Housing Student Housing Real Estate Services Brokerage Development Leasing Property Management Rankings Technology Viewpoints Webinars Whitepapers NREI Wire Advertisement Home > Retail > Why Would Amazon Want to Buy BJ’s Wholesale Club? Why Would Amazon Want to Buy BJ’s Wholesale Club? Apr 19, 2017 Donna Mitchell EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 On the surface, Amazon does not have anything meaningful in common with BJ’s Wholesale Club—or any other wholesale club operator—to support an acquisition. Photo by Jeff Fusco/Getty Images Advertisement BJ’s Wholesale Club is in the spotlight, with a news report claiming that the Westborough, Mass.-based company might be up for sale, and that Amazon may be a bidder. The question for retail industry insiders is: What would attract an industry disrupter like Seattle-based Amazon to a company that is ranked third among wholesale clubs, operates brick-and-mortar stores concentrated in the Northeast and has not been able to fully leverage the advantages of the wholesale club sector? “I would be really surprised should that transaction occur,” says Jan Kniffen, CEO of J. Rogers Kniffen Worldwide Enterprises, an equity research and financial and management consulting  firm specializing in retail. He adds that BJ’s Wholesale Club did not go public because of concerns that it would not have been able to achieve a strong multiple as a public company. On the surface, Amazon does not have anything meaningful in common with BJ’s Wholesale Club—or any other wholesale club operator—to support an acquisition. BJ’s Wholesale operates out of massive warehouse spaces easily spanning 100,000 sq. ft. It is not a traditional retailer, but it still depends on brick-and-mortar spaces to connect with customers, unlike Amazon. Despite initial surprise about the report, however, Amazon has more in common with its brick-and-mortar competitors these days, and has adapted several operational tactics that draw similarities to that of Issaquah, Wash.-based Costco, and Sam’s Club of Walmart, headquartered in Bentonville, Ark. Much of Amazon’s business is now driven by its membership service Amazon Prime, which offers free two-day shipping on 50 million items. It has that aspect of its operations in common with wholesale clubs like Costco and Sam’s Club. For its part, Sam’s Club has struck back by offering free two-day shipping “on millions of items.” Costco is widely regarded as one of the most efficient operators in the retail sector, with Walmart being the only exception. Amazon continues to aim for greater efficiencies, especially in the area of delivery. It recently expanded Prime Now to 18 additional cities, enabling some members to get deliveries within two hours of placing their orders. Industry experts seem skeptical that BJ’s would attract acquisition attention from such highly efficient operators, especially Amazon. In its fourth quarter 2016 net lease big box report, Northbrook, Ill.-based investment firm the Boulder Group noted that cap rates on single tenant net lease properties had increased by about 42 basis points. BJ’s properties in particular usually have higher cap rates than those occupied by its peers Sam’s Club and Costco. “They do not have the same credit profile as Costco, Sam’s Club or Walmart,” says John Feeney, vice president at the Boulder Group. “Also, they are not as well-known a brand.” Down, but not out Other wholesale club operators might have been able to resist Amazon’s onslaught, but BJ’s does not necessarily share in that advantage, according to retail industry observers. BJ’s was the first wholesale club to begin operating in the Northeast, a region with tough barriers to entry because of the scarcity of real estate needed to operate massive warehouse operations. “It was protected for a long time,” Kniffen says. Unfortunately, BJ’s has not reinvested in the business to the same extent that Costco had over the years, he notes. That lack of reinvestment might be exacerbated by the company’s current credit position. In September 2011 the company was bought out by private equity firms CVC Capital Partners, based in New York City and Los Angeles-based Leonard Green & Partners, and has since then paid $1.8 billion in dividends to shareholders. The latest dividend, totaling about $700 million and completed in January, is a continuation of a highly aggressive financial policy, according to Moody’s Investors Service. The rating agency maintains a B3 corporate rating on BJs, which is not investment grade. Whether Amazon makes a play for BJs or not, the wholesale club still has improved operating performance and reduced leverage in recent years. That helped create a cushion for the dividend payout in January, according to a statement from Moody’s. But with competition only intensifying, investors will have to wait and see whether that cushion is enough to sustain BJ’s into the future, independently or otherwise. Investors’ main concern would be how the properties are handled should any other buyer emerge, Feeney says.  Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles BJ’s Wholesale to test pharmacy centers Inland Real Estate Acquires BJ’s Wholesale Club in Md. for $32.4M BJ’s New Owners Seek to Grow Chain Despite Tough Competition Fresh Market Spruces Up Amid Word that Kroger Wants to Buy Amazon’s Impact in Square Footage Advertisement The Latest in Retail Despite A Rough Year, Whole Foods Still Considered a Prime Tenant Why Would Amazon Want to Buy BJ’s Wholesale Club? Bad News for Retailers Means Good News for Handful of Restructuring Specialists As Some Retailers Stumble, Dollar Stores Continue to Show Strength Top 10 Restaurant Brands for Retail Landlords More Advertisement Recent Comments Well someone made a poor decision on this particular piece. If you read it carefully, which I did, it... Posted 6 hours 8 min ago by egrummons Hi, egrummons, This article is an aggregated piece of content from Bloomberg. We regularly re-post articles... Posted 6 hours 42 min ago by emisonzhnik Please keep your website focused on the real estate industry and don't post this biased trash. I can read... Posted 7 hours 53 min ago by egrummons Wal-Mart is very dirty - the store itself. I would never buy any produce or fresh anything from Wal-Mart. I... Posted 1 week 8 hours ago by user-589592 I was surprised that the author left out the number of companies that are shutting their doors or moving in... Posted 1 week 1 day ago by Marty Lefton Connect With Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Advertisement Nreionline.com Finance & Investment Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Real Estate Services NREI Wire Site Features Subscribe RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site National Real Estate Investor Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Search Nreionline.com Search: PISCES National Real Estate Investor Related Sites WealthManagement.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Wagner’s Anderson lets big mark ride to triple jump title Unicorns junior stays alive for state tennis gold Last orca whale bred at SeaWorld born in San Antonio, Texas Ex-Tamaulipas official accused of money-laundering to face Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace South San Antonio ISD board approves closing three schools, ATM camera captures alleged Verizon burglary suspects in Boerne House OKs bill that would overhaul school funding Castro touches on possible Senate run in hometown speech US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Young Syrian, fighting for home, joined Islamic State group Conservatives fault Arkansas court for halting executions Indonesia prosecutors seek 2 years probation for Jakarta gov VP Pence praises Indonesia's democratic, tolerant values Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Last orca whale bred at SeaWorld born in San Antonio, Texas Exxon chooses site near Corpus for massive $9.3B petrochemical Cascarones big business as confetti demand grows outside Texas Hot new trend in food is literal garbage Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Wagner’s Anderson lets big mark ride to triple jump title Track and field: Wednesday’s high school results Wednesday’s high school baseball, softball results Tennis: Wednesday’s high school results Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Review: The best burger in Texas is back on Bexar Pub’s full Review: Ironically, pizza weakest link of strong Southtown Report: San Antonio's Hot Joy to hold 2-year Dallas pop-up 365 Days of Tacos: Week 15 roundup Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Book review: ‘Cornyation’ tells the story of Fiesta’s Beloved S.A. radio host ecstatic over new job Popular anchor exits S.A. TV; likable vet in her place A poetic conversation Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living San Antonio Girl Scout will be honored for preventing a drowning Crumbling Monte Vista home to be poster child for historic Perfect nails are just a latex brush away Kansas college student scores Dr Pepper fountain, calls it the Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Congress must scrutinize nation’s fiscal health Captive deer must retain tags Trump’s cake and golf presidency In weighty political decisions, cooler heads must prevail Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Hyundai rolls out 58-mpg Ioniq Hybrid for 2017, with a starting Chrysler’s new Pacifica minivan is here for 2017, with prices Redesigned 2018 Chevy Equinox crossover now arriving at dealers, Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Texas oil industry entering ‘year of recovery’ Prosecutors move to toss more than 21,000 tainted drug cases AP Explains: Behind the visa program targeted by Trump Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/business/local/article/Cascarones-big-business-as-confetti-demand-grows-11084912.php Cascarones big business as confetti demand grows outside Texas By Joshua Fechter Updated 9:03 pm, Wednesday, April 19, 2017 Photo: William Luther, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 1of/10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Specially decorated cascarones, seen April 14, 2017, are not part of the regular run of thousands of cascarones that will be for sale during NIOSA. But assortments will be for sale at the NIOSA store. Specially decorated cascarones, seen April 14, 2017, are not part of the regular run of thousands of cascarones that will be for sale during NIOSA. But assortments will be for sale at the NIOSA store. Photo: William Luther, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 2 of 10 Specially decorated cascarones, seen April 14, 2017, are not part of the regular run of thousands of cascarones that will be for sale during NIOSA. But assortments will be for sale at the NIOSA store. Specially decorated cascarones, seen April 14, 2017, are not part of the regular run of thousands of cascarones that will be for sale during NIOSA. But assortments will be for sale at the NIOSA store. Photo: William Luther, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 3 of 10 Thousands and thousands of cascarones fill hundreds of egg cartons April 13, 2017 at the NIOSA storage room in the former pool house at the Steves Homestead. Thousands and thousands of cascarones fill hundreds of egg cartons April 13, 2017 at the NIOSA storage room in the former pool house at the Steves Homestead. Photo: William Luther, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 4 of 10 Maria Abundis-Garcia puts glue April 13, 2017 on a cascarone for the next volunteer to seal with tissue paper. Garcia is fast enough with her sponge brush to keep three other people busy sealing, she said. Abundis-Garcia and other volunteers meet weekly throughout the year to make the all the cascarones sold at NIOSA. less Maria Abundis-Garcia puts glue April 13, 2017 on a cascarone for the next volunteer to seal with tissue paper. Garcia is fast enough with her sponge brush to keep three other people busy sealing, she said. ... more Photo: William Luther, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 5 of 10 Meeting once a week, volunteers, seen April 13, 2017, make all the cascarones sold during NIOSA. The volunteers start with egg shells from Jim's restaurants and boxes of confetti. Meeting once a week, volunteers, seen April 13, 2017, make all the cascarones sold during NIOSA. The volunteers start with egg shells from Jim's restaurants and boxes of confetti. Photo: William Luther, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 6 of 10 A carton of painted eggs wait April 13, 2017 to be filled with confetti by volunteers working at the Steves Homestead pool house. Every cascarone sold at NIOSA is made by volunteers meeting weekly throughout the year. less A carton of painted eggs wait April 13, 2017 to be filled with confetti by volunteers working at the Steves Homestead pool house. Every cascarone sold at NIOSA is made by volunteers meeting weekly throughout ... more Photo: William Luther, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 7 of 10 A partially-filled carton of completed cascarones wait April 13, 2017 for the rest of the box to be filled by volunteers working at the Steves Homestead pool house. Every cascarone sold at NIOSA is made by volunteers meeting weekly throughout the year. less A partially-filled carton of completed cascarones wait April 13, 2017 for the rest of the box to be filled by volunteers working at the Steves Homestead pool house. Every cascarone sold at NIOSA is made by ... more Photo: William Luther, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 8 of 10 June Moore, 90, left, fills egg shells with confetti April 13, 2017 as volunteers finish their last few cascarones for NIOSA. Asked why she doesn't have to do any of the gluing required of cascarones she said, "I just walked right into this (10 years ago) and because of my age they couldn't say anything." less June Moore, 90, left, fills egg shells with confetti April 13, 2017 as volunteers finish their last few cascarones for NIOSA. Asked why she doesn't have to do any of the gluing required of cascarones she said, ... more Photo: William Luther, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 9 of 10 June Moore, 90, left, fills egg shells with confetti April 13, 2017 as volunteers finish their last few cascarones for NIOSA. Asked why she doesn't have to do any of the gluing required of cascarones she said, "I just walked right into this (10 years ago) and because of my age they couldn't say anything." less June Moore, 90, left, fills egg shells with confetti April 13, 2017 as volunteers finish their last few cascarones for NIOSA. Asked why she doesn't have to do any of the gluing required of cascarones she said, ... more Photo: William Luther, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 10 of 10 Cascarones big business as confetti demand grows outside Texas 1 / 10 Back to Gallery San Antonians, numb to decades of annual cascarón warfare, may see something different cracking on their heads this Fiesta season: President Donald Trump. Marylou Hernandez, owner of The Cascaron Store on Austin Highway, has designed and sold about 200 cascarones, or confetti eggs, ahead of the Fiesta celebration starting Thursday that depict the president holding an American flag. The Trump cascarón has bipartisan appeal, Hernandez said, providing a collectible for supporters and a release for opponents. “It’s perfect: The people that love him take him and the people who don’t like him like that, they can smash him,” Hernandez said. Related Stories What’s new for Fiesta 2017 San Antonians name their favorite Fiesta events New to Fiesta? Here’s your survival guide Tips, tricks and what's new at NIOSA 2017 10 pet-friendly events to check out during Fiesta 2017 Medal heads snap up latest designs at Fiesta Store ‘Show us your shoes’: Photos show festive Fiesta footwear Uber this year’s official Fiesta ride share option Fiesta schedule: when to catch your favorite events 5 big parades to get into the Fiesta spirit It’s a timely spin on the annual ritual of supplying San Antonio with enough cascarones to unleash multi-colored mayhem during Fiesta. Cascarón production takes hundreds of man-hours, a hefty pile of empty eggshells and a network of suppliers who import thousands of the mischievous eggs for sale at tents on street corners and at major retailers like H-E-B and Walmart. Meeting growing demand requires cascarón makers to assemble the colorful eggs year-round. Hernandez said her store produced 20,000 cascarones in anticipation of this year’s Fiesta season — which took all year. About 90 percent of those were made by Hernandez herself, she said, using eggshells donated by local farms, bakeries and customers who share some of the proceeds. Hernandez said she had sold about 10,000 of those as of Tuesday afternoon. But, not every cascarón Hernandez makes is meant to be cracked over someone’s head. Hernandez also designed an additional 3,000 cascarones with custom looks ranging from the Spurs logo and the Alamo to mariachi hats and ice cream cones, she said. Each custom cascarón takes Hernandez up to an hour to complete, she said. Inevitably, someone mistakes one of her custom creations for a more disposable cascarón and smashes it over someone’s head. “My heart stops a second when they do that,” Marylou Hernandez said. The Cascaron Store sells cartons by the dozen for $5.50 each and “large bags” with an unspecified number of cascarones for $37 each, according to the store’s website. Cascarones sold by Amols’ go for $3.59 per dozen. And the demand is growing outside of Texas, straining an already-limited supply. Walmart, which gets its stash from San Antonio-based Silly Rabbit Confetti Eggs, sees more customers clamoring for the messy product in Arizona and Georgia — outside more high-demand markets like Texas, California and Florida, spokeswoman Anne Hatfield said. Some customers may have to pull their targets’ winter hats off before they strike. Amols’ Party Supply at 710 S. Flores St. in downtown San Antonio has received wholesale orders in recent years from companies in Maine and Massachusetts, said owner Jeffrey Weiss. Retailers must place orders with suppliers far in advance to ensure an adequate supply. H-E-B orders “millions” of cascarones at least one year in advance to make sure its shelves are stocked in time for the Easter and Fiesta season, spokeswoman Julie Bedingfield said. “It’s a very limited supply,” Weiss said. “They’re not super easy to get your hands on a huge quantity.” Major suppliers obtain hundreds of thousands of cascarones primarily by importing from Mexico, where the eggs are used year-round for holidays including Halloween; Dieciséis de Septiembre, Mexican Independence Day and Día de Muertos, the Day of the Dead. Low-wage laborers in Mexico have plentiful of experience crafting a high volume of cascarones in a short window and have access to a large quantity of the product’s key raw material: empty eggshells. Mexico is the world’s largest per capita consumer of eggs with each person eating about 50 pounds or more than 400 eggs in 2015, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. That compares with about 253 eggs per person in the U.S., according to the U.S. Poultry and Egg Association. Maintaining a robust stock of eggshells and a workforce who can tolerate the long and tedious work of making cascarones isn’t as easy in the U.S., said Yvonne Castañeda, vice president of Silly Rabbit Confetti Eggs. “It would be extremely difficult to hand-make each one of these” stateside, Castañeda said. “It’s very hard work, very difficult work.” Retailers may get their cascarón supply from Mexico, but individual travelers looking to haul several cartons across the border should save themselves the hassle. Travelers may bring up to a dozen cascarones into the U.S. and only if they’ve been scrubbed clean of residue to prevent the spread of avian flu, U.S. Customs and Border Protections said in a news release last week. Supplying A Night In Old San Antonio, NIOSA, with enough cascarones to last all four nights of the food-and-music extravaganza takes months of volunteer labor and a steady stream of empty eggshells. Dozens of volunteers and members of the San Antonio Conservation Society pack into the River House behind Edwards Steves Homestead each Thursday morning to paint eggshells donated by Frontier Enterprises, fill them with confetti and seal them up with brightly-colored tissue paper. Growing attendance at NIOSA in recent years has driven year-round production by volunteers. Maureen Berryman, chairwoman of the Fiesta Cascarones Committee, said Wednesday volunteers made 53,640 cascarones that will be destroyed during next week’s festivities — higher than the target of 50,000 and roughly 35 percent more than 2015’s quota of 37,000. That number will likely rise in 2018, Berryman said. “They ask us to make more every year,” Berryman said. About 20 volunteers lined a long table stuffed with egg cartons, piles of tissue paper and dishes filled with glue at the River House last Thursday. At the head of the table, June Moore, 90, and Elsa Rodriguez, 85, dove their hands through boxes packed with confetti and scooped the contents into painted eggshells. Each have made cascarones for the Conservation Society for more than a decade, they said, drawn back by friendships and camaraderie with other volunteers. Moore and Rodriguez helped fill at least 2,160 eggshells Thursday while they debated whether flour or birdseed would make a more mischievous cascarón filling. They decided flour was too mean, but birdseed would do the trick. “If you want to make some enemies, that’s what you do,” Rodriguez, 85, said. Mary Hernandez, a retired nurse and San Antonio Conservation Society member, said she has made cascarones with the organization for 20 years — and has the process down pat. Last Thursday, she made 150 in three hours. “We always say ‘hours to make, seconds to break,’” Mary Hernandez said. jfechter@express-news.net Twitter: @JFreports   The Latest S.A. district votes to close three schools Beloved S.A. radio host ecstatic over new job Driver faces charges in accident that killed passenger Last orca whale bred at SeaWorld S.A. born Wednesday Whataburger wins social media with Spurs-Grizzlies tweet 'It can't be that good!': Sex sounds from nearby condo... BCSO: Woman inmate dies of 'natural' issues while in custody... 2 S.A. firefighters disciplined for marijuana, DWI S.A. toddler thrown and dropped dies, man charged in death 5 things to know about the state of the city Police: Texas teacher's aide bites autistic child Review: The best burger in Texas is back at S.A. eatery New Southtown spot attracts S.A.'s chic Broadway bar closing in weeks 24 winners in this year's Fiesta medals contest 21 things to know about Fiesta medals for rookies and vets alike Vintage photos: Fiesta over the years Popular S.A. TV anchor makes exit, fans react Top TV station shuffling S.A. anchors See S.A.'s stars without makeup Public display of cartel violence reaches new level Easter shootout mars former tourist haven Ruthless female assassins taking over Mexico's cartels Recent Breaking News Austin man convicted of I-35 rock-throwing that left one with... SAPD: Driver arrested after trying to ram woman off road,... Police: 8-year-old girl brings loaded handgun to New Braunfels... Most Popular 1 Exxon chooses site near Corpus for massive $9.3B petrochemical... 2 Popular anchor exits S.A. TV; likable vet in her place 3 Mexico's brutal drug violence appears to have hit a new level... 4 Beloved S.A. radio host ecstatic over new job 5 Review: The best burger in Texas is back on Bexar Pub’s full... 6 Tennis star Caroline Wozniacki cheers Spurs playoff push, is... 7 Fiesta’s shiny objects of celebration arrive in the hundreds Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    San Antonio Business news & alerts    Real Estate news & listings    Career news & job listings    Auto news & listings    Breaking news EMAIL: Click here to sign up for News, Sports and more Email Alerts. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Simmons first quarter income down by $1.4 million, bank officials tout recent deals Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property Little Rock port has manufacturing prospect with 1,000-job potential USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office Arkansas’ high court hands state’s execution schedule another setback, Gov. Hutchinson ‘disappointed’ Fort Smith Board okays $18 million utilities CIP for 2017, addresses other consent decree items TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Flurry of court filings continue ahead of second slate of executions; Innocence Project, ACLU on inmates’ case Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Wal-Mart continues to invest in its distribution, e-commerce fulfillment infrastructure Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media U.S. Rep. Hill wants President Trump leadership on tax reform Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Arkansas trucking group marks 85 years of advocating for the industry J.B. Hunt first quarter profits up 2.6%, revenue misses consensus estimate OOIDA takes case against ELD mandate to Supreme Court Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart continues to invest in its distribution, e-commerce fulfillment infrastructure BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 10 hours ago 43 views  Tags: Wal-Mart distribution 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores has spent more than $2 billion in the past two years building infrastructure for its U.S. eCommerce division. The Bentonville-based retailer is not finished, and recently confirmed two more distributions centers are to be built. Marc Wulfraat, president of MWPVL International, noted in a recent report that Wal-Mart has plans to open four new distribution facilities that will add another 4.2 million square feet in the near future. Talk Business & Politics has identified three. The first is a $135 million cross-docking distribution center at the Port of Mobile (Alabama) and a sprawling 1.27 million square foot distribution and fulfillment facility in Bentonville that will serve the retailer’s midwest operations. The retail giant got the go-ahead from Bentonville Planning Commission on Tuesday (April 18) for the new site at 5800 S.W. Regional Airport Blvd., across from the Walmart Distribution Center No. 6094. Talk Business & Politics first reported this large scale project earlier this month. Now the city council must consider the project and give its approval in the next few weeks. Wal-Mart has denied the Bentonville site will facilitate the retailer’s online business instead saying the facility will “increase our logistics capabilities in this market,” according to Wal-Mart corporate spokeswoman Anne Hatfield. She also said it’s too early to discuss project details. The cross-docking and storage distribution project in Mobile is further along. Earlier this month Wal-Mart made the announcement in conjunction with state officials for the $135 million port project expected to be completed in the next 14 months. At 2.5 million square-feet, the facility will employ 550 full-time workers and support about 800 Walmart store locations. “We are excited about how this facility will help us serve customers from Alabama to the Great Lakes and the economic impact it will have through local job creation and future economic development in the Mobile area,” said Jeff Breazeale, vice president of direct import logistics at Wal-Mart. The new distribution center is expected to increase local port traffic by 10%, generating cargo volume of approximately 50,000 TEUs, or twenty-foot containers. Wal-Mart will get up to $3 million in port credits made available by the state for creating jobs. It is unclear if Wal-Mart will seek Arkansas incentives for the proposed Bentonville expansion. Wal-Mart’s U.S. distribution network includes 173 distribution centers for Walmart U.S. and Sam’s Clubs with more than 125.8 million square feet under management. Amazon, the nation’s leader in e-commerce, has 241 active distribution facilities with roughly 91.73 million feet under management. The facilities have helped Amazon with two-day free delivery for its Prime Members. Also on the drawing board for Wal-Mart is a proposed e-commerce distribution center in Aurora, Co., first reported in January. The retailer has been quiet about his project too, but it spent $13.5 million purchasing 169 acres located south of Denver International Airport. If it is an e-commerce fulfillment center it would give the retailer 10. Amazon already has a fulfillment center in the Denver area and recently announced a second site in Aurora for 1 million more square feet. Walmart U.S. eCommerce CEO Marc Lore recently said the hefty infrastructure investments of the past couple of years is what allowed it to offer two-day free shipping for online orders of $35 or more. While this is “table stakes” for a retailer today, Lore said Wal-Mart’s scale of distribution network allows it to create efficiencies it can then pass along to the customer in lower prices and shipping costs. Wal-Mart recently nixed plans to build a 1.2 million square-foot distribution center in Merced, Calif., that has languished in limbo since it was first announced in 2005. This was to be general merchandise distribution center that served stores. Wal-Mart said they were abandoning plans for the site given that the retail business has changed. Comments comments Previous post Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million Next post The future of advertising Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Latest Popular TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office 4 hours ago Arkansas’ high court hands state’s execution schedule another setback, Gov. Hutchinson ‘disappointed’ 4 hours ago Simmons first quarter income down by $1.4 million, bank officials tout recent deals 7 hours ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 8 hours ago Little Rock port has manufacturing prospect with 1,000-job potential 8 hours ago Wal-Mart’s ongoing restructuring could cost more jobs as it retools for the future 3,466 views Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 1,901 views Arkansas Supreme Court removes Judge Griffen from death penalty cases, Senate President cautions members on impeachment 1,663 views Wal-Mart tech exec Marc Lore pushes plan to make up for lost time 1,393 views Damien Echols, Johnny Depp attend anti-execution rally in Little Rock 1,245 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Walmart launches platform to slash emissions April 19, 2017 | By Marianne Wilson Walmart wants its suppliers to join the retailer to reduce greenhouse gas emissions resulting from their operations and supply chains.   The new initiative, dubbed “Project Gigaton,” will provide an emissions reduction tool kit to a broad network of suppliers seeking to eliminate one gigaton of emissions, focusing on such areas  as manufacturing, materials and use of products by 2030. (According to Walmart, one gigaton is the equivalent to taking more than 211 million passenger vehicles off of U.S. roads and highways for a year.)   “We are proud of the improvements we’ve made in reducing our own emissions, but we aim to do more. That’s why we’re working with our suppliers and others on Project Gigaton,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, senior VP and chief sustainability officer for Walmart.   Walmart said it is the first retailer with a verified science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The retailer aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18% by 2025. It is also working to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030.   The new Gigaton project is part of a series of Walmart sustainability initiatives that seek to address social and environmental issues in ways that help communities while also strengthening business. These include the chain’s investment in solar energy by which it has helped to support jobs for American solar companies. Walmart has identified energy, agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation, and product use and design as the goal areas in which to focus their Scope 3 climate efforts. Participating suppliers are encouraged to focus their commitment in one or more of these goal areas.   “Through the years, we’ve seen that integrating sustainable practices into our operations improves business performance, spurs technological innovation, inspires brand loyalty, and boosts employee engagement,” said Laura Phillips, senior VP, sustainability for Walmart. “Our suppliers recognize the opportunity to realize those same benefits in their businesses. By working together on such an ambitious goal, we can accelerate progress within our respective companies and deep in our shared supply chains.” Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Study: U.S. companies still waiting on an innovation ROI Convenience store giant makes $3.3 billion acquisition CEO of specialty apparel chain out Forever 21 in big rollout of sister banner PetSmart acquires fast-growing online rival President-elect hurting traffic at some major retail flagships Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: More than half of U.S. shoppers haven’t tried BOPIS More omnichannel retailers offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services... Report: Retailers are running in place when it comes to IoT Retailers remain stuck when it comes to Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives... Survey: Store retailers leaving money on table Disappointing shopping experiences are costing brick-and-mortar retailers... Trending Stores Missguided, Westfield Stratford City, London British online fast-fashion retailer Missguided makes the leap to physical retail with a high-concept, high-impact store at Westfield Stratford City mall in London.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Earnings Calendar Surprises Highlights Ideas Wal-Mart is 'poking the bear,' says Barclays analyst Barclay's is bullish on Wal-Mart The firm has an $82 price target on Wal-Mart With its acquisition of Jet, Wal-Mart is well-positioned in e-commerce Natalia Wojcik | @nataliawwojcik 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Barclays analyst: Wal-Mart has advantage where Amazon is still struggling to figure out    13 Hours Ago | 02:28 Wal-Mart's recent acquisition of Jet.com seems to be upping its e-commerce presence and could be "poking the bear" of Amazon, Barclays analyst Karen Short told CNBC's "Power Lunch" on Wednesday. Short reiterated her position on Wal-Mart in a Barclays note entitled "Poking the Bear — Why WMT Remains our Top Pick" on Wednesday, keeping her overweight rating with a price target of $82 on the stock. "Jet brings a whole level of expertise and sophistication that Wal-Mart.com or Wal-Mart wouldn't have been able to develop on their own, so they're basically leapfrogging where Wal-Mart would be had they not made the acquisition," Short told CNBC. Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com for $3.3 billion back in August. "With Wal-Mart's bricks-and-mortar, it's an omnichannel presence that clearly, you know, at least when it comes to food, Amazon is struggling with to figure out. And I think when it comes to food, you do need both the bricks-and-mortar and you need the online option, and I think Wal-Mart is well-positioned to have the best of both worlds," she added. Shares of Wal-Mart are up around 7 percent year-to-date, while the SPDR S&P Retail ETF (XRT) is down over 3 percent year-to-date, as of midday Wednesday. Disclaimer Natalia WojcikSpecial to CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change XRT --- AMZN --- WMT --- BARC --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KeyCorp Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Key Energy Services, Inc. (KEGX) Now Covered by Analysts at Nomura MTS Systems Co. (MTSC) Downgraded to “C” at TheStreet CUI Global Inc (CUI) Lowered to “D+” at TheStreet Osisko Mining Corp (OSK) Director André Gaumond Sells 25,000 Shares First Commonwealth Financial (FCF) Director Stephen Reid Purchases 30,000 Shares of Stock Q4 2017 Earnings Forecast for American Outdoor Brands Corp Issued By Forward View (AOBC) Avinger Inc (AVGR) Receives Consensus Rating of “Buy” from Brokerages $0.27 Earnings Per Share Expected for Synchronoss Technologies, Inc. (SNCR) This Quarter Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $23.741 Million Position in TE Connectivity Ltd (TEL) Michael Kors Holdings Ltd (KORS) Given a $38.00 Price Target at BMO Capital Markets Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Given a $19.00 Price Target by BMO Capital Markets Analysts $0.62 EPS Expected for Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) This Quarter M&T Bank Co.’s (MTB) “Overweight” Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Digital Realty Trust’s (DLR) Overweight Rating Reaffirmed at Barclays PLC Kate Spade & Co (KATE) PT Set at $24.00 by Wunderlich Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. (MMC) Shares Sold by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Seagate Technology PLC (STX) Stake Decreased by Mascoma Wealth Management LLC Boston Scientific Co. (BSX) Stake Decreased by Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Gateway Investment Advisers LLC Has $38.149 Million Position in Anthem Inc (ANTM) KeyCorp Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) April 19th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Analyst Articles - US - Finance Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT)‘s stock had its “overweight” rating reiterated by KeyCorp in a research report issued to clients and investors on Wednesday. They currently have a $90.00 price objective on the retailer’s stock. KeyCorp’s target price points to a potential upside of 21.80% from the stock’s previous close. Several other equities research analysts also recently issued reports on the company. Bank of America Corp reaffirmed a “buy” rating and issued a $88.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $70.00 price target on the stock. Wells Fargo & Co reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Zacks Investment Research raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $64.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research report on Wednesday, February 15th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $75.33. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) traded up 0.42% during midday trading on Wednesday, reaching $74.20. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 3,561,091 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $225.05 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.94 and a beta of 0.09. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $71.07 and its 200-day moving average price is $69.79. Wal-Mart Stores has a 12 month low of $62.72 and a 12 month high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm’s revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period last year, the business posted $1.49 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a $0.51 dividend. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.76%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 43.48%. WARNING: “KeyCorp Reiterates “Overweight” Rating for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT)” was first published by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this article on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The legal version of this article can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/19/keycorp-reiterates-overweight-rating-for-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. In other news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 4,375,337 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.79, for a total value of $314,105,443.23. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $754,306,647.33. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611 in the last quarter. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. bought a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at $104,000. Asset Planning Services Ltd. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. BKS Advisors LLC bought a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at $110,000. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares during the period. Finally, Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Wednesday, April 19, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Woman admits to thefts at Walmart; DUI charge Wednesday, April 19, 2017 By Den McLaughlin dmclaughlin@tnonline.com A Lehigh County woman pleaded guilty in Carbon County court on Tuesday to multiple counts of retail theft at the Walmart store in Mahoning Township, and in another case, to driving under the influence of a controlled substance. Jennifer Suemarie Miller, 38, of Allentown, pleaded to three counts of retail theft and one of criminal conspiracy to commit retail theft at the township store. She was arrested for the Walmart incidents on May 7 (twice), June 17 and Nov. 11, 2016. In the November theft she had a co-defendant. The DUI occurred on Dec. 17, 2015, along Mill Road filed by Mahoning Township police. A test revealed the presence of a controlled substance. She is currently an inmate at the Lehigh County prison where she is awaiting action of probation/parole revocation proceedings and has pending criminal matters in Northampton County. Judge Joseph J. Matika, who accepted the pleas, told Miller on the DUI charge, a third offense, she faces a mandatory minimum prison term of one year up to five years. She also faces restitution of over $2,600. Matika deferred sentencing because Miller needs a drug and alcohol evaluation for the DUI charge. He also ordered the adult probation office to prepare a presentence investigation report. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune An artist paints a mural at 26th St. and Hennepin Ave. in Minneapolis to commemorate the life of Minnesota's Prince. Photo: Jim Gehrz/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Wild forces Game 5 vs. St. Louis with 2-0 victory Legislature looks at making student fees at Minnesota colleges optional Second-worst mayor in U.S.? Betsy Hodges fires back Effort to rename Lake Calhoun picks up steam with vote by Mpls. Park Board committee Mpls. police undercount domestic violence cases, watchdog says Man fatally shot in RV in Vadnais Heights and deputies are identified Fox News Channel dismisses Bill O'Reilly, its biggest star Edina approves major 50th & France retail, housing, parking additions Storied St. Louis Park treehouse now a pile of wood for sale Minnesotan didn't know she was competing; now she's a Boston Marathon champion 75,000 ladybugs being released inside Mall of America for Earth Day next Variety 419857783 Granola, yogurt and kombucha? Hippies were right about food What a long, strange food trip this has been. Who knew brown rice would become trendy?  By CHRISTINE MUHLKE New York Times April 19, 2017 — 5:20pm JEFF WHEELER, Star Tribune Foods that were first widely eaten by hippies in the ’60s and ’70s have now gone mainstream. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint It’s a Moosewood world. We’re just eating in it. Consider granola: The word used to be a derogatory term. Now it’s a supermarket category worth nearly $2 billion a year. Kombucha was something your art teacher might have made in her basement. Yet GT’s Kombucha brews more than a million bottles annually and sells many of them at Wal-Mart and Safeway. And almond milk? You can add it to your drink at 15,000 Starbucks locations for 60 cents. Just as yoga and meditation have gone mainstream (and let’s not get started on designer Birkenstocks), so have ideas and products surrounding health, wellness and eating that play like a flashback to the early 1970s. Co-­op staples of that time — the miso, tahini, dates, seeds, turmeric and ginger that were absorbed from other cultures and populated the Moosewood restaurant cookbooks — now make appearances at some of the most innovative restaurants in the country, where menus are built around vegetables and heritage grains. Vegetarianism and veganism are on the rise, and kale — the bacon of the clean­-eating moment — is now routinely heaped on salad plates across the land. The hippies may not have won the election, but they are winning the plate — or, should we say, the bowl. “The counterculture is always ahead of what’s happening in mainstream culture,” said Peter Meehan, editorial director of Lucky Peach magazine. “It’s as true in any creative field as it is in food.” Deborah Madison, the author and chef who made vegetarian cooking sophisticated with her 1987 cookbook “Greens,” has seen this food before: She cooked it in the 1960s and ’70s, as one of “a growing number of people who were trying to cook differently from our parents,” she said. “Our intentions were good,” Madison said. “We were using wholesome foods in contrast to our mothers’ new reliance on cake mixes, white flour, TV dinners and that sort of thing.” The problem, she said, was that her generation didn’t know much about cooking. “What we cooked was very much on the stodgy side,” she said. “Today, the same foods are now seen as interesting and delicious and worth eating. We can appreciate their flavors, textures and general possibilities because we — that is, the big collective we — know so much more about cooking foods of all kinds.” The current food mood may also be a reaction to the more exhausting aspects of life in the digital era. “It’s a weird mixture of technology and palo santo” — iPhones and incense — said chef Gerardo Gonzalez of Lalito in Manhattan, suggesting that people who live online may be moved to seek out the restorative properties of natural foods. “You’re constantly in this thing that’s not reality, and eating food can be the most real act you can partake in.” Growing up with chain restaurants and living with the “mental fog” that comes from regularly eating meat, dairy and starch have led Gonzalez, 34, and his peers to seek an alternative. “I think people are now more likely to turn to açai bowls than a bacon cheeseburger for their hangover,” he said. “For a lot of people who gravitate toward this lifestyle, it’s not hypocritical.” As one of the owners of Dimes, a restaurant that opened three years ago in Manhattan, Alissa Wagner is partly responsible for bringing those açai bowls to the Instagram set. Wagner believes that diners are a lot more knowledgeable about where and how to eat better than they were when she graduated in 2010 from the Natural Gourmet Institute, a mostly vegetarian cooking school in Manhattan. “There was a huge awakening that happened in the last couple of years with the way that New Yorkers approach food,” she said. “The meat-heavy, super­-masculine style restaurants that were ever-present became outdated and were overtaken by a much more vibrant and produce-­driven menu.” Despite the often extragavant price tag attached to many haute­ hippie staples and the Vitamix required to prepare them, this is food that is easy to make at home, with plenty of cookbooks for guidance. The past several months have seen the release of many vegetable­-rich and rawfood cookbooks, including ones from Lucky Peach, Martha Stewart, Wolfgang Puck, vegan website Thug Kitchen; Sarah Britton of the website My New Roots, whose Instagram feed of bowls and sprouts has over 330,000 followers, and Amanda Chantal Bacon of Moon Juice, a small chain of juice shops that started in Venice, Calif. Recently Madison released “In My Kitchen: A Collection of New Vegetarian Recipes.” Her elegant earth­-motherhood has given rise to a generation of chefs, cookbook authors and bloggers focused on vegetables and whole foods, like Anna Jones, who wrote a vegetarian cookbook, “A Modern Way to Cook.” (Madison, like a baby boomer who is both tickled and horrified to see bell-bottoms come back in style, said she always found it “amusing that foods like the once abhorrent brown rice have come around to being seen as good to eat, and preferable even to white rice.”) For amateur picklers and kimchi­-makers, there is a new edition of “Wild Fermentation,” a 2003 manual that helped its author, Sandor Katz, become a heroic figure among cooks who ferment their own foods. Like the back­-to-­the-landers and Whole Earth Catalog readers before them, a new generation is once again becoming interested in fermentation, especially do-­it-yourself projects, a shift that Katz attributes to people becoming more critical of the industrial food system and seeking alternatives. “Once you start asking questions about how this food was produced, then fermentation is just part of the answer,” he said. He also cited recent scientific findings on the microbiome and the notion that health may be affected by bacteria and other microbes living in your intestinal tract, which are in turn influenced by what you eat. “People are recognizing that this important biodiversity inside of us has been diminished and are seeking strategies to restore it for immune function, digestion, mental health and everything else,” he said. “So people are seeking out bacteria­-rich foods.” In fact, a kombucha- and tempeh-­making business just opened near Katz’s home in Cannon County, Tenn., population 16,000. “It’s not just happening in New York, San Francisco and Portland,” he said. (For the record, Katz bristles at the association of fermentation with hippiedom. “In terms of countercultural movements, I feel like punk is much more resonant,” he said. “The punk movement was all about DIY and publishing your own ’zine, and figuring out how to make things yourself and improvise.”) Gonzalez has noticed a change in diners’ palates toward flavors that are brighter and more acidic, like those produced by fermentation, as well as earthier and umami­-rich flavors, like nutritional yeast. “People are starting to realize that these ingredients are a whole new color palette,” he said. This group of Americans has also developed a less­-sweet tooth and an appreciation of the textures imparted by grains like buckwheat and rye. “I was in a meeting last night where one person suggested making a chocolate cake recipe with fermented cabbage in it,” Madison said. As with anything counterculture edging toward the mainstream, the threat of co-­optation looms. Alice Waters, the Berkeley queen of local and seasonal cooking, applauds the movement away from fast and processed food, but said she was wary of how its language had been appropriated by mainstream brands. “There’s a lot of hijacking going on right now that is very disturbing,” Waters said. “I mean, they can’t quite take ‘organic,’ but they’re taking everything else.” At the restaurant level, though, hippie fare has long been “a lifestyle and a brand,” Gonzalez conceded. “You’re not just selling food,” he said. “You’re giving the promise of a healthier life, or a more enlightened meal.” Pan-Griddled Sweet Potatoes With Miso-Ginger Sauce Serves 4. Note: Think of this miso-ginger sauce as a universal sauce, because it’s so good on so many things: tofu, tempeh, winter squash and napa cabbage salads, for starters. This recipe, adapted from “In My Kitchen” by vegetarian cookbook author Deborah Madison, spoons the dressing over sweet potatoes, and suggests serving them with spicy Asian greens or stir-fried bok choy, and maybe soba noodles or brown or black rice. Not surprisingly, the sauce is good on them, too. • 4 sweet potatoes (about 6 oz. each), scrubbed • 1 garlic clove, chopped • 1 (1-in.) knob of fresh ginger, peeled and grated • A few pinches of sugar or 2 tsp. mirin • 1 heaping tbsp. white miso • 1 tbsp. unseasoned rice wine vinegar • 1 tbsp. toasted sesame oil • 1 tbsp. light sesame oil or other neutral oil, plus more for the pan • 2 tsp. toasted black sesame seeds, for garnish Directions Add about an inch of water to a stovetop steamer or a pot fitted with a steaming basket. Add sweet potatoes and steam until tender, 30 to 40 minutes, depending on their size. While sweet potatoes are cooking, make the sauce: Pound garlic and ginger in a mortar until very smooth and then stir in the sugar, miso, vinegar, sesame oil and 1 tablespoon water. Halve steamed sweet potatoes lengthwise and score the cut sides in a crisscross pattern with a small knife. Heat a large skillet or grill pan over medium-high heat. When hot, add a swirl of light sesame oil (about 1 tablespoon), then add sweet potatoes in a single layer, cut side down, and cook for 3 minutes, or until their natural sugars caramelize and turn an appetizing golden brown. (Depending on the shape of your potatoes, you may have to work in batches.) Arrange sweet potatoes on plates or a platter and spoon sauce over them. Garnish with black sesame seeds and serve alone or with any accompaniment. Nutrition information per serving: Calories 220 Fat 11 g Sodium 280 mg Carbohydrates 27 g Saturated fat 1 g Total sugars 8 g Protein 3 g Cholesterol 0 mg Dietary fiber 4 g Exchanges per serving: 2 carb, 2 fat. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Second-worst mayor in U.S.? Betsy Hodges fires back Man fatally shot in RV in Vadnais Heights and deputies are identified Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death 75,000 ladybugs being released inside Mall of America for Earth Day MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew Medtronic selling medical products business in $6.1B deal Recipe: Edamame Quesadillas With Citrus and Mint Salsa Recipe: Chickpea and Farro Salad Cool off with a watermelon salad Summer's treat: the perfect strawberry shortcake Union: A change for the better More From Variety TV & Media 35 minutes ago Law change could boost little-used state crowdfunding laws A former Green Bay Packers player whose consulting business has connected 400 high school athletes with college teams got a lesson in federal securities law when he sought to raise money for a new smartphone app. Music 40 minutes ago Prince's 1980s band hits the road for memorial tour For members of Prince's 1980s backing band The Revolution, reuniting and hitting the road for a spring U.S. tour is how they are coping with the "Purple Rain" pop superstar's unexpected death a year ago. National 55 minutes ago Conservatives fault Arkansas court for halting executions Arkansas' attempt to carry out its first execution in nearly 12 years wasn't thwarted by the type of liberal activist judge Republicans regularly bemoan here, but instead by a state Supreme Court that's been the focus of expensive campaigns by conservative groups to reshape the judiciary. Movies 1:00am Documentary delves into life of music pioneer Clive Davis Clive Davis celebrated his legacy with the debut of a documentary about his life, along with performances from artists he helped become icons, during the opening night of the 2017 Tribeca Film Festival. Variety 12:30am Charge me up: Rural electric drivers face 'range anxiety' Sunita Halasz has tips for "driving electric" along lonely roads in New York's Adirondack Mountains: know the locations of charging stations, bring activities for the kids during three-hour recharges, turn on the energy-hogging window defroster in just 10-second bursts. Related Coverage Recipe: Pan-Griddled Sweet Potatoes With Miso-Ginger Sauce 12:11am Most Read Fox News Channel dismisses Bill O'Reilly, its biggest star • TV & Media Starbucks' most unusual drink yet — the Unicorn Frappuccino — wows fans • Eat & Drink MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew • Celebrities They are family: Minneapolis photographer captures local lookalikes • Variety Taste Granola, yogurt and kombucha? Hippies were right about food Brighten meals with lemony sorrel Home & Garden Staging your home to sell: Experts share their best tips Airy, open design breathes fresh air into classic Minneapolis apartment building The Good Life Are you lonesome? How Minnesota seniors are combating social isolation 'Trapped' at home during elevator repair, Edina woman got creative, and 'peaceful' Celebrities Embattled anchor Bill O'Reilly's future at Fox News looks uncertain Tennis star Serena Williams is pregnant, spokeswoman confirms Weekly feature Streetscapes Each Saturday, Star Tribune writers showcase Minnesota architecture. special feature Beautiful Gardens of the Twin Cities From October to April, we bring you into one Beautiful Garden a month. Movies Luke Skywalker returns in first trailer for 'Star Wars: The Last Jedi' 'Fast' fans get more of the same with 'Fate of the Furious' Music Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death St. Paul Chamber Orchestra keeps innovating with 2017-18 season Travel Minnesota laundromat has thousands of dolls hanging from the ceiling St. Marks Place — three famous, hip blocks of New York City TV & Media Fox News Channel dismisses Bill O'Reilly, its biggest star MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew Stage & Arts 'Two Guvnors' doubles down on laughs at Yellow Tree Headphones add a cinematic dimension to play at Red Eye Theater special feature Advice Looking for some advice on love, family, life? Here are tips from the Star Tribune's experts. Books St. Paul writer Caitlin Bailey wins Lindquist & Vennum Prize for Poetry Debut book catapults Minnesota author to literary stardom Eat & Drink New Twin Cities game bars put fun (and craft beers) on tap Hola Arepa owners reveal plans for former Minneapolis strip club: Asian street food Giving Back Gala benefits put the fun in fundraising Choose your own (giving) adventure StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks Democrat nearly wins Republican House seat in Georgia Fifa struggles to win backers for Russia World Cup China struggles to deal with ‘hopeless’ North Korea US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Democrat nearly wins Republican House seat in Georgia Interview with Steven Mnuchin: Transcript IMF says debt binge leaves US corporate assets exposed Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read JPMorgan accused of fraud over tech company sale Hard Rock gambles $375m on Trump Taj Mahal casino Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Wang Jianlin confirms China blocked Wanda’s US TV deal Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election Interview with Steven Mnuchin: Transcript FTSE 100 turns negative for 2017 on hit from stronger pound French election: divided markets open door to big reaction Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain The fearless market ignores perils ahead Dealing with America’s trade follies An enfeebled Labour leaves the centre ground up for grabs Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no Pocket computers are poised for a comeback The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub Business school students find voices in an age of protest Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump The cap may fit — but don’t wear it When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not How the Osage murders in Oklahoma led to the making of the modern FBI Late flowering: why the older years are the golden age for gardeners Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to read: Financial Times The gospel of Jeff Bezos is based on an illusion Already a subscriber? Sign in here Purchase aNewspaper + Premium Digitalsubscription for $11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Purchase aPremium Digitalsubscription for $10.25 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Purchase aStandard Digitalsubscription available as Limited Time Offer for $4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split Purchase aDigital Trialsubscription for $1.00 for 4 weeks * Select For 4 weeks receive unlimited Premium digital access to the FT's trusted, award-winning business news * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Crime April 19, 2017 11:12 am Updated: April 19, 2017 5:29 pm Halifax police search continues for Walmart sex assault suspect By Alexander Quon Global News ; Photos of a man police believe to be responsible for a sexual assault that occurred on March 18, 2017 Halifax Regional Police What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Halifax Regional Police say they have interviewed a man in relation to a sexual assault that occurred last month in a Walmart store in Bedford, N.S. According to police, just before 6:30 p.m. on March 18, a man wearing a black hoodie and track pants approached a woman in her 50s who was shopping in the women’s exercise section of the Walmart located at 141 Damascus Rd. Story continues below Initially, he walked behind the woman before brushing against her as he passed by. A short time later, the same man approached her and touched her in a sexual manner over her clothing. The woman responded by yelling which caused the man to flee. She reported the incident to a store employee before calling police. The suspect is described as a white man, approximately 30 years old. He is five-foot-eight and 160 pounds with brown hair and facial hair. Police say at 1:45 p.m. on Wednesday, a 25-year-old Halifax man turned himself into police headquarters. He was arrested, but police said he was later released without charges. Police are requesting that anyone with information to contact police at (902) 490-5016 or call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477. The police investigation continues. —With files from Sean Previl, Global News © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Bedford Crime halifax police Halifax Regional Police Police Sexual Assault Walmart Editor's Picks Canada Inside Canada's flexible work economy. Who's the real winner here? Canada Analysis: Canada’s Charter remains a flawed document that no politician dares try to fix Canada Could you handle a 33 per cent interest-rate hike on your debt? If not, start paying it off now Canada Analysis: On the eve of Malala visit, it’s clear we could use more feminist prime ministers Politics Airstrikes in Syria further complicate Trump's relationship with Russia Canada Have you heard about savings loans? Think carefully before signing up for one Sports With no NHL, who will play for Team Canada at the 2018 Olympics? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Comments closed. Due to the sensitive and/or legal subject matter of some of the content on globalnews.ca, we reserve the ability to disable comments from time to time. Please see our Commenting Policy for more. Popular Now 97-year-old son of world's oldest person dies at home in Jamaica 22016 10-year-old boy with autism arrested after kicking teacher in Florida 7274 Vancouver is world’s 10th-best city for millennials: study 7085 North Korea to U.S.: 'Don't mess with us' 2303 Venezuela donated $500,000 to Donald Trump inauguration despite food shortages 2028 Sponsored content Popular Videos Oklahoma’s ‘Witch grandma’ sentenced to 3 consecutive life sentences for child abuse WATCH NOW ‘Unchecked Iran’ could follow ‘same path’ as North Korea, says Tillerson WATCH NOW Trump targets Canadian dairy farmers outlining his Buy America plan WATCH NOW Aaron Hernandez found not guilty in 2012 double-murder WATCH NOW Trump takes direct aim at Canadian dairy farmers: ‘Unfair things have happened’ WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Louisiana Environment Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Vintage New Orleans Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Mandina's Rising: Rebuilding an iconic New Orleans restaurant Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Couple arrested in Kenner 'pigeon drop' scam, police say FAVORS VANESSA - Milous Brown.jpg Vanessa Favors, left, and Milous Brown are accused of theft while trying to run a "pigeon drop" scam on a woman in Kenner. (Kenner Police Department) Print Email Michelle Hunter, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Michelle Hunter, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 19, 2017 at 10:01 AM, updated April 19, 2017 at 10:14 AM comments Police arrested a couple accused of trying to run a "pigeon drop scam" on a 65-year-old woman at a Kenner store. Vanessa Favors, 61, of Atlanta, Ga., and Milous Brown, 74, of Birmingham, Ala., were booked on theft, fraud and forgery charges, said Lt. Brian McGregor, spokesman for the Kenner Police Department. Investigators also linked Favors to a similar scam that occurred at another Kenner store in 2013. "We certainly believe they are traveling and preying on the elderly to scam them," McGregor said. "We've also been in contact with other police jurisdictions who are reviewing similar cases."  In a "pigeon drop," con artists pretend to find a large sum of money in a bag, wallet or briefcase and approach the victim with plans to seize the obviously ill-gotten cash after contacting a lawyer. Victims often lose their own money when they're asked to put up a certain amount as a show of good faith while the lawyer clears the non-existent cash for distribution between the parties. Favors is accused of approaching a 65-year-old woman in a similar fashion on March 17 outside of the Rouses grocery store located at 4041 Williams Blvd., Kenner, McGregor said. Favors, while carrying a bible, asked the woman if she dropped her bag and flashed a purse containing a large amount of cash. Favors said she'd share the cash for a fee and convinced the woman to drive to the Wal-Mart located at 300 W. Esplanade Ave., Kenner, where Favors planned to contact her attorney, according to authorities. During the drive over, Favors began praying out loud as a distraction while she grabbed the woman's wallet, McGregor said. Once at the Wal-Mart, Favors took the handbag inside the store. The woman became suspicious when Favors didn't return. That's when she looked in her purse and realized her wallet containing $65 cash and some credit cards was missing, McGregor said. By the time she contacted her credit card companies, someone had spent $414.82 at the Wal-Mart where she'd been left waiting. Someone also bought $27.36 worth of fuel at a nearby service station. The companies reported that two attempts to use the card at a Wal-Mart on Williams Boulevard in Kenner had been declined, McGregor said. Investigators checked surveillance cameras and discovered that Favors met up with a man later identified as Brown, and they used the victim's credit cards, according to authorities. Detectives eventually identified Favors and Brown as suspects in the case and took them into custody April 12. In addition to the theft in March, investigators identified Favors as the suspect who pulled a similar scam on a 69-year-old woman outside of a Winn Dixie located at 2104 Williams Blvd., Kenner, in 2013, McGregor said. Favors and Brown were booked with forgery, identity theft, theft valued under $750 and five counts of computer fraud. Detectives also booked Favors with theft of an asset valued over $1,500 and attempted theft of an asset valued over $500 in connection with the 2013 incident, McGregor said. Investigators suspect there are other victims in the New Orleans area, people who have not come forward out of embarrassment. Bond for Favors was set at $50,500. Bond for Brown was set at $35,500. Both were released Saturday (April 15) without bond because of crowding at the jail. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr New Orleans Crime Map by District Find the latest reports near you NOPD district maps of preliminary violent crime reports in New Orleans special report Family Sentence Louisiana's criminal justice system scars children, families and the community when parents are imprisoned Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries 2016 murder count 0 Latest Incident: 2016 map of N.O homicides Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Latest News Dow 20,404 -118.79 -0.58% Nasdaq 5,863 +13.56 +0.23% S&P 500 2,338 -4.02 -0.17% 2:56 A.M. ET Unilever sales rise, but lag in Europe, U.S. 2:53 A.M. ET Debenhams profit falls; interim dividend unchanged 2:45 A.M. ET Updated Fund managers are avoiding U.S. stocks like never before in this bull market 2:43 A.M. ET Updated This robot explains why you shouldn’t worry about artificial intelligence 2:36 A.M. ET Atlas Copco buys full control of Taiwan's CSKT 2:36 A.M. ET Sky profit falls 11% on soccer TV costs, ad slide 2:34 A.M. ET Moneysupermarket.com sees 2017 on track 2:34 A.M. ET Acacia Mining revenue up 6% on gold price rise 2:33 A.M. ET Unilever revenue rises 6.1% 2:18 A.M. ET Rio Tinto trims copper production target 2:17 A.M. ET Axel Springer buys stake in Uber 2:16 A.M. ET ECB officials warn on cutting stimulus too soon 2:15 A.M. ET National Grid plans share consolidation 2:11 A.M. ET German March producer prices steady in March 1:45 A.M. ET Pernod sales lifted by U.S., Europe markets 1:44 A.M. ET Publicis dragged down by loss of U.S. accounts 1:34 A.M. ET Updated Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil 1:23 A.M. ET ABB revenue falls, but divestment lifts net income 1:22 A.M. ET Oil prices move higher after sinking to nearly three-week lows 12:21 A.M. ET Updated Book a private jet on your smartphone — for less than a first-class flight Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Retail/Wholesale Sam's Club revamps Member's Mark brand with premium products By Tonya Garcia Published: Apr 19, 2017 9:50 a.m. ET Share By TonyaGarcia Reporter Sam's Club, a division of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. WMT, +0.24% said Tuesday that it has revamped its private label Member's Mark brand to include premium products. Items include sea salt caramels, honey sourced from a U.S. bee cooperative and all natural pulled pork created with help from pit masters at the Kansas City Barbeque Society. The brand will add 300 new items this year and plans to add another 300 next year. Merchandise spans across food, health and wellness, apparel and more. Wal-Mart shares are up 0.3% in Wednesday trading and up 7.2% for the year to date. The Dow Jones Industrial Average DJIA, -0.58% is up 3.9% for 2017 so far. Quote References WMT +0.18 +0.24% DJIA -118.79 -0.58% Most Popular How the Trump stock market ranks as he nears his 100th day in office Book a private jet on your smartphone — for less than a first-class flight This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil The future of video games may be a full-body experience MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $74.07 +0.18 (+0.24%) Volume 5.5M Open $74.10 High $74.38 Low $73.86 P/E Ratio 16.87 Div Yield 2.75 Market Cap 224.1B Dow Jones Industrial Average DJ-Index: DJIA 20,404.49 -118.79 (-0.58%) Volume 294.8M Open 20,504 High 20,547 Low 20,380 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 4/19/2017 8:45 AM Inland Real Estate Acquisitions buys shopping center Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Business Wire OAK BROOK -- Inland Real Estate Acquisitions purchased a New Hampshire shopping center shadow-anchored by a Super Wal-Mart with a grocery component. The Pentucket Shopping Center is a 199,335-square-foot retail center located in Plaistow, New Hampshire, approximately one mile north of the Massachusetts state border and approximately 40 miles north of Boston. Terms of the purchase were not disclosed. Mark Cosenza, senior vice president of Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., facilitated the transaction on behalf of Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Originally constructed in 1986 and remodeled in 2004, Pentucket Shopping Center is located at 58 Plaistow Road. The shopping center is located near the border of Massachusetts and New Hampshire, and provides consumers with the benefit of no sales tax in Plaistow. "Pentucket Shopping Center is well-situated near the border of New Hampshire and Massachusetts, positioning it as the area's primary retail destination and providing more than 584,000 people within a 15-mile radius with convenient access to a variety of home improvement, beauty, home goods and bank retailers and an adjacent Super Wal-Mart," said Cosenza. "This recently renovated shopping center has well-established tenants and is ideally located within its respective region, making it a prime example of the type of retail acquisitions we continue to seek out." This acquisition marks the 75th retail property purchase Inland Real Estate Acquisitions has accomplished over the last 26 months, totaling more than $1.6 billion in retail purchases. To date, Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc. has facilitated more than $44 billion of purchases including apartments, single-tenant properties, medical office buildings and retail properties. Tweet This article filed under: Business Commercial Real Estate Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Walmart's Bargain-Bin E-Commerce Plan By Shelly Banjo Photographer: BETH HALL/BLOOMBERG NEWS Consumer Shelly Banjo Shelly Banjo is a Bloomberg Gadfly columnist covering retail and consumer goods. She previously was a reporter at Quartz and the Wall Street Journal. Follow @sbanjo Facebook Twitter Email Print Share April 19, 2017 8:44 AM EDT WAL-MART STORES INC +0.18 At Closing, April 19th 74.07 USD AMAZON.COM INC -4.58 At Closing, April 19th 899.20 USD If you'd asked the founders of Bonobos a decade ago what their company would look like 10 years hence, it's unlikely getting gobbled up by Wal-Mart Stores Inc. would have been part of the picture. The hip menswear brand -- which began selling pants from a Manhattan apartment and whose physical stores don't actually offer any items for sale -- doesn't exactly fit with Walmart, which predominantly sells groceries and gets 97 percent of its sales from brick-and-mortar locations. But the retailing giant has reportedly offered $300 million to buy Bonobos.  Buyers Market In true Walmart fashion, even the retailer's M&A department likes to scoop up deals at a discount Source: Bloomberg Research *Note: Walmart has not yet bought Bonobos for $300 million and a deal could always fall through. Come to think of it, none of the small e-tailers in Walmart.com's recent buying spree of names such as Modcloth and Shoebuy.com seem like natural fits. And there are more deals to come, if recent comments from Walmart's e-commerce chief Marc Lore -- who joined Walmart via its purchase of Jet.com -- are any guide. Investors looking to make sense of it all should consider what's motivating the buying spree.  Walmart spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, an unprofitable upstart, with the hopes founder Lore could finally help Walmart compete with rival Amazon.com Inc. After all, Lore had worked at Amazon after selling his previous company, Quidsi, to the Internet giant.  Walmart had struggled for nearly two decades to understand e-commerce and was missing out on the retail industry's growth engine. When Lore became Walmart's digital head, he was given a mandate: Drive e-commerce growth fast enough to prove to Walmart board members that buying Jet.com was worth it.  Growth Spurt Walmart's Jet.com purchase boosted U.S. e-commerce sales, which rose 29% in the latest quarter from a year ago; but poor overseas sales dragged down total figures Source: Bloomberg, Walmart What's the fastest way to add sales? Buy up a bunch of companies that are already making those sales and sweep them under your corporate umbrella. When Lore took over, he quickly learned what old hands at Walmart had struggled for years to fix: Cool brands like Nike Inc. wouldn't sell their stuff to the discount retailer. That meant its digital operations, which cater to wealthier shoppers, struggled to attract customers.  But hipper brands were willing to sell stuff through Jet.com, which didn't have the same brand-busting reputation as Walmart. Moosejaw, Modcloth and other recent acquisitions will also help Walmart offer sought-after goods to shoppers without them ever knowing their dollars will end up in Walmart's coffers. These deals also bring in employees that are experts in managing key online categories such as activewear and shoes, talent Walmart has lacked.  Amazon Addiction Share of primary household shoppers who shopped at Amazon or Walmart Source: Kantar Retail ShopperScape Note: Share of shoppers who shopped Amazon or Walmart at least once in the previous four weeks The problem is, in true Walmart fashion, the retailer is trying to buy revenue growth on the cheap. So instead of paying up for bigger online players such as Wayfair Inc., Overstock.com Inc., or Staples Inc. -- which could really move the e-commerce growth needle -- Walmart is focusing on quantity.  Many of Walmart's small targets have been struggling to boost sales quickly enough to attract additional venture-capital funding at what are already lofty valuations. As retail IPOs dry up, these e-tailers have little choice but to sell to a strategic suitor or wind down operations. The downside to Walmart's corporate-savior strategy is that, by the time it scoops up these companies, top talent has already fled. Traffic and sales have flagged. And becoming part of Walmart doesn't exactly bolster a digital retailer's cool quotient. Those factors could lessen the positive impact of these deals on Walmart's e-commerce sales.  That's what happened in 2012, after Walmart's previous e-commerce chief, Neil Ashe, bought more than a dozen struggling companies, many of them for scraps. The deals made Walmart look committed to growing e-commerce sales, temporarily boosting its stock price. But five years later, Walmart's online sales are still stuck at 3 percent of total revenue.  Deal Boost Walmart's shares are trading at their highest value since August 2016 For now, I can see why investors are giving Walmart the benefit of the doubt, sending shares up 7 percent year-to-date. The company deserves props for trying. Acquisition headlines at the very least create the perception Walmart intends to catch up to Amazon. But with Walmart reverting to its old strategy of hoping small investments will yield big changes, it's hard to see why the outcome will be all that different this time around. Perhaps Walmart needs to think more ambitiously about how it will look in 10 years. This column does not necessarily reflect the opinion of Bloomberg LP and its owners. Company lore says Walmart lost out to Amazon on the acquisition of Diapers.com parent Quidsi because Walmart wouldn't pay up to buy the company.  To contact the author of this story: Shelly Banjo in New York at sbanjo@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Mark Gongloff at mgongloff1@bloomberg.net IMF global growth forecast, 2017 3.5% Dog Days Debt Is Asia's Weak Tail. Watch It Grow Finance Andy Mukherjee Bank of America first-quarter profit +40% Dead End Wall Street's Great Earnings Don't Spell Jobs in Asia Finance Nisha Gopalan Holding Up Holding Up Fox shares are still up for the year and even outperforming some peers Source: Bloomberg Note: Time Warner's stock performance is capped by AT&T's pending acquisition. Signing Off Fox News's Delicate Balance Media Tara Lachapelle Lower for Longer Lower for Longer Longer-term U.S. government bond yields have fallen in recent years Source: Bloomberg 100-Year War Long, Long Bonds and Even Longer Odds Markets Lisa Abramowicz Whole-sale Whole-sale Shares of drug distributors fell Tuesday after Cardinal acknowledged continuing pricing weakness Source: Bloomberg Pricing Pain Generic Drug Woes Aren't Going Away Health Max Nisen Oil Price That Doesn't Represent A Return To Good Old Days $50 Lacking All Conviction Oil Investors Just Aren't Buying It Energy Liam Denning Leapfrog Leapfrog Morgan Stanley's fixed-income trading unit posted higher revenue than its counterpart at Goldman Sachs for the first time in at least five years Source: Bloomberg Winning Morgan Stanley May Give Goldman Some Ideas Finance Gillian Tan Potential Value of Dish's Spectrum $35 billion Doubling Down Careful Betting Against Charlie Ergen Deals Tara Lachapelle Is That It? Is That It? Akzo shares have failed to receive a big lift from the company's defence strategy Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Big Leap Akzo's Defense Scares No One Deals Chris Hughes TV Lowlights TV Lowlights Mediaset depends largely on television advertising, which is expected to contract Source: Magna Global Bollore vs. the Berlusconis Bollore and Berlusconi Should Drop the Bullheaded Act Tech Leila Abboud Deserved Discount Deserved Discount Burberry's rating reflects its challenges and stronger momentum elsewhere Source: Bloomberg Wanted: Excitement When Burberry's Brexit Tide Goes Out... Consumer Andrea Felsted FTSE 100 decline on Tuesday 2% No More Theresa Maybe We'll Know Soon What Brexit Really Means Markets Lionel Laurent Relentless Relentless The multiyear rise in India's soured bank debt shows no sign of abating Source: Reserve Bank of India Note: Ratio doesn't include restructured debt and unrecognized stressed assets. CELEBRITY DISTRACTION A Sideshow in India's Bad-Debt Epic Finance Andy Mukherjee On Contract On Contract U.S. H-1B visa applications are dominated by IT outsourcing and consulting companies Source: MyVisaJobs.com Based on Labor Condition Applications (LCA) filed in fiscal year 2016. Bosom Buddies Trump Is Tech's New Best Friend Tech Tim Culpan Lowell McAdam will pick up the phone for Anyone Hello? Verizon Waits by the Phone Deals Tara Lachapelle Government Cheese Government Cheese Growth in its Medicaid and Medicare businesses helped boost UnitedHealth shares Tuesday Source: Bloomberg Intraday times are displayed in ET. Uncle Sam's Club UnitedHealth's Government Growth Can't Be Ignored Health Max Nisen Grainger's Year-to-Date Decline 15% W.W. Grainger Meet the Latest Amazon Victim Industrials Brooke Sutherland Deep Disappointment Deep Disappointment Goldman's shares fell the most in almost a year after it reported earnings Source: Bloomberg Lost in Stagnation Goldman's Edge Cuts Both Ways Finance Lisa Abramowicz Slowing Slowing Bank of America's loans and leases balance grew by less than 1 percent in the 12 months since March 2016, less than the industry average Source: Bloomberg Intelligence, Federal Reserve Renewed Interest Bank of America's Bragging Rights Come With an Assist Finance Gillian Tan Deal Pop Deal Pop Shares in Kate Spade fell back down to pre-deal chatter levels after the company reported dismal first quarter results Source: Bloomberg Bag It Kate Spade Needs to Close Its Deal Consumer Shelly Banjo Guess Who Has Enough OLED Screens? Samsung  Weak Link The iPhone Supply Chain Bites Back at Apple Tech Shira Ovide Paper Gains Paper Gains SCA stock has outperformed as investors have egged on a likely demerger Source: Bloomberg Double-Jointed Deals Private Equity Winces as Companies Do the Splits Deals Chris Hughes It's Not All About Brexit It's Not All About Brexit Gilt yields have managed to weather the storm helped by falling yields elsewhere Source: Bloomberg Sterling Surprise Pound Votes for May's Determination Markets Marcus Ashworth Fallen Fortunes Fallen Fortunes While oil values have risen since the recent nadir in 2016, they're still relatively low Source: Bloomberg Use It and Lose It Oil Drillers' Vanishing Safety Net Markets Lisa Abramowicz
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Simmons first quarter income down by $1.4 million, bank officials tout recent deals Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property Little Rock port has manufacturing prospect with 1,000-job potential USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office Arkansas’ high court hands state’s execution schedule another setback, Gov. Hutchinson ‘disappointed’ Fort Smith Board okays $18 million utilities CIP for 2017, addresses other consent decree items TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Flurry of court filings continue ahead of second slate of executions; Innocence Project, ACLU on inmates’ case Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Wal-Mart continues to invest in its distribution, e-commerce fulfillment infrastructure Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media U.S. Rep. Hill wants President Trump leadership on tax reform Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Arkansas trucking group marks 85 years of advocating for the industry J.B. Hunt first quarter profits up 2.6%, revenue misses consensus estimate OOIDA takes case against ELD mandate to Supreme Court Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart’s Lore hires customer care executive from Citibank BusinessNews BriefsNorthwest Arkansas by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 18 hours ago 99 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet Walmart.com CEO Marc Lore Walmart.com CEO Marc Lore announced to his staff Monday (April 17), the hiring of Rahul Joshi as the new senior vice president overseeing customer care. The hire is one of several Lore is making in his newly structured organization. Joshi will report directly to Lore. Joshi has spent the past 25 years at Citibank leading consumer operations in Asia. Lore said Joshi will be on his leadership team and represent the voice of the customer. He will be based in Jet.com’s office in Hoboken, N.J., but Lore said Joshi will be spending ample time with Jet’s retailer’s teams in Dallas, San Bruno, Salt Lake City and Bentonville. Lore said Joshi will be in charge of customer care operations at Walmart.com and Jet.com and help to enhance the retailer’s overall customer experience. He will also oversee returns experience and fraud teams at the respective retail operations. Joshi’s additional tasks will include building capabilities that allow the retailer to speak to its customers in one voice and resolve their issues while also enhancing their experience. Lori said Joshi will also help to reduce customer contacts and ensure the retailer has internal mechanisms to enhance the customer experience upfront. Joshi’s team will include: Deserie Delaney, customer care for Walmart.com Eric Thompson, Operations – fraud and risk for Walmart.com Laura Duke, returns experience at Walmart.com Doug De Angelo, Jet member services. Joshi holds a master’s degree in management from North Carolina State University and a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from the University of Poona, India. Comments comments Previous post Fort Smith Board okays $18 million utilities CIP for 2017, addresses other consent decree items Next post Skyline Report: Northwest Arkansas commercial market ‘active and well-balanced’ Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Latest Popular TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office 4 hours ago Arkansas’ high court hands state’s execution schedule another setback, Gov. Hutchinson ‘disappointed’ 5 hours ago Simmons first quarter income down by $1.4 million, bank officials tout recent deals 8 hours ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 8 hours ago Little Rock port has manufacturing prospect with 1,000-job potential 9 hours ago Wal-Mart’s ongoing restructuring could cost more jobs as it retools for the future 3,466 views Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 1,911 views Arkansas Supreme Court removes Judge Griffen from death penalty cases, Senate President cautions members on impeachment 1,663 views Wal-Mart tech exec Marc Lore pushes plan to make up for lost time 1,394 views Damien Echols, Johnny Depp attend anti-execution rally in Little Rock 1,245 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Hartz Mountain Corporation April 19, 2017 08:08 ET Introducing Delectables™, the First Lickable Stew Treat for Dogs SECAUCUS, NJ--(Marketwired - Apr 19, 2017) - The Hartz Mountain Corporation introduces Delectables™, the first lickable stew treat for dogs, available at Walmart, Amazon.com and select retailers around the country. "Delectables Stew Lickable Treats for dogs represents a true innovation in the canine treat category," says Susan Burris, Brand Manager, Dog Treats, Hartz Mountain Corp. "Perfect for small dogs, Delectables Stew is a delicious and lickable wet dog treat that provides a new occasion for treating and healthy snacking and is ideal for dog parents who love to pamper their pets."  Ideal as an in-between meal treat or as a savory topper for dry food, Delectables Stew Lickable Treats' convenient, single-serve pouches provide dogs with appealing, low-fat treats made with real chicken, beef, cheese and vegetables, without meat by-products. Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties, including Chicken, Chicken with Cheese, Chicken with Beef and Chicken Senior Formula. A single-serve package retails at about $1.00. "Delectables Stew Lickable Treats were developed with nurturing pet parents in mind, who want to ensure their dogs enjoy no-guilt treats that are scrumptious, low-fat and made with high-quality protein and vegetables," says Dr. Georgette Wilson, Director of Scientific and Regulatory Affairs and resident veterinarian, Hartz Mountain Corp.  "Pet parents want to see their dog happy, and nothing makes their dog happier than a mouth-watering treat," adds Burris. "Delectables Stew Lickable Treats have such a great taste that dogs are licking their bowls clean." Dogs that have sampled Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are generating rave reviews from their pet parents. "Absolutely, without question, my dog's favorite treat," says Stacy. Another pet parent wrote on Amazon.com that "my two dogs devoured this stuff and I mean DEVOURED." Consumers are invited to share photos or videos of how their dogs lick up Delectables during the Delectables "Tongue Out Tuesday" sweepstakes, with the hashtag #LickItLoveIt to participate in weekly drawings for a chance to win Delectables Stew Lickable Treats on the company's Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest. About The Hartz Mountain Corporation: The Hartz Mountain Corporation is a leading manufacturer and marketer of pet care products in the United States and Canada. For 90 years, Hartz has provided pet owners with the highest quality products -- innovative solutions developed with proven science and a love for companion animals. The company offers more than 1,200 products for dogs, cats, birds, small animals, reptiles and fish, each dedicated to the health and well-being of household pets. For more information, visit www.hartz.com. Contact Information MEDIA CONTACT: Nancy Tamosaitis Vorticom Public Relations 212.532.2208 (o) Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Hartz Mountain Corporation From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure From this sub-industry Pets See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Introducing Delectables,the First Lickable Stew Treat for Dogs View Image: S M L Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties including Chicken. View Image: S M L Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties including Chicken with Beef. View Image: S M L Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties including Chicken with Cheese. View Image: S M L Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties including Chicken Senior Formula. View Image: S M L The Hartz Mountain Corporation introduces Delectables(TM), the first lickable stew treat for dogs, available at Walmart, Amazon.com and select retailers around the country. Highlighted Links Delectables Stew Lickable Treats for Dogs Hartz Mountain Corporation Webosphere What people are saying about this release: Diggs on this release Keyword Cloud delectables   treats   stew   lickable   hartz   pet   corporation   love   devoured   amazon   burris   cheese   pets   vegetables   View Website   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Introducing Delectables(TM), the First Lickable Stew Treat for Dogs SECAUCUS, NJ–(Marketwired – Apr 19, 2017) – The Hartz Mountain Corporation introduces Delectables™, the first lickable stew treat for dogs, available at Walmart, Amazon.com and select retailers around the country. „Delectables Stew Lickable Treats for dogs represents a true innovation in the canine treat category,” says Susan Burris, Brand Manager, Dog Treats, Hartz Mountain Corp. „Perfect for small dogs, Delectables Stew is a delicious and lickable wet dog treat that provides a new occasion for treating and healthy snacking and is ideal for dog parents who love to pamper their pets.”  Ideal as an in-between meal treat or as a savory topper for dry food, Delectables Stew Lickable Treats‚ convenient, single-serve pouches provide dogs with appealing, low-fat treats made with real chicken, beef, cheese and vegetables, without meat by-products. Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties, including Chicken, Chicken with Cheese, Chicken with Beef and Chicken Senior Formula. A single-serve package retails at about $1.00. „Delectables Stew Lickable Treats were developed with nurturing pet parents in mind, who want to ensure their dogs enjoy no-guilt treats that are scrumptious, low-fat and made with high-quality protein and vegetables,” says Dr. Georgette Wilson, Director of Scientific and Regulatory Affairs and resident veterinarian, Hartz Mountain Corp.  „Pet parents want to see their dog happy, and nothing makes their dog happier than a mouth-watering treat,” adds Burris. „Delectables Stew Lickable Treats have such a great taste that dogs are licking their bowls clean.” Dogs that have sampled Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are generating rave reviews from their pet parents. „Absolutely, without question, my dog’s favorite treat,” says Stacy. Another pet parent wrote on Amazon.com that „my two dogs devoured this stuff and I mean DEVOURED.” Consumers are invited to share photos or videos of how their dogs lick up Delectables during the Delectables „Tongue Out Tuesday” sweepstakes, with the hashtag #LickItLoveIt to participate in weekly drawings for a chance to win Delectables Stew Lickable Treats on the company’s Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest. About The Hartz Mountain Corporation: The Hartz Mountain Corporation is a leading manufacturer and marketer of pet care products in the United States and Canada. For 90 years, Hartz has provided pet owners with the highest quality products — innovative solutions developed with proven science and a love for companion animals. The company offers more than 1,200 products for dogs, cats, birds, small animals, reptiles and fish, each dedicated to the health and well-being of household pets. For more information, visit www.hartz.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fulham Acquires Control Network Solutions to Bring DALI(R) Control to Customers for Emerging Smart Lighting Products Next PostNext Abbott Reports First-Quarter 2017 Results Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Introducing Delectables(TM), the First Lickable Stew Treat for Dogs SECAUCUS, NJ–(Marketwired – Apr 19, 2017) – The Hartz Mountain Corporation introduces Delectables™, the first lickable stew treat for dogs, available at Walmart, Amazon.com and select retailers around the country. „Delectables Stew Lickable Treats for dogs represents a true innovation in the canine treat category,” says Susan Burris, Brand Manager, Dog Treats, Hartz Mountain Corp. „Perfect for small dogs, Delectables Stew is a delicious and lickable wet dog treat that provides a new occasion for treating and healthy snacking and is ideal for dog parents who love to pamper their pets.”  Ideal as an in-between meal treat or as a savory topper for dry food, Delectables Stew Lickable Treats‚ convenient, single-serve pouches provide dogs with appealing, low-fat treats made with real chicken, beef, cheese and vegetables, without meat by-products. Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties, including Chicken, Chicken with Cheese, Chicken with Beef and Chicken Senior Formula. A single-serve package retails at about $1.00. „Delectables Stew Lickable Treats were developed with nurturing pet parents in mind, who want to ensure their dogs enjoy no-guilt treats that are scrumptious, low-fat and made with high-quality protein and vegetables,” says Dr. Georgette Wilson, Director of Scientific and Regulatory Affairs and resident veterinarian, Hartz Mountain Corp.  „Pet parents want to see their dog happy, and nothing makes their dog happier than a mouth-watering treat,” adds Burris. „Delectables Stew Lickable Treats have such a great taste that dogs are licking their bowls clean.” Dogs that have sampled Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are generating rave reviews from their pet parents. „Absolutely, without question, my dog’s favorite treat,” says Stacy. Another pet parent wrote on Amazon.com that „my two dogs devoured this stuff and I mean DEVOURED.” Consumers are invited to share photos or videos of how their dogs lick up Delectables during the Delectables „Tongue Out Tuesday” sweepstakes, with the hashtag #LickItLoveIt to participate in weekly drawings for a chance to win Delectables Stew Lickable Treats on the company’s Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest. About The Hartz Mountain Corporation: The Hartz Mountain Corporation is a leading manufacturer and marketer of pet care products in the United States and Canada. For 90 years, Hartz has provided pet owners with the highest quality products — innovative solutions developed with proven science and a love for companion animals. The company offers more than 1,200 products for dogs, cats, birds, small animals, reptiles and fish, each dedicated to the health and well-being of household pets. For more information, visit www.hartz.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fulham Acquires Control Network Solutions to Bring DALI(R) Control to Customers for Emerging Smart Lighting Products Next PostNext Abbott Reports First-Quarter 2017 Results Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Introducing Delectables(TM), the First Lickable Stew Treat for Dogs SECAUCUS, NJ–(Marketwired – Apr 19, 2017) – The Hartz Mountain Corporation introduces Delectables™, the first lickable stew treat for dogs, available at Walmart, Amazon.com and select retailers around the country. „Delectables Stew Lickable Treats for dogs represents a true innovation in the canine treat category,” says Susan Burris, Brand Manager, Dog Treats, Hartz Mountain Corp. „Perfect for small dogs, Delectables Stew is a delicious and lickable wet dog treat that provides a new occasion for treating and healthy snacking and is ideal for dog parents who love to pamper their pets.”  Ideal as an in-between meal treat or as a savory topper for dry food, Delectables Stew Lickable Treats‚ convenient, single-serve pouches provide dogs with appealing, low-fat treats made with real chicken, beef, cheese and vegetables, without meat by-products. Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties, including Chicken, Chicken with Cheese, Chicken with Beef and Chicken Senior Formula. A single-serve package retails at about $1.00. „Delectables Stew Lickable Treats were developed with nurturing pet parents in mind, who want to ensure their dogs enjoy no-guilt treats that are scrumptious, low-fat and made with high-quality protein and vegetables,” says Dr. Georgette Wilson, Director of Scientific and Regulatory Affairs and resident veterinarian, Hartz Mountain Corp.  „Pet parents want to see their dog happy, and nothing makes their dog happier than a mouth-watering treat,” adds Burris. „Delectables Stew Lickable Treats have such a great taste that dogs are licking their bowls clean.” Dogs that have sampled Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are generating rave reviews from their pet parents. „Absolutely, without question, my dog’s favorite treat,” says Stacy. Another pet parent wrote on Amazon.com that „my two dogs devoured this stuff and I mean DEVOURED.” Consumers are invited to share photos or videos of how their dogs lick up Delectables during the Delectables „Tongue Out Tuesday” sweepstakes, with the hashtag #LickItLoveIt to participate in weekly drawings for a chance to win Delectables Stew Lickable Treats on the company’s Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest. About The Hartz Mountain Corporation: The Hartz Mountain Corporation is a leading manufacturer and marketer of pet care products in the United States and Canada. For 90 years, Hartz has provided pet owners with the highest quality products — innovative solutions developed with proven science and a love for companion animals. The company offers more than 1,200 products for dogs, cats, birds, small animals, reptiles and fish, each dedicated to the health and well-being of household pets. For more information, visit www.hartz.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Fulham Acquires Control Network Solutions to Bring DALI(R) Control to Customers for Emerging Smart Lighting Products Next PostNext Abbott Reports First-Quarter 2017 Results Search Recent Posts Air Data Systems Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Global Civil Aerospace Simulation and Training Market by Key Players, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 PR Newswire Partners with the Stevie Awards to Offer News Distribution to 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards and Its Winners Global Capillary Electrophoresis Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 7.06% During The Period 2017-2021 Kiwi actor Shane Cortese joins New Zealand Sotheby’s Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Hartz Mountain Corporation April 19, 2017 08:08 ET Introducing Delectables™, the First Lickable Stew Treat for Dogs SECAUCUS, NJ--(Marketwired - Apr 19, 2017) - The Hartz Mountain Corporation introduces Delectables™, the first lickable stew treat for dogs, available at Walmart, Amazon.com and select retailers around the country. "Delectables Stew Lickable Treats for dogs represents a true innovation in the canine treat category," says Susan Burris, Brand Manager, Dog Treats, Hartz Mountain Corp. "Perfect for small dogs, Delectables Stew is a delicious and lickable wet dog treat that provides a new occasion for treating and healthy snacking and is ideal for dog parents who love to pamper their pets."  Ideal as an in-between meal treat or as a savory topper for dry food, Delectables Stew Lickable Treats' convenient, single-serve pouches provide dogs with appealing, low-fat treats made with real chicken, beef, cheese and vegetables, without meat by-products. Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties, including Chicken, Chicken with Cheese, Chicken with Beef and Chicken Senior Formula. A single-serve package retails at about $1.00. "Delectables Stew Lickable Treats were developed with nurturing pet parents in mind, who want to ensure their dogs enjoy no-guilt treats that are scrumptious, low-fat and made with high-quality protein and vegetables," says Dr. Georgette Wilson, Director of Scientific and Regulatory Affairs and resident veterinarian, Hartz Mountain Corp.  "Pet parents want to see their dog happy, and nothing makes their dog happier than a mouth-watering treat," adds Burris. "Delectables Stew Lickable Treats have such a great taste that dogs are licking their bowls clean." Dogs that have sampled Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are generating rave reviews from their pet parents. "Absolutely, without question, my dog's favorite treat," says Stacy. Another pet parent wrote on Amazon.com that "my two dogs devoured this stuff and I mean DEVOURED." Consumers are invited to share photos or videos of how their dogs lick up Delectables during the Delectables "Tongue Out Tuesday" sweepstakes, with the hashtag #LickItLoveIt to participate in weekly drawings for a chance to win Delectables Stew Lickable Treats on the company's Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest. About The Hartz Mountain Corporation: The Hartz Mountain Corporation is a leading manufacturer and marketer of pet care products in the United States and Canada. For 90 years, Hartz has provided pet owners with the highest quality products -- innovative solutions developed with proven science and a love for companion animals. The company offers more than 1,200 products for dogs, cats, birds, small animals, reptiles and fish, each dedicated to the health and well-being of household pets. For more information, visit www.hartz.com. Contact Information MEDIA CONTACT: Nancy Tamosaitis Vorticom Public Relations 212.532.2208 (o) Email Contact Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Hartz Mountain Corporation From this industry Lifestyle and Leisure From this sub-industry Pets See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia Introducing Delectables,the First Lickable Stew Treat for Dogs View Image: S M L Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties including Chicken. View Image: S M L Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties including Chicken with Beef. View Image: S M L Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties including Chicken with Cheese. View Image: S M L Delectables Stew Lickable Treats are available in four varieties including Chicken Senior Formula. View Image: S M L The Hartz Mountain Corporation introduces Delectables(TM), the first lickable stew treat for dogs, available at Walmart, Amazon.com and select retailers around the country. Highlighted Links Delectables Stew Lickable Treats for Dogs Hartz Mountain Corporation Webosphere What people are saying about this release: Diggs on this release Keyword Cloud delectables   treats   stew   lickable   hartz   pet   corporation   love   devoured   amazon   burris   cheese   pets   vegetables   View Website   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Retail Search Search ExxonExxon Won’t Say If It’s Seeking a Waiver From Russia Sanctions WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: April 20 GoogleGoogle Could Be Planning to Launch an Ad-Blocker For Chrome JapanConfidence Among Japan Manufacturers Has Risen to Pre-Financial Crisis Levels A employee walks by a meat cooler in the grocery section of a Sam's Club, which is owned by Walmart. Photograph by Rick Wilking — Reuters wine Sam’s Club Launches Challenge to Costco’s Wine Business Phil Wahba Apr 19, 2017 Sam's Club wants in on the wine boom. The Wal-Mart Stores-owned wholesale club chain is launching its first ever house brand wines this year, with its eyes firmly on the bonanza reaped by archrival Costco Wholesale (cost), the largest wine retailer in the country. Sam's, which operates some 650 U.S. clubs, recently introduced an $8 Chardonnay from California's central coast under its Member's Mark store brand, and this year will start selling a Cabarnet from Napa Valley, a prosecco and a champagne under that label as part of an initiative announced on Wednesday. (Sam's already sells wine, just not under its own brands.) The wine, along with a push to add premium, gourmet foods like olive oil from Italy and handcrafted caramels, are part of Sam's Club's efforts to upgrade its store brands. Costco's Kirkland brand, which includes well regarded wines, spans a wide variety of products and generates some 20% in annual sales and is one of the key weapons Costco has used to regularly outperform Sam's Club's sales growth for several years. So the initiatives are a key way for Sam's Club is to reach a goal it shared with Fortune last year: to reach more affluent customers and raise the average household income of a Sam's shopper to $100,000 from about $80,000, in large part by overhauling its food. That compares to about $120,000 for Costco, whose stores are heavily concentrated in West Coast urban areas and other, wealthier markets. Sam's Club locations are often close to Walmart stores in more modest income markets. Last year, Sam's Club finished whittling down 21 house brands into one, Member's Mark after finding simplicity in its branding would spur sales. A more compelling food offering is key for Sam's Club: it got about 59% of its $57.4 billion in revenue last year from food and rivals are upping their own grocery game. "They pay a membership fee so they expect to find unique items," Chandra Holt, vice president of Sam's Club's private brands business told Fortune in an interview, referring to customers. The new products are the first results of a year-long effort to up its food game by hiring a complement of product developers and quality testers. Last year, Sam's Club installed regional buying teams to source specialty fine foods and give a store in a given region more say in what it sells, a tactic successfully employed by everyone from Target to Whole Foods as grocers cater to local tastes and consumers adopt the farm-to-table way of eating. Over the course of 2017, Sam's Club will be introducing 300 new items, 200 of which are food items, and another 300 next year. The retailer will also be updating another 600 items this year, no small task for a retailer that offers about 2,000 kinds of items under its house brand umbrella. (All in, a Sam's Club store offers about 6,000 different kinds of items, and about ten times that online.) For years, Sam's Club's focus was to offer house brands that were on a par with brands found at any large retailer. But that hasn't proven to be enough. "In today's environment, a lot of our members want better than that," Holt said. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu MAKE AMERICA ACCOUNT AGAIN US companies rank miserably low on the UN’s new corporate responsibility rankings Written by Dan Morrison, for OrbMedia (orbmedia.org), a non-profit digital newsroom reporting the stories that shape our world. April 19, 2017 Counting EBITDA, not development goals. (Reuters/Andrew Kelly) Share Written by Dan Morrison, for OrbMedia (orbmedia.org), a non-profit digital newsroom reporting the stories that shape our world. April 19, 2017 When it comes to the UN’s sustainable development goals, Apple just thinks different. The iPhone-manufacturing behemoth ranks among the worst of the world’s richest public companies in recognizing sustainable-development themes in its corporate annual reports, according to a new analysis of 100 top brands. Apple is joined at the bottom of the gilded heap by more than a dozen companies who also ignored sustainable development in their annual reports, including Disney, Walmart, and General Electric. The SDG Commitment Report 100, to be released today (April 19) at UN headquarters in New York, is the first-ever analysis to use annual reports as the sole metric to assess corporate commitments to the UN’s 17 sustainable development goals. Analysts argue that the corporate annual report, a legally-required document, is a higher—and better—standard to judge a company’s commitment to sustainability than any voluntary corporate responsibility report. The report included the 50 largest global companies with annual reports for the year 2016 available by March 31, 2017. The other 50 companies assessed were made up of largest companies by revenue on each continent (the Americas, Europe, Africa, and Asia-Pacific); the world’s largest family-owned companies; and a number of firms on Fortune’s Most Admired Companies list—as long as they too has 2016 annual reports available for review. Analysts searched the annual reports for the presence of the 17 UN sustainable development goals, or SDGs, which are a set of moonshot targets that all 192 UN member states, including the US, have agreed to reach by 2030. They include ending poverty and hunger, reducing greenhouse gas emissions, and promoting gender equity. For example, Chinese energy company Sinopec’s annual report contained more than 30 references to alleviating poverty, more than any other company, while Tesco, the UK supermarket chain, made more than 20 references to ending hunger. A final score calculates total mentions of SDG themes. (A full list of the scores can be found at the end of this article.) American corporations scored far worse than their European counterparts in the rankings, which were developed by the Geneva-based UN Global Sustainability Index Institute. Eighty-two percent of surveyed companies made at least some mention of sustainable development themes in their 2016 annual reports; of the 18 that did not,15 are based in the US. Swedish truck manufacturer AB Volvo, Swiss pharma giant Novartis, the UK supermarket chain Sainsbury, and Germany’s Volkswagen were at the top of the list. The highest-ranked US companies were appliance-maker Whirlpool, at 31, and PepsiCo, at 40. “None of the American companies are at the top of this list,” Columbia University professor John Liu told OrbMedia. “The question is, who is going to be the first to step up?” Sustainable development is good for investors, Liu, who as former comptroller of New York, managed the city’s $152 billion employee pension fund from 2010 to 2013. “There are reports and studies that show that companies who pay attention to [environmental, social, and governance benchmarks] generally have a better track record of long-term growth,” he says. Data appear to support this view. A 2015 study in The Accounting Review found that “firms with good ratings on material sustainability issues significantly outperform firms with poor ratings on these issues.” The SDG Commitment Report rankings are part of a growing movement by investors and non-governmental organizations to push corporations into aligning their businesses with sustainability goals, through investment cash and publicity, both good and bad. Last year, for example, the $316 billion California Public Employees Retirement System began asking corporations it invests in to seat climate change experts on their boards. GE, which has a website dedicated to sustainability, declined comment on the unreleased report. Apple, Disney, Walmart, and other companies that ranked low did not return emails or calls seeking comment. Spokesmen for several other companies at the bottom of the rankings pointed to their participation in other social and environmental reporting mechanisms. US insurer Humana, one of those lowest-ranked companies, for example, publishes corporate social responsibility reports in line with the Global Reporting Initiative, a standard used by more than 5,000 companies worldwide. Aetna, also at the bottom of the rankings, is another one of the blue-chips that have separated social responsibility activities from their annual reports. But including sustainable development themes in legal documents like the annual report “makes them a matter for the whole board of directors and the CEO, and brings to them a level of attention that they would not otherwise have,” says Alfred Berkeley, a former president of the NASDAQ exchange. Unlike other publications, annual reports like the US10-K form carry the weight of a legally-binding document, says Roland Schatz, the UN Global Sustainability Index Institute’s founder. “The sustainability report of a company is not legally binding and is therefore of less relevance. It can turn into ‘greenwashing.’” The Institute plans to expand the new ranking into an index that will track more than 1,000 companies. Schatz said the rankings will help investors parse which companies are most aligned with the long-term needs of shareholders and the planet. “While a global sustainability index may be only one small element of many to meet this challenge, it is an essential one because it helps to structure the investment flows of the future,” said Joachim Faber, chairman of Deutsche Borse, the German stock exchange, in a written statement. The new rankings, however, are not a foolproof measure of a company’s bona fides. Last month Volkswagen, fourth in the SGD Commitment Report, pled guilty to criminal conspiracy for cheating US diesel emissions tests. Six executives have been charged, and it faces legal action over millions of rigged cars in Europe. Royal Dutch Shell, 20th in the new report, is mired in a $1.3 billion corruption scandal in Nigeria. Last year Shell paid £55 million (about $70 million) to Nigerian farmers and fishermen over oil spill damage after years of negotiations. “The report isn’t showing the actual behavior of any of these companies,” says Schatz. “But I prefer companies who declare they want to follow the highest standards and sign onto them every year in a way that the world can hold them accountable, as opposed to those who have legally declared nothing, like Apple.” (Apple did not respond to three emails from OrbMedia seeking comment). All 100 companies assessed, ranked: Most Popular Everywhere Indian engineers are unwanted Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Professor sues Wal-Mart for 'toilet cleaner' description Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Anna Iovine, AOL.com Apr 17th 2017 8:00AM A professor at Montana State University is suing Wal-Mart for what they wrote on his fishing license. An employee allegedly wrote Gilbert Kalonde's profession as "toilet cleaner" on the license. Kalonde is an assistant professor of technology education at MSU. According to the complaint, provided by the Bozeman Daily Chronicle, Kalonde showed his MSU ID for the license to show that he worked in the university. The Wal-Mart employee then wrote "cleans toilets" on the license. Kalonde is suing for libel, saying what happened exposed him to "hatred, contempt, ridicule or obloquy." The suit said, "In [Kalonde's] home country of Zambia, the people that do this work are the lowest social class, and are shunned and avoided by society." Wal-Mart spokesman, Ragan Dickens, told The Associated Press: "To our knowledge an administrative process to resolve this with Dr. Kalonde is ongoing. We've not been served with the lawsuit, but we take the claims seriously and will respond appropriately with the court." See the most popular grocery stores by state 52 PHOTOS The most popular grocery store in every state See Gallery The most popular grocery store in every state ALABAMA: Publix  Photo credit: Getty ALASKA: Safeway  Photo credit: Reuters  ARIZONA: FrysFoodStores  Photo credit: Getty ARKANSAS: Harps Food Stores Photo credit: Getty CALIFORNIA: Trader Joe's Photo credit: Getty COLORADO: King Soopers Photo credit: Getty CONNECTICUT: Whole Foods Market  Photo credit: Reuters  DELAWARE: Food Lion Grocery Store  Photo credit: Getty WASHINGTON, D.C.: Whole Foods Market Photo credit: Getty FLORIDA: Publix  Photo credit: Getty GEORGIA: Publix  Photo credit: Getty HAWAII: Safeway  Photo credit: Getty IDAHO: Albertsons Photo credit: Getty ILLINOIS: Jewel  Photo credit: Getty INDIANA: Kroger  Photo credit: Getty IOWA: Hy-Vee  Photo credit: Getty  KANSAS: Hy-Vee Photo credit: Getty KENTUCKY: Kroger  Photo credit: Getty LOUISIANA: Rouses Markets  Photo credit: Getty MAINE: Shaw's  Photo credit: Getty MARYLAND: Safeway  Photo credit: Getty MASSACHUSETTS: Whole Foods Market  Photo credit: Reuters  MICHIGAN: Kroger  Photo credit: Getty MINNESOTA: Cub Foods  Photo credit: Reuters  MISSISSIPPI: Kroger  Photo credit: Getty  MISSOURI: Hy-Vee  Photo credit: Getty MONTANA: Albertsons Photo credit: Getty NEBRASKA: Hy-Vee Photo credit: Getty NEVADA: Albertsons Photo credit: Getty NEW HAMPSHIRE: Shaw's  Photo credit: Getty NEW HAMPSHIRE: Shaw's  Photo credit: Getty NEW MEXICO: Albertsons Photo credit: Getty NEW YORK: Whole Foods Market Photo credit: Getty NORTH CAROLINA: Food Lion Grocery Store Photo credit: Getty NORTH DAKOTA: Hombacher's Photo credit: AOL OHIO: Kroger  Photo credit: Getty  OKLAHOMA: Homeland Stores Photo credit: Getty OREGON: Safeway  Photo credit: Getty PENNSYLVANIA: Wegmans Food Markets Photo credit: Getty RHODE ISLAND: Shaw's Photo credit: Shutterstock SOUTH CAROLINA Photo credit: Getty SOUTH DAKOTA: Hy-Vee  Photo credit: Getty TENNESSEE: Publix Photo credit: Getty TEXAS: H-E-B  Photo credit: Getty UTAH: Smith's Photo credit: Getty VERMONT: Shaw's  Photo credit: Getty VIRGINIA: Food Lion Grocery Store  Photo credit: Getty WASHINGTON: Safeway Photo credit: Reuters  WEST VIRGINIA: Food Lion Grocery Store Photo credit: Getty WISCONSIN: Pick 'n Save  Photo credit: Getty WYOMING: Albertsons Photo credit: Getty Up Next See Gallery Discover More Like This HIDE CAPTION SHOW CAPTION of SEE ALL BACK TO SLIDE More from AOL.com: Wal-Mart stores Inc cutting prices, jobs to compete with Amazon.com Wal-Mart has a new kind of discount -- and it's impossible for Amazon to beat Wal-Mart is reportedly about to buy the hottest men's clothing brand Tags business companies finance Walmart Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners This Tiny Little Creature Spent Five Days Burying An Entire Cow - And Scientists Have No 13 People Recount Their First Kiss Horror Stories Man Finds 5 Abandoned 'Puppies' In His Garden - Then Quickly Realizes He Made A Big The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months Pay no interest until June 2018 with this card The highest paying cash back card is here Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Veterans could receive up to $42,000 with these VA benefits Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months Owe less than $300k on your home? Don't miss this unique opportunity How to pay down your home in half the time (If you owe less than $625k) Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Earn 10x the national average in your savings account Investment Accounts For Any Type of Investor Interest rates on the rise! Put your money in a new CD account today 17 most common job interview mistakes you must avoid to get a new job 11 ways you’re being ripped off at the pharmacy 15 sanctuary cities trump could punish the most Tennis Match Halted by Very Loud Sex This Man Will Be One of Central Europe's Last Hermits 10 Vehicles Most Likely to Hit 200K Miles Recommended For You 1 'Undocumented' immigrants pay billions in taxes 2 No one is getting fired over passenger dragging incident, says United CEO 3 Sephora's bi-annual VIB sale has officially begun 4 Under Armour made a fatal error that will take 'years' to fix 5 Here are all the places you can score free food on tax day 6 The retail apocalypse is creating a 'rolling crisis' that is rippling through the ... 7 Wal-Mart is reportedly about to buy the hottest men's clothing brand 8 McDonald's is about to beat Burger King and Wendy's in one crucial way Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,338.17-4.02-0.17% DJIA20,404.49-118.79-0.58% NASDAQ5,863.0313.560.23% DAX12,016.4516.010.13% NIKKEI 22518,430.49-1.71-0.01% HANG SENG23,918.8692.980.39% USD (per EUR)1.070.000.28% USD (per CHF)1.000.00-0.23% JPY (per USD)108.77-0.06-0.06% GBP (per USD)1.280.010.40% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Snapchat denies its CEO labeled India as 'poor'CNNMoney Stocks: 6 things to know before the bellCNNMoney Chinese firm ups bid for U.S. transfer serviceCNNMoney China's economy picks up steamCNNMoney 'Fate of the Furious' races to biggest global openingCNNMoney It's really dangerous to cross a street hereCNNMoney New 'Furious' film heads for biggest global opening everCNNMoney How United could have avoided this fiascoCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Thu, Apr 20 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc.
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home #GST #NPA #YogiAdityanath Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements #ProsperityHub #EarningsSpecial News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessMarkets business Apr 19, 2017 01:04 PM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com Why top MFs invested over Rs 1,000 cr in D-Mart operator Avenue Supermarts Investors with a 2-3 years horizon should consider investment in the stock on corrections of up to 100-150 points. Kshitij Anand Moneycontrol News The listing of Avenue Supermarts, the parent of retailer D-Mart, last month created only history since the time it got listed on the bourses last month. The stock more than doubled investors’ wealth on the listing day itself. The stock, which saw huge interest from retail investors, became one of the top stocks which was added by almost 15 asset management companies (AMCs) in their portfolio in the month of March with a market value of Rs 1,000 crore. HDFC Asset Management Company picked up 88 lakh shares amounting to over Rs 500 crore, followed by ICICI Prudential Asset Management Company which bought 33 lakh shares amounting to Rs 212 crore, according to data compiled by IDBI Capital. Avenue Supermarts, which is known for running D-Mart supermarket chains is known as the most profitable store in India. ASL has a successful business model of Greenfield stores where the land is purchased by the company where they construct their own stores. The company also follows cluster base approach where they open stores in states like Maharashtra and Gujarat and intends to open in the states of Andhra Pradesh, Telangana, Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, Chhattisgarh, Tamil Nadu and northern India. “D-Mart is the most profitable retail chain in India and also possesses huge competition to its peers nationally,” Foram Parekh, Research analyst, Bonanza Portfolio Ltd told moneycontrol. ASL has consistently posted a double-digit return on equity (ROE) whereby in FY16 it posted a highest ROE of 23.4 percent compared to Wal-Mart’s ROE of 18.15 percent in CY16 and far ahead of its other global peers. It is justified for Avenue Supermart to enjoy premium valuations given the longevity of the business is intact, but it leaves little room for margin of error, say experts. While Avenue Supermarts is on a stronger growth trajectory vis-à-vis its global counterparts like WalMart (-5 percent PAT CAGR over last 5-years) or Costco (4 percent PAT CAGR over last 5-years), D-Mart’s valuation at 50x FY19E earnings already reflects the same and is at a substantial premium to its global peers (15-30x). “The valuation of Avenue Supermart at over 50x FY19E, despite factoring in a 35-40 percent growth in Net Profit over the next couple of years, clearly leaves little scope for margin of error for the company in terms of delivering growth,” Hitesh Agrawal, EVP & Head – Retail Research, Religare Securities Ltd told moneycontrol. “The street has built in huge expectations, which is reflected in the rich valuations that the stock currently commands. D-Mart is a good proxy play on India’s strong consumption theme,” he said. What should investors do?  Investors with a 2-3 years horizon should consider investment in the stock on corrections of up to 100-150 points. The stock is trading near unprecedented valuation and investors should be very cautious at these levels, particularly those who entered at very high levels. “Investors who entered at IPO stage should remain invested as the quality of this stock is really high and the growth story is likely to continue. However those invested at overstretched levels should watch cautiously,” Prakarsh Gagdani, CEO, 5Paisa.com, (an IIFL subsidiary) told Moneycontrol.com. If an investor has a short-term view, then the stock movement could be quite volatile depending upon the movement in the broader market, as there is little by way of valuation comfort, which can provide a cushion to the stock, suggest experts. “From a 2-3 years perspective, and considering the growth prospects of the company, the stock can be accumulated on corrections in one’s medium-to-long-term portfolios, considering that D-Mart is a good proxy play on India’s strong consumption theme,” said Agrawal. Although D-Mart being one of the most profitable stores in India and commands one of the highest profitability ratios in the world, analysts’ feel the stock at the current market price has priced in all the positive factors of continuous high growth, geographical expansion, scalability and sustainability of the business. “We feel D-Mart will continue to outperform the industry at whole in terms of margins and profitability due to its unique business model of owning its properties and cluster-based approach, but we feel at current MCAP of Rs 50k crore the stock has priced in multi-year growth story and might not give attractive returns from CMP,” said Parekh of Bonanza Portfolio Ltd. The stock has rallied over 100 percent in a span of less than a month, which has been the fastest rally in the history; hence, a correction could be due on the cards, as the 30-day lock-in period for anchor investors ended on April 17. “We feel long-term investors should book partial profits and short-term investors should look to completely exit the stock and should avoid buying at CMP and should wait for healthy correction of 100-150 points for valuations to look attractive,” added Parekh of Bonanza. tags #DMart #IPO #listing #Market Edge Related news Business Wondering where to invest? These five sectors are likely to make money in 2017 Apr 20, 2017 08:21 AM Business Tech View: Nifty forms a 'hammer' like pattern on charts; 9,133 important for bulls Apr 19, 2017 06:01 PM Business S Chand sets IPO price band at Rs 660–670 Apr 19, 2017 03:18 PM Business Why top MFs invested over Rs 1,000 cr in D-Mart operator Avenue Supermarts Apr 19, 2017 01:04 PM Business Wealth creators! 160 companies in which FIIs raise stake rose up to 70% in Q4FY17 Apr 19, 2017 10:56 AM Business Tech View: Nifty forms a bearish candle; strong support placed at 9,020 Apr 18, 2017 04:58 PM Business What’s cooking in little-known Parnax Lab? Apr 18, 2017 12:38 PM Business Capacit'e Infraprojects files Rs 400 cr IPO papers with Sebi Apr 18, 2017 10:30 AM Business The King of D-Street: Reliance surpasses TCS' market cap in intraday trade Apr 18, 2017 10:27 AM News Most Popular Top News A 3-step guide to linking your Aadhaar and PAN card If you have Rs 1 million to spare, here are 5 portfolio options to generate wealth Liquor baron Vijay Mallya granted bail after brief arrest in London Babri Masjid demolition case: SC rules LK Advani, MM Joshi, Uma Bharti will stand trial Do not hesitate to buy on dips; 5 stocks which can give up to 20% return Market Live: Sensex extends gains; Bank Nifty under strain IndusInd and Yes: Where should investors put their money after the disappointment? Wondering where to invest? These five sectors are likely to make money in 2017 see more Video of the day Fireworks unlikely on earnings front; like private retail financials: Kotak Mutual Fund Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited.
Home Local Police Log State Sports Broadcast Calendar Obituaries Community Community Calendar Shows Talk of the Town The Swap Shop Dave Ramsey Show Rush Limbaugh Show The Dana Show Hugh Hewitt Show Jim Bohannon Show Coast To Coast AM More 'Shows' Contests Contest Rules Weather Listen Live Connect WBIW on Facebook WBIW on Twitter Call 812.277.1340 Text 812.641.1340 Feedback Form Advertise See news happening around you? Let us know about it! Office/Sales: 812.275.7555 / Studio: 812.277.1340 / tips@wbiw.com News Sections Local Police Log State Sports Obituaries Community Calendar Weather Shows The Swap Shop Talk of the Town Audio Listen Live Connect Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Advertise with WBIW WBIW » News » local Bedford Man Arrested After Body Slamming Male In Walmart Parking Lot Updated April 19, 2017 7:23 AM | Filed under: Crime  Print    Archive    RSS (BEDFORD) - A Bedford man was arrested Saturday at Walmart after he allegedly injured another man during a fight in the parking lot. Police arrested 22-year-old Landon Cooper of Bedford on a felony charge of battery causing serious bodily injury. According to Lawrence County Chief Deputy Aaron Shoults, an on duty officer was driving near the front entrance of the store when he saw a group of people and one male lying on the ground. "One of those people informed the officer that a S-10 pickup that was driving away was involved in an altercation with the person on the ground," Chief Deputy Shoults says. "The officer stopped the truck in the parking lot and found Cooper was a passenger in that vehicle." Police determined that the male victim had been battered by Cooper after Cooper confronted him about alleged statements the victim may have made about Cooper. "The victim suffered an injury to his lip and complained of back pain after being "body slammed" by Mr. Cooper," Chief Deputy Shoults says. "The victim was taken to IU Health Hospital for treatment and Mr. Cooper was arrested." Tweet « Previous Article Next Article »  Print    Archive    RSS Have a question or comment about a news story? Send it to comments@wbiw.com Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW Advertise with 1340 AM WBIW 1340 AM WBIW, Bedford's Place To Talk. Serving Lawrence and surrounding counties since 1948! © 2017 Ad-Venture Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved.   WBIW.com and Listen Live Powered by HPC Advertise  |  Careers  |  About  |  Feedback Proud affiliate of the Colts
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Deals Clearance Toys at Walmart: Over 2,000 toys + free shipping w/ $35 Clearance Toys at Walmart: Over 2,000 toys + free shipping w/ $35 Published: 1 day ago / Buy Now $15 Buy Now Walmart discounts a selection of over 2,000 toys marked as Clearance, Rollback, and Special Buy items, with prices starting at $1.49. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping charge, or spend $35 or more to receive free shipping. Shop a variety of discounted brands, including Disney, Fisher-Price, LEGO, Hot Wheels, and My Little Pony. A couple of best bets, both available for pickup: My Password Journal for $14.39 (same at Amazon & Target, low by $2) Paw Patrol 2-Wheel Folding Kick Scooter for $14.94 (pictured, low by $13) facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL Crayola Paint Maker for $8 + $6 s&h Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box for $32 + pickup at Walmart Crazon 1/32 Mini Pocket 20KM/h RC Racing Car for $19 + free shipping LEGO Iconic Minifigure Carry Case for $8 + $5 s&h Popular deals SoundPEATS P3 Element-Proof Super Bluetooth Speaker w/ 10-Hour Playtime Beauty Sale at Nordstrom: Up to 50% off + free shipping Denon AVR-S510 5.2 A/V Bluetooth Receiver - $279.99 Cuisinart Vertical Waffle Maker for $48 + free shipping Hasbro Toys and Games at eBay from $1 + free shipping w/ $15 Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Centerville chase ends with Ford ramming into police cars Published: April 18, 2017 11:35 p.m. Updated: yesterday 3 Comments View 1 Item Davis County Jail Timothy Dean Johnson, 22 FARMINGTON—A 22-year-old man was booked into jail after police say he led officers on a chase that began when he tried to forge a check in Wal-Mart and ended when he rammed a battered Ford into patrol cars on a dead-end road near Lagoon Amusement Park Tuesday afternoon. According to Centerville police, Timothy Dean Johnson was booked into Davis County Jail Tuesday evening for investigation of a mix of felonies and misdemeanors, including: issuing a bad check, failing to respond to officers signaling him to stop, assault against a police officer, theft, reckless driving, interfering with an arresting officer, failing to remain at the scene of an accident and receiving a stolen vehicle. Officers received a call reporting forgery from a credit union inside Wal-Mart in Centerville about 3:30 p.m. An officer spotted the truck driving northbound on I-15 about 20 minutes later and tried to make a traffic stop, but the truck sped away in the emergency lane, according to a Centerville police statement. Police spotted the vehicle again in a Farmington neighborhood about a half hour later, the statement said. They walked to the vehicle and told the driver to get out, but he drove off, hitting a car parked nearby and turning down a dead-end road near Lagoon. Officers blocked him in with their cars. He rammed into one of the patrol vehicles head-on, turned onto Main Street and kept going, police said. Once he turned onto Shepard Creek Parkway Drive in Farmington, he lost control of the truck, hitting a mailbox, crossing the median and crashing into a parked car. Police vehicles successfully boxed him in. Officers took him into custody. "Chases always involve a certain degree of risk," said Centerville Police Sgt. Zan Robison. "Any time we can minimize the risk and take somebody into custody with no injuries is a plus." Police say the truck was stolen and so were its plates. Like that? Read this. Utah 6 hours ago Daggett County jail commander resigns, two correction officers fired amid investigations into misconduct Utah 7 hours ago Notable Utah immigrants awarded for their pioneering spirits, community contributions Sponsored by End Text Wrecks 5 best road trips to take as the weather warms up The PopuList 1 New middle school mystery novel by Utah author is criminally good 2 BYU Easter Conference celebrates the "majesty and mission" of Christ at Eastertime 3 Police searching for woman in Salt Lake County bank robbing spree 4 Inside the newsroom: Building trust and overcoming betrayal in 2017 5 Photos: Blind children hunt for chirping Easter eggs View all for Utah most Commented 92 Chaffetz says he won't seek re-election but his plans remain unclear 63 Utahns join thousands across U.S. in call for Trump to release tax returns 59 Huntsman Sr. blasts the U. for firing of Cancer Institute director, says there is 'no excuse' for it 49 Safety concerns raised after judge’s controversial statement 48 Stewart says US can't take military action against North Korea off the table 35 Trump's war with the media is 'darker' than you think, new study from BYU and U. professors says 31 'Shocking' contracts for 2 ex-UTA execs valued at $1.1M each 25 Utah bride and groom got kicked off United flight on the way to Costa Rica Thursday, April, 20, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Crime-courts Police arrest suspect in Walmart attempted robbery at Travis main gate By Ian Thompson From page A10 | April 19, 2017 ShareTweet ShareTweet SUISUN CITY — Police arrested an active-duty Navy man Tuesday who is suspected of trying to rob the city’s Walmart money center Monday afternoon. Ellis Bradley, 25, was arrested at Travis Air Force Base’s main gate after police got information that he was at the base. Security forces located and detained him at his vehicle the main gate until Suisun police could arrive to take him into custody. Bradley was booked on suspicion of attempted armed robbery, carrying a firearm in commission of a felony, carrying a concealed weapon in a vehicle, use of a personal firearm and carrying a firearm while not the owner, according to Solano County jail records. His bail was set at $88,333. Police suspect that Bradley entered the Suisun City Walmart at about 1 p.m. Monday and went to the money center, where he passed the teller a note indicating he had a firearm and demanded money, according to police. The suspect exposed his waistband and displayed a firearm. The teller was unable to unlock the drawer and Bradley left. Around the same time Bradley was in the store, a police officer was flagged down by a person who pointed out a suspicious vehicle in the parking lot. The officer waited near the vehicle until the owner walked to it. That turned out to be Bradley, who also identified himself as an active-duty member of the Navy. After identifying the man and the vehicle, the officer concluded the contact. Walmart officials called the police about 13 minutes later and reported the attempted robbery. Officers responded, reviewed video surveillance footage and recognized the suspect as Bradley. Based upon identifying information they obtained on that contact, officers began the hunt for Bradley. That hunt ended at Travis Air Force Base. After Bradley’s arrest, police said a search of his car and a Brookside Drive residence uncovered a loaded firearm along with items that allegedly link Bradley to the attempted robbery at Walmart. Anyone with additional information about the case is asked to call Suisun City Police Department Investigations at 421-7361. Information can be reported anonymously to Solano CrimeStoppers at 644-7867. Reach Ian Thompson at 427-6976 or [email protected] . Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ithompsondr. ShareTweet ShareTweet Ian Thompson Ian Thompson has worked for the Daily Republic longer than he cares to remember. A native of Oregon and a graduate of the University of Oregon, he pines for the motherland still. He covers Vacaville and Travis Air Force Base for the Daily Republic. He is an avid military history buff, wargamer and loves the great outdoors. Story Archive @ithompsondr on Twitter Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | 8 comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Bye Bye Military CareerApril 19, 2017 - 12:14 am We don't need people like this in the military.Reply Report abusive comment Just sayinApril 19, 2017 - 4:56 am What a Bafoon.Reply Report abusive comment Basics MatterApril 19, 2017 - 8:19 am What was so important that Walmart did not immediately call the police? Who failed to protect shoppers by allowing someone with a gun to be free in the parking lot while "walmart" sat around bs-ing rather than immediately phoning the police? Someone(s) need to lose their job(s). ""Walmart officials called the police about 13 minutes later and reported the attempted robbery."" Walmart put it's shoppers & employees in harm's way. The perp was armed with a loaded weapon. How easy it would have been for the police officer to be a sad statistic this morning. National Office needs to be notified.Reply Report abusive comment Sycamore CharlieApril 19, 2017 - 8:38 am Had to be Sycamore CharlieReply Report abusive comment ssApril 19, 2017 - 9:36 am Sycamore Charlie please get rid of these people you can do itReply Report abusive comment He Was A Military CopApril 19, 2017 - 3:53 pm Gee what was his job in the military? Why is it that I smell "military cop" in all of this??. Somebody find out what his rating "was"...past tense!....Now a bunch of NCIS and OSI goons will be hanging out down at the county and vice versa in a belated effort to "solve the case"....LOL....go look in the mirror cop!Reply Report abusive comment BreApril 19, 2017 - 11:42 pm He was in gps/navReply Report abusive comment Bradley AndersonApril 19, 2017 - 9:50 pm Timing is Everything, to a Keystone Kop.Reply Report abusive comment Search Recent Articles Stars and Stripes 04-20-17 Today’s Print Edition Flores’ single leads Salt Lake to 7-4 win over Sacramento Warriors take 2-0 series lead on Blazers, win without Durant Prep swimming: Rodriguez sweeps Armijo in the pool to wrap MEL duals season Prep baseball: Ortega outing helps give Fairfield win over AC Prep softball: Alemania hits three-run homer, Mustangs fall to Wood Weather for Thursday, April 20, 2017 3 Kansas universities will ban guns at large sporting events Trump congratulates Patriots, doesn’t mention Hernandez ABAG to take up staff ‘merger’ with MTC Pipeline for Measure AA projects expected to open in fall Rio Vista names new police chief Fundraiser benefits Vacaville man waiting for new kidney, heart Travis, Solano County host heath fair at Mission Solano Court records paint picture of botched Fairfield robbery attempt Rodriguez’s Montgomery signs letter of intent to Midland for soccer Jurors find Fairfield man guilty of assault with deadly weapon Judge delays decision on whether Fairfield teen’s case should be heard in adult court Judge dismisses gun possession charge against Fairfield teen Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Stars and Stripes 04-20-17 Home Seller 04-15-2017 Stars and Stripes 04-13-2017 American Home Week 2017 Coupons and More 04-02-2017 Discover Solano Spring/Summer 2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 19 April 2017 | MYT 8:30 AM Robots may help build your next home and fill the labour gap US homebuilders are turning to automation and robots to deal with the acute labour shortage. — AFP The future of US homebuilding depends on more people like Cyndicy Yarborough, a 26-year-old former Wal-Mart clerk with no background in construction.  At Blueprint Robotics in Baltimore, she works in a factory that builds houses like cars, on an assembly line, using robots that fire thousands of nails into studs each day and never miss. Yarborough operates a machine that lifts floors and walls and packs them onto a flatbed truck, the final step before delivery to a development site where they’ll be pieced together.  “I like being a part of something new, on the cutting edge,” said Yarborough, a single mother who took the job at Blueprint last May.  For all the concern over automation removing jobs from the workforce, companies like Blueprint are actually helping to ease a labour shortage that has crimped construction of residences and commercial properties across the country. The plants enable developers to fill the gap by having houses and apartment buildings manufactured off-site, for less money and in a fraction of the time. Even Marriott International Inc, the world’s biggest hotel operator, is increasingly turning to modular construction for some of its properties.  Giant Legos  To meet growing demand, high-tech plants are opening, and older factories that were shuttered after the last decade’s real estate crash – many in areas such as rural Pennsylvania, where labour costs are cheap – are being revived. Builders hire the factories to manufacture homes in sections, which are transported on trucks, then laid down on foundations by cranes, like giant Legos. Sometimes the modules are fully framed rooms, complete with tile showers and gourmet kitchens.  “This has to be the wave of the future – I don’t know how we solve the labor shortage otherwise,” said John Burns, an Irvine, California-based homebuilding consultant. “What drives modular construction is the ability to build the house more cost-effectively.”  US homebuilders say the labour crunch is their biggest challenge, and that it’s pushing costs up as much as 5.2% on average over 12 months, according to National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo surveys last year. President Donald Trump’s proposals to crack down on undocumented workers may further squeeze the industry, one heavily dependent on immigrant labor.  Confidence among US homebuilders cooled in April after jumping a month earlier to the highest level since mid-2005, according to data released Monday by the National Association of Home Builders and Wells Fargo.  The idea of transporting homes in prefabricated sections has roots in the early 1900s, when homesteaders could buy kits from a Sears, Roebuck & Co catalogue for assembly on their newly acquired plots of land. In the 1980s and 1990s, it became increasingly popular to build lower-cost homes in factories, according to Gary Fleisher, who runs a blog for the industry called Modularhomecoach.com.  Mansions, dorms  Today’s plants are capable of producing bigger buildings with more elaborate designs. The Blueprint factory in Baltimore is one of the first in the US to use robots, Fleisher said. Taller multifamily buildings, dorms and hotels are increasingly being manufactured indoors. And so are mansions that sell for millions.  “Some builders won’t even advertise they work with modular companies like us,” said Myles Biggs, general manager of Ritz-Craft Corp’s Pennsylvania construction facility. “You could be driving past a modular home and not even know it, because it looks just like one next door.”  Ritz-Craft can deliver a single-family house in six to eight weeks, on average. Having an indoor facility means weather delays are rarely a factor. Each worker is given a narrow concentration, like tiling floors or sanding drywall, which increases production speed. People without any background in construction can become skilled laborers in two weeks, according to Biggs.  Marriott’s plans  The idea is catching on with Marriott, which aims to have agreements with North American developers this year to produce about 50 of its Select branded hotels in factories, said Karim Khalifa, senior vice president of global design strategies. In December, Marriott opened a Fairfield Inn in Folsom, California, with 97 rooms – all built at a Guerdon Enterprises LLC plant in Boise, Idaho.  Last month, a collection of Marriott hotel rooms was getting wood-framed walls and ceilings at a Champion Homes factory in Liverpool, Pennsylvania. Even the beds and televisions will be in place before the boxes are shipped through stretches of highway and stacked in Chapel Hill, North Carolina, next month.  “What we like is how well modular is built,” Khalifa said. “These things have all been designed to be transported. They have the integrity of a shipping container.”  Apartment developers, too, are increasingly going with modular construction, especially in fast-growing cities such as Denver and Nashville, Tennessee, said Rich Rozycki, head of Champion Homes’ commercial division, which has seen its pipeline grow 50 percent since 2014. The company also has had discussions with national homebuilders looking for a solution to their labor problems, he said.  Cheaper labour  Labor costs are more favorable for factory construction, according to David Reed, vice president of Champion’s modular division. Workers make about US$15 (RM66) to US$20 (RM88) an hour in rural Pennsylvania. That compares with US$50 (RM220) to US$100 (RM440) an hour in the markets the manufacturers serve, like New York’s Hudson Valley, and the Washington, D.C., area, Reed said.  Builder Kris Megna works with Champion to create houses as large as 10,000 square feet (930 square meters) in the pricey suburbs of Boston. Megna, 31, who founded Dreamline Modular Homes in 2010, said almost any custom design is possible, even though the modules can’t be much bigger than 60 feet by 16 feet (18 meters by 5 meters). Walls between sections can be knocked down for open-concept kitchens, and cutouts can create vaulted ceilings, he said.  “The house is 60% complete when it arrives, and that means 60% of the headaches of building are gone,” Megna said.  Industry stigma  For less-expensive homes with smaller margins for developers, transportation costs can eat up the savings of going modular. Federal restrictions also limit the size of each box, or section of home being moved, which can mean more on-site construction. There’s also the stigma, modular manufacturers say, that connects them to the industry’s oldest relative.  “Often when we exhibit a model home at trade shows, I will hear comments like 'This is nice for a trailer,’” said Biggs of Ritz-Craft. “Our homes are far from it, and in many ways higher-quality than those built on site.”  There doesn’t seem to be any stigma for customers of Connecticut Valley Homes, a builder that assembles factory-made components on lots in New England, including near the stately mansions of Greenwich. The East Lyme-based firm is “booming at moment,” with deposits for 42 houses, up about 50% from the same time last year, said Dave Cooper, senior building consultant. The company built only eight homes in 2011, when the housing market was hitting bottom.  “Coming out of the recession, the labour pool is just lacking,” Cooper said. “Kids are not going to construction trade school any more – they’re all playing on their computers.”  Blueprint’s robots  That isn’t necessarily a problem for Jerry Smalley, chief executive officer of Blueprint, the Baltimore factory. He’s even taking well-trained electricians and plumbers with decades of experience and putting them in front of computer screens. The company’s German-made robots are more precise than humans could ever be, using techniques that Western Europeans have employed for years, according to Smalley.  “Robots cut the hole,” he said. “But somebody still has to put the electrical box and pipes in the right places.”  Instead of displacing workers – a usual side effect of automation – Blueprint’s machines are creating opportunities for people like Yarborough, who wouldn’t otherwise be a part of the homebuilding industry. On the factory floors, 29 production workers are operating machines that cut, sand, drill and insulate. A milling centre with several different options for blades, caged in safety glass, gets to work after an employee – no hard hat needed – uploads a file that tells it exactly what to do.  Yarborough said she’s not interested in learning more about traditional construction. Before joining Blueprint, she took a free, six-month course on computer numerical control machines, available only to unemployed or low-income adults.  “I’m more interested in the engineering side,” she said, adding that she’d like to be a part of the team that generates the design maps used by robots on the factory floor. “I want to end up upstairs.” — Bloomberg Related Stories You May Be Interested China's ZTE appoints US head Cheng as new mobile business chief Taxing the new economy, starting with Uber, Lyft eBay’s second-quarter profit forecast falls short of estimates Alphabet's Verily unit launches study to track health data How to own your first home with zero down payment Pedalling to save the planet Others Also Read Discovering Asia’s Las Vegas A place with personality Penang Gerakan urges Zairil, Dyana to lodge report over 'fake' photos advertisement Latest News Amazon rolls out chatbot tools in race to dominate voice-powered tech Shared office space company WeWork starts facilities management service Cyberattack hits 1,200 InterContinental hotels in US Amazon says it is bringing retail shopfront service to Australia Facebook gives peek inside unit studying brain-to-text technology Most Viewed in Tech The original Starcraft now available as free download Bose headphones spy on listeners: lawsuit Could 18:9 displays become the new smartphone standard? Cyberattack hits 1,200 InterContinental hotels in US The life of an Apple supplier is getting even tougher Tencent’s WeChat abolishes tipping feature on Apple iPhones Amazon says it is bringing retail shopfront service to Australia Facebook gives peek inside unit studying brain-to-text technology Shared office space company WeWork starts facilities management service Taxing the new economy, starting with Uber, Lyft Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » P$G, Future Group join hands to crack Indian retail puzzle Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone P&G, Future Group join hands to crack Indian retail puzzleSagar Malviya The two companies have met nearly four times over the year in India and the global HQs of P&G at Cincinnati to take their association beyond the retailer-client relationship. In India, Future Group has the widest network with around 13 million square feet of retail space in 221 cities. | ET Bureau | Updated: Apr 19, 2017, 08.46 AM IST This will allow P&G to bring newer brands and categories into India which can be incubated in modern stores th... Read More MUMBAI: Procter & Gamble (P&G), the world's biggest consumer goods company, has tied up with Future Group for joint sales forecasting and planning, exclusive product releases and the companies will embed officials from each at the headquarters and be part of supplychain initiatives. The two companies have met nearly four times over the year in India and the global headquarters of P&G at Cincinnati to take their association beyond the retailer-client relationship. P&G's global CEO David Taylor is currently in India for the MoU, which will be akin to the one it has with Walmart in the US. ET first reported on their likely alliance last year in October. "It will help us to grow sales and for P&G, it will lead to an increased market share. There will be collaboration in a lot of things including supply chain, planning strategies and managing shelf space," said Kishore Biyani, founder of Future Group, which is the country's laryer gest retail firm. Globally, P&G sells about 14% of its annual sales or nearly $10 billion worth of consumer goods through Walmart. In India, Future Group has the widest network with around 13 million square feet of retail space in 221 cities through a 800-strong store network of supermarket brands such as Big Bazaar, EasyDay and Nilgiris. Future Group is also a large buyer from big clients operating in India including Hindustan Unilever and Nestle. However, Biyani asserts "Rest are transactional relationships but this is a strategic one." P&G's three entities in India, which sell products ranging from detergents and shampoo to razors and sanitary napkins, have a combined revenue of under $2 billion, less than 3% of its overall global sales. The business pales in comparison with Unilever's at nearly thrice as big in the country with products across price points. "It is standard practice for us to engage with our partners across the retail landscape including all our partners in modern retail, e-commerce and traditional retail to develop unique plans that create superior value for the shopper," said aP&G spokesperson. Unlike the Indian unit of Anglo-Dutch rival, P&G has been more focused on premium products that generate high sales at modern trade outlets in contrast to its rivals' route of stocking several mass brands on retail shelves. Experts said they can align their needs with that of a retailer. "This will allow P&G to bring newer brands and categories into India which can be incubated in modern stores through our stores," said Devendra Chawla, group president of FMCG and brands at Future Group. P&G has invested Rs 2,000 crore in India in the past four years, mainly to set up manufacturing units to reduce dependence on pricier imports. At present, it has seven manufacturing facilities in six states, accounting for more than 90% of its products sold in the subcontinent. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Big Data. Big Opportunities. Find Your Context One Family, One Pose, 22 Years In A Row The Brofessional The World’s Richest Actresses Ranked By Their Net Worth MommyThing More from The Times of India Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle Kapil's alleged ex goes off twitter From the Web More From The Times of India New Jersey Landlines Get Replaced (But Not With Cell Phones)Consumer Daily Ads All you need is love (and these shoes)Clarks Ideas for Great Date Nights All Year Round in ConnecticutConnecticut Tourism The Site All Women Just Love, See WhyTophatter 9 Things That Make Some People Ideal CEOs and Some NotRussell Reynolds Search Firm Hero Cycles gets new identity - Hero Motors ‘MSU’s hold on 30,000 sq ft land illegal’ Noida: 6 dead after fire breaks out in electronics factory Watch: 4-day Tibetan Opera Festival kicks off in Dehradun Reconvene House without any delay, demands DMK ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Jeweller gets 2-year jail term for hiding his Swiss bank account Vijay Mallya arrested in London, gets bail IPL 2017: RCB’s Chris Gayle first to 10,000 runs in T20 cricket 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. Ad: TheFinancialWord.com RIL overtakes TCS, becomes the most valued company Shares of Reliance Industries rallied for a fifth straight trading session to hit the Rs 1,400 mark for the first time since May 2008 and become India's most valuable company in terms of market capitalisation (m-cap) in intra-day trade. IMF boosts global economic forecast for 2017 The International Monetary Fund offered a sunnier outlook for the global economy in 2017, predicting growth of 3.5 percent this year. Still, the IMF warned the world economy still "faces headwinds" and warns against protectionism. From around the Web What Could Be Causing Your ED? WebMD 3 Ways to Clean Like a Pro This Spring Pro Construction Guide | The Home Depot She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country Livingly The Cost of Shadow IT: More Than You Know Mitel More From The Times of India Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister Show sporting spirit in real life also: SC to Paes Read MorewalmartProcter & GambleIndian retail marketHindustan UniLeverFuture group Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Tata Steel plans $663 mn payout for one-time UK pension settlement under new scheme Myntra acqui-hires logistics co After Flipkart, SoftBank eyes a stake in Paytm Dirty Tanker Fixtures - April 18 1P&G, Future Group join hands to crack Indian retail puzzle 2Tata Steel plans $663 mn payout for one-time UK pension settlement under new scheme 3Myntra acqui-hires logistics co 4After Flipkart, SoftBank eyes a stake in Paytm 5Dirty Tanker Fixtures - April 18 Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Vijay Mallya arrested TTV Dinakaran WWE Raw Results Vijay Mallya  Pannerselvam RCB vs DD RCB vs GL Live Score Yogi Adityanath AIADMK News Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web MCD Election 2017 DD vs RPS Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Mollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Pune Accident IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Narada case AIADMK Sunny Leone Photos xXx Bahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Circulars Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscriber Services Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search weather unavailableweather unavailable Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Mass Transit Coming soon to the area around the University of South Florida: new Teslas to ferry people to and from bus stops US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News South Koreans feeling cheated after U.S. carrier miscue Heading home or on a new job: Fresno victims shot at random At the Houdini Museum, in Scranton, Pa., indulge in a different kind of escape Man who attacks Tampa police officer gets clotheslined by taxi driver as bystanders rush to help Here's how McDonald's workers helped lead police to Facebook killer Steve Stephens News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup VIDEO: Sen. Frank Artiles apologizes on Senate floor for racial slur, profanity Top News Tom Brady wasn't the only member of the New England Patriots to skip the White House visit Runoff in Georgia House race could test Trump, opposition It's up to Rick Scott now: Should local governments be allowed to regulate Uber? Why a solution to North Korea's nuclear threat has proved so elusive Legislative complaint seeks to expel Miami lawmaker from Senate over 'racist rant' Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Spring Training Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More The Heater Rays rally for walkoff win vs. Tigers (w/video) Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Rays rally for walkoff win vs. Tigers (w/video) The final fall of ex-Gator, Patriot Aaron Hernandez Jones: Gear up for the Bucs' soap opera with shoulder pads Tom Brady wasn't the only member of the New England Patriots to skip the White House visit Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez hangs himself in prison cell Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2017 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times Books Interview: Margaret Atwood on her 'Handmaid's Tale': 'I'd rather be wrong' Top News Plan your weekend: 'Hairspray' in the park, Mainsail art fest, Neil Diamond, Earth Day March for Science heads to Washington, St. Petersburg and around the globe Saturday Dining Planner: Florida Blueberry Festival, Seafood and Sweets, Taste of Ybor In honor of American Stage's 'Hairspray,' 5 shows with the biggest hair Review: Brie Larson is too good for 'Free Fire' shoot-em-up Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: Frank Artiles should resign from Florida Senate for racial slurs Top Opinion Editorial: Clearwater City Council should stand up to Church of Scientology Editorial: Legislature should stop raiding affordable housing money Column: Charles Murray's 'provocative' talk Column: Why are Republicans making tax reform so hard? Editorial: Frank Artiles should resign from Florida Senate for racial slurs Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Worse than the pain? The shame of endometriosis Top News At the Houdini Museum, in Scranton, Pa., indulge in a different kind of escape Starbucks' Unicorn Frappuccino has demanded the internet's attention. So how is it? From the archives: A St. Petersburg history photo quiz Review: Unger's 'Red Hunter' a compelling tale of aftershocks of two crimes Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test The Buzz From the staff of the Tampa Bay Times Subscribe to RSS Artiles backlash builds: Negron, Galvano, Democrats respond Michael Van Sickler, Tampa Bay Times Link View all Articles Tuesday, April 18, 2017 10:26pm My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged [Tampa Bay Times] Negron 18 April 0 Comments The blowback is getting something fierce in the latest controversy involving Sen. Frank Artiles, R-Miami. RELATED NEWS/ARCHIVE Joe Negron's Lake Okeechobee bill could decide Enterprise Florida's fate 4 Weeks Ago Small world: Enterprise Florida and Richard Corcoran's law firm 4 Weeks Ago How Walmart's decision to leave Midtown played into a Darryl Rouson vote 4 Weeks Ago At about 9:40 p.m., Senate President Joe Negron's office released this statement from Negron: “(Senate Minority Leader Oscar) Braynon reported this incident to me earlier today, and I was appalled to hear that one Senator would speak to another in such an offensive and reprehensible manner. My first priority was to ensure that this matter was promptly addressed between the two Senators involved, which occurred this evening.  Racial slurs and profane, sexist insults have no place in conversation between Senators and will not be tolerated while I am serving as Senate President. Senator Artiles has requested a point of personal privilege at the beginning of tomorrow’s sitting, during which he intends to formally apologize to Senator Gibson on the Senate Floor.” The statement came more than an hour after the Florida Democratic Party issued a statement demanding the resignation of Artiles. As a Result of Racist and Sexist Comments, Florida Democratic Party Calls on Senator Frank Artiles to Resign In response to the racist and sexist slurs used by Frank Artiles when referring to his African-American and female colleagues in the Senate, Florida Democratic Party spokesperson Johanna Cervone issued the following statement: "Frank Artiles must resign now. His use of horrific racist and sexist slurs towards his colleagues is disgusting, unacceptable and has no place in our democracy or our society. This is just the latest in a string of violent, hateful incidents in which Artiles blames his 'temper'. There is never an excuse for racism or misogyny and the people of Florida aren't buying it. Resign now." After 10 p.m., Sen. Bill Galvano, R-Bradenton, issued his own statement. "Senator Audrey Gibson is an admired colleague and a personal friend, and under no circumstances should ever have been spoken to in such a reprehensible manner. I understand that President Negron is allowing Senator Artiles to formally apologize on the Senate floor tomorrow. Such comments cannot be repaired by a formal apology, but I trust that it is an appropriate step to be taken by the President and the Florida Senate to handle this matter, and to ensure that this behavior is not tolerated and does not happen again." [Last modified: Tuesday, April 18, 2017 10:47pm]      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Click here to sign up for our 'Daily Buzz on Florida Politics’ newsletter Get the day’s five most important links in Florida politics in an email from the Tampa Bay Times' political team sent at 3 p.m. Monday through Friday.   Blog Search About the blog For Florida political news today, the Buzz is your can't-miss-it source. Tampa Bay Times writers offer the latest in Florida politics, the Florida Legislature and the Rick Scott administration. Keep in mind: This is a public forum sponsored and maintained by the Tampa Bay Times. When you post comments here, what you say becomes public and could appear in the newspaper. You are not engaging in private communication with candidates or Times staffers. E-mail Times political editor Adam Smith: asmith@tampabay.com Political News More Tom Brady wasn't the only member of the New England Patriots to skip the White House visit 4/19/17 Romano: Artiles' conduct is unbecoming of a senator and a gentleman 4/19/17 Two GOP candidates announced intent to run for commission seat 4/19/17 Runoff in Georgia House race could test Trump, opposition 4/19/17 It's up to Rick Scott now: Should local governments be allowed to regulate Uber? 4/19/17 Today's top stats Archives Mar325 Feb240 Jan31 Nov95 Oct373 Sep342 Aug360 Jul286 Jun360 May270 Apr295 Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Photo reprints and licensing Article reprints and licensing Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2017 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Newly Launched Yoga Mats by Soul Obsession are Creative and Innovative Los Angeles, California – April 18, 2017             Soul Obsession is a Florida based company that recently launched their optimally performing yoga mats on Amazon. These yoga mats are different than just any ordinary yoga mat you can purchase at Wal-Mart or Target. The Soul Obsession brand is in a class of their own with their creatively designed yoga mats described by satisfied customers as “true works of art.” With over 20 gorgeous prints to choose from, you’ll surely find one that fits your liking. Soul Obsession Yoga Mats has unique features you won’t find anywhere else. Inexpensive yoga mats tend to curl up, or get slippery as you sweat. Soul Obsession has unique features that address common issues with ordinary yoga mats and are superior in quality, design, eco-friendliness, and performance. Soul Obsession Yoga Mats are constructed in an eco-friendly manner made from 100% recyclable, and biodegradable materials. The yoga towel like microfiber tops are super absorbent and durable enough for the most rigorous of workouts. Engineered to absorb your sweat and grip the floor, now you can finally enjoy your workout safely and comfortably. Soul Obsession Yoga Mats are free from latex, PVC, silicone, and phthalates – eliminating toxic odors. Soul Obsession Yoga Mats feature a lower natural tree rubber layer and digitally printed designs which are used from water based inks. They are multi-purpose and can be used for Yoga, Pilates, and aerobics. They are suitable for both men and women of all ages. They measure 68 (in) x 24 (in) x 4 (mm) in size, and come with a shoulder strap. They are machine washable/ air dry only. One Amazon reviewer who purchased the Soul Expression design writes, “I have been using my mat for about 3 months and I love it – the design is vibrant, and I always receive compliments. The microfiber cloth absorbs sweat and helps me keep my grip during poses without sliding. I also love the extended length of this yoga mat – it allows me to stretch out fully after a good savasana I would definitely recommend to yogis, especially those who sweat more and practice Bikram or other hot yoga with some regularity.” Soul Obsession Yoga Mats are characterized by using of a combination of eco-friendly materials, implement innovative new technology to give beautiful artistic designs, and are created to help save our beautiful planet. The company notes, “For decades, mats have allowed us to practice yoga, though a trip to your big-box retailer will quickly show you that most mats are simply commercialized for profit. Little care is given to the quality, performance, and design let alone the purpose to a higher, connecting, and spiritual cause. We felt that the time was right to embrace the art and our love for beautiful grounding exercises to create something unique. We do hope you’ll love using our mats just as much as we’ve loved making them. We’re certain that they’ll be a hit at your next session.”             Additionally, Soul Obsession also offers sporty and durable Yoga Mat Bags making the Yoga Mat portable and easy to carry when you’re on the go. There are two options to choose from: black with blue highlights, or pink with yellow highlights. The Soul Obsession Yoga Mat Bags are also eco-friendly, and made from 100% recyclable and biodegradable materials. The Soul Obsession Yoga Mat Bags fit yoga mats between 3-6 mm, and are 24 inches wide. The bags feature a mesh water bottle holder, and eyelets to help keep your mat fresh and cool. The padded shoulder strap makes carrying it easy and is fashionable, modern, and stylish. There’s even a zippered pocket for your personal items you’ll need at all of your yoga classes. For more information and to purchase the Soul Obsession Yoga Mat on Amazon, visit https://www.amazon.com/Yoga-Prana-Bikram-Mats-Women/dp/B01LWE81C3 Soul Obsession is based out of Miami, Florida. The company’s Founder and CEO is Max Rivadeneira. He founded his company to bring attention and change to the ongoing wildlife and water crisis happening today around the world. With a purchase from Soul Obsession’s Spiritual Collection, the company will donate 5% to Water.org. Rivadeneira adds, “Fresh water is essential to life. Often taken for granted, nearly 4,000 children die daily from the lack of fresh water. Together we can provide fresh water to millions of people that deserve access to life’s essential element.” These proceeds will go to protect and save lives by bringing water and sanitation where it’s needed the most. Also, a 5% donation will be made to WILD.org with any yoga mat purchased from Soul Obsession’s Wildlife Collection. The WILD Foundation works to protect wildlife and the environment through it’s many global projects. Soul Obsession is hopeful that the simple economics from each mat sold, translates to actual lives being saved. To know more about Soul Obsession’s worthy causes, visit their website at https://soulobsession.com/. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Eric Church Concert Tickets at SNHU Arena in Manchester, NH with Promo Code at CapitalCityTickets.com Next PostNext Take Action this Earth Day! Get Back to Nature and Showcase Your Love for the Planet Search Recent Posts PLx Pharma and Dipexium Pharmaceuticals Complete Merger The Fight to be the World’s Largest Internet Retailer: ‘Amazon vs Alibaba’ Market Research Report 2017 Hyundai Mobis nimmt lokale Produktion von Automobil-Hauptkomponenten (Leuchten) in Europa auf Mr. Beer Teams Up With Funky Buddha Brewery to Release Hop Stimulator Double IPA Homebrew Recipe Active Pacific Storm Pattern Proudly powered by WordPress
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds 75° Login Subscribe Full Menu 75° Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:26 Rep. Steve. Palazzo protested Pause 0:59 Police intercept 109 pounds of marijuana destined for Gulfport spring break 1:30 Gulfport woman uses her art to cope with husband's death 2:20 Biloxi officials talk spring break at council meeting 3:29 Stennis Space Center ready for any mission 1:44 Gaming commission votes to deny two casino applications 1:10 East Central slugfest stuns Pirates 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 1:27 Crash victim Spencer Havard "is in heaven right now," father says 2:45 Bayou View Elementary third grade got 'ants in their pants' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email The Biloxi Shuckers are starting their second full season at their new stadium, MGM Park. Sun Herald photojournalist John Fitzhugh offers a few observations on the stadium where he has shot dozens of games. John Fitzhugh Sun Herald Sound Off April 19, 2017 5:27 AM Sound Off for April 19: You should check out the Shuckers LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Help! Two egotistical knee-jerk leaders, Trump and the guy in North Korea. Heaven help us, we should have known. Great story I didn’t know Fred Thornton, but I felt like I did after I read Anita Lee’s tribute to him in today’s Sun Herald. I’m sure his family found great comfort in the story she told about this man. Priorities When a traffic signal close by turns green, the other signal turns red moving the cars a few car lengths. And so on and so on. Whatever happened to letting blocks of traffic move on before cycling? Used to be 130 seconds maximum time before cycling. The priority should always be the main road or highway, not casinos or Wal-Mart. Too late Once upon a time, way back when, lone voices warned the public about building the MGM Park. After all, we have had sports teams in our area before and where are they now? Why spend all that money for something that isn’t likely to last? But, no. Build it, and they will come, they said. Who’s crying now? Great experience I don’t really understand the recent posts spouting indignation over prices at Biloxi Shuckers games. For the budget-conscious consumer you can get a ticket, hot dog, chips and a drink for $12. You can’t do a movie for that, you can’t do mini-golf and fast food for that. I have found the food quality and numerous options to be restaurant quality or better, the BBQ Nachos, Jambalaya, Grilled Oysters, Half-pound Burgers and Fried Shrimp at MGM Park are cheaper than similar offerings at local barbecue joints when you factor in tax and tip. I think they do a two-for-one ticket deal with $2 hot dogs on Tuesdays and $2 draft beer specials on Thursdays. It’s a treat My wife and I recently spent a great night in the Mercedes-Benz Club enjoying a tremendous three-hour-long meal, air-conditioning, great baseball, fireworks, and we were treated like royalty all for less than we would have spent on a Saturday night at a local restaurant. The Shuckers management seems willing to accommodate any and every budget with its many options. You would be depriving yourself and your family of a terrific summer treat if you let the Sound Off detractors deter you from a trip or two to MGM Park this year. Send your Sound Off comments to soundoff@sunherald.com for consideration for publication. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:26 Rep. Steve. Palazzo protested Pause 0:59 Police intercept 109 pounds of marijuana destined for Gulfport spring break 1:30 Gulfport woman uses her art to cope with husband's death 2:20 Biloxi officials talk spring break at council meeting 3:29 Stennis Space Center ready for any mission 1:44 Gaming commission votes to deny two casino applications 1:10 East Central slugfest stuns Pirates 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 1:27 Crash victim Spencer Havard "is in heaven right now," father says 2:45 Bayou View Elementary third grade got 'ants in their pants' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 hours ago Rep. Steve. Palazzo protested 0:26 5 hours ago Rep. Steve. Palazzo protested 1:30 18 hours ago Gulfport woman uses her art to cope with husband's death 0:37 a day ago Gulfport grad Alex Nelms makes pitching debut for USM View More Video Sound Off Sound Off for April 18: We had a great time at Shuckers game Sound Off for April 17: Thank you for Mike Webb story Sound Off for April 16: Special thanks Sound Off for April 15: Orange Grove wants some love, too Sound Off for April 14: Keep your promise, Boosie Sound Off Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content National Real Estate Investor Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Tablet App RSS Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Finance & Investment CMBS Distressed Investment Lending Net Lease REITs Viewpoints Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Hotel Medical Office Self Storage Seniors Housing Single-Family Housing Student Housing Real Estate Services Brokerage Development Leasing Property Management Rankings Technology Viewpoints Webinars Whitepapers NREI Wire Advertisement Home > Retail > Despite A Rough Year, Whole Foods Still Considered a Prime Tenant Despite A Rough Year, Whole Foods Still Considered a Prime Tenant Apr 19, 2017 Diana Bell EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Whole Foods continues to be considered a prime tenant, even with the potential transitional period it may go through while revamping operations. Advertisement An expensive operating model and loss of dominance in the organic food market are major issues grocery chain Whole Foods is facing as it tries to turn around from a year of floundering sales. Yet, despite the “noise” surrounding activist investor JANA Partners’ additional stock purchase in early April, Whole Foods is still viewed as a desirable tenant by shopping center landlords. JANA Partners is now Whole Foods’s second largest stockholder, holding nearly 9 percent of total stock. With Jana involved, analysts have said the likelihood the company will be put up for sale increases. Another option is that Whole Foods could exit markets where it doesn’t have a lot of scale, such as the U.K. Although JANA’s move was hailed by some analysts, Whole Foods faces operating and competitive hurdles and remains in the early stages of implementing a strategy to regain lost market share. “When an activist investor gets involved, I am concerned it can create unnecessary short-term hurdles. And it will be a lot noisier with JANA Partners coming in. I think they are going to try to demand a lot of change. It forces management to overreact,” says Jeff Edison, founder of Phillips Edison, an operator of grocery-anchored shopping centers. Competition from other chains and historically high levels of deflation on food prices are contributing to Whole Foods’s slowed performance, according to Neil Stern, senior partner at real estate consulting firm McMillan Doolittle. But the nature of its consumer base and operating model are also dragging down revenue growth. “The biggest issue the brand is facing now is that consumers no longer have to go to Whole Foods for organics,” says Stern. “The markets don’t believe Whole Foods is adjusting rapidly enough to how the grocery sector is changing.” In fact, Trader Joe’s, Kroger, Sprouts, Walmart and Costco all sell organic food. Sources say there’s some overlap between Trader Joe’s and Whole Foods shoppers. Shopping with sharks It’s a tough time to be in the grocery business, according to Edison. The deflationary environment in the sector, the number of both new entrants in the business and new online grocery delivery service are among the reasons competition is fierce. “Trader Joe’s (owned by Aldi) is [underpricing] Whole Foods and has great stuff. They are crushing Whole Foods,” says Howard Davidowitz, chairman of New York-based retail consulting and investment banking firm Davidowitz & Associates. Credit Suisse analysts wrote in an April 10 note that Whole Foods is “not a well-run, modern day retailer at the moment. It's still somewhat decentralized, it has lacked adequate systems (now just being addressed), the company doesn't have adequate customer data, its category management/pricing strategy is weak, the cost structure looks high, and it's still opening stores against diminishing returns. Our biggest criticism is that management has not moved fast enough to reposition the company.” Same-store sales growth has nose-dived since 2012, when Whole Foods reported an 8.8 percent increase. In 2015, Whole Foods reported a 2.5 percent increase in same-store sales. But for 2016, same-store sales declined 2.5 percent. Whole Foods’ net income has been declining since 2014, when it garnered $579 million. In 2016, net income totaled $507 million. The brand’s market cap now stands at about $11 billion. Long-term debt, including current maturities, spiked to $1.051 billion, compared to $65 million in 2015. In February, Whole Foods announced it would close nine stores. These may be older stores, which were acquired in 2007 when Whole Foods purchased rival grocer Wild Oats, according to Stern. Long-term lease obligations make it tough to close newly built stores, he notes. Whole Foods’ expensive operating model is eating into profits, according to sources. “These are very expensive stores to build—high rents, high CAPEX, a lot of labor. So when Whole Foods slows down, they feel it the most quickly. Because the model itself is a very high-cost model, it’s not so easy to say that they will cut costs by 20 percent,” Stern says. In 2016, the company spent $13 million on relocation, store closures and lease terminations, compared to $16 million in 2015 and $11 million in 2014. The company’s rent expenses in 2016 totaled $285 million, net of taxes, compared to $261 million in 2015 and $241 million in 2014. Still tops Nevertheless, Whole Foods as a tenant remains in the good graces of shopping center operators, according to industry insiders. Sales per sq. ft. are “still best in the industry,” at nearly $1,000, according to Stern. Compare that to Kroger, at $570 per sq. ft. “There’s no major shift against Whole Foods in grocery-anchored business. They continue to be one of the premier anchors in the space. They have a high-end customer and active customer base. It is seen as a strong investment and we expect that to continue,” Edison says. Of all the chain grocers, Whole Foods is by far the most productive, he says, adding that only Trader Joe’s could compete on productivity. He estimates Whole Foods does approximately $800 in sales per sq. ft. Whole Foods continues to be considered a prime tenant, even with the potential transitional period it may go through while revamping operations, says Edward Mui, equity analyst, REITs and real estate, for Morningstar Research Services. A source at shopping center REIT Kimco Realty, who spoke on condition of anonymity, agreed with that assessment. Whole Foods has responded to a lackluster 2016 by reigning in growth forecasts for the year ahead and focusing on cutting costs. For 2017, Whole Foods is forecasting that same-store sales will either stay flat or decline by up to 2.0 percent. The retailer will also pull back on its previously set target of 6 percent growth in square footage and slow new store development. As of November 2, 2016, Whole Foods had 98 stores in development, with total gross square footage of 4.136 million sq. ft. During the same time a year earlier, it had 111 stores in development, with total gross square footage of 4.81 million sq. ft. The average store size was 43,000 sq. ft., compared to 42,000 sq. ft. this year. It does not seem to be cutting back on its 365 concept, however. With smaller footprints of about 30,000 sq. ft., 365 by Whole Foods stores sell goods at cheaper prices. They emphasize speed of purchase, a more efficient layout and self-service check-out. The stores are meant to target Millennial shoppers who have less disposable income than the typical Whole Foods customer. Yet the concept may not be doing as well as originally hoped. That’s according to conversations Don MacLellan, senior managing partner, and Pat Toomey, senior managing director with real estate investment and advisory firm Faris Lee Investments, have had with shopping center developers. The original Whole Foods concept, on the other hand, “is still very desirable and still considered a strong grocery operator. We have seen interest from both pension funds and high-net-worth investors in grocery-anchored shopping centers with a Whole Foods.” As of November 2, 2016, the company signed 79 Whole Foods leases totaling 3.585 million sq. ft., of which 11 percent were in new markets. For its 365 offshoot, the company signed 19 leases totaling 551,000 sq. ft., of which 32 percent were in new markets. “The jury is still out on whether this concept is going to be their savior,” says Stern. “Frankly, Whole Foods can’t build enough 365 stores to change the issues they are facing. Whole Foods has to fix its already-existing model.” What’s next? A sale to a competitor or to a private equity firm is possible, according to Stern. Kroger, Albertsons and even Amazon have been reportedly put on the list of potential bidders by Jana Partners. Whole Foods’ model of leasing rather than owning a majority of its stores, however, makes “less of a traditional lever for private equity to come in as an investor,” Stern notes. As of November 2, 2016, Whole Foods operated 464 stores (including the 365 brand), totaling 18.2 million sq. ft., but the grocer owns just 18 of its retail units, three distribution facilities and four properties leased to third parties, including a parking facility, according to the company’s most recent annual report. The company leases the rest of its stores, distribution centers, bakehouses and administrative facilities and has options to renew the majority of its leases in five-year increments. It has 15 leased properties related to the Wild Oats acquisition, where it is “actively negotiating to sublease or terminate leases related to these locations,” the report notes. Institutional investors are increasing their stakes in the brand, The Cerbat Gem reported this week. It noted that as of April 14, institutional investors and hedge funds owned 85.46 percent of Whole Foods stock. Since the third quarter of 2016, SRB Corp. increased its holdings by 12.3 percent; Seven Bridges increased its position by 55.4 percent; Synovus Financial Corp bought 41 percent more stock. In a January BMO Capital survey on Whole Foods, analyst Kelly Bania found that about 24 percent of customers said Whole Foods’ organic products were “definitely” higher quality than organic food at other grocery stores, while 22 percent said the products were “not at all” better. Following JANA’s latest investment in Whole Foods, Street Insider reported that BMO increased its price target for Whole Foods stock to $28 from $23, but maintained an underperform rating on the company, meaning “deeper investment” is needed to return the chain to glory. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles The Whole of Whole Foods Whole Foods Market to acquire Harry's Farmers Market perishable superstores NEWS: Food Fight in the Big Apple The Epicenter of Urban Foods Despite Demand, Repurposing of Retail to MOB Still Lags   Advertisement The Latest in Retail Despite A Rough Year, Whole Foods Still Considered a Prime Tenant Why Would Amazon Want to Buy BJ’s Wholesale Club? Bad News for Retailers Means Good News for Handful of Restructuring Specialists As Some Retailers Stumble, Dollar Stores Continue to Show Strength Top 10 Restaurant Brands for Retail Landlords More Advertisement Recent Comments Well someone made a poor decision on this particular piece. If you read it carefully, which I did, it... Posted 6 hours 8 min ago by egrummons Hi, egrummons, This article is an aggregated piece of content from Bloomberg. We regularly re-post articles... Posted 6 hours 42 min ago by emisonzhnik Please keep your website focused on the real estate industry and don't post this biased trash. I can read... Posted 7 hours 53 min ago by egrummons Wal-Mart is very dirty - the store itself. I would never buy any produce or fresh anything from Wal-Mart. I... Posted 1 week 8 hours ago by user-589592 I was surprised that the author left out the number of companies that are shutting their doors or moving in... Posted 1 week 1 day ago by Marty Lefton Connect With Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Advertisement Nreionline.com Finance & Investment Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Real Estate Services NREI Wire Site Features Subscribe RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site National Real Estate Investor Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Search Nreionline.com Search: PISCES National Real Estate Investor Related Sites WealthManagement.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store April 20, 2017 3:00 AM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement 2 killed amid massive anti-government marches in Venezuela Two people were shot dead as opponents of President Nicolas Maduro flooded the streets of Caracas and other Venezuelan cities, battling security forces in what's been dubbed the "mother of all marches" against the embattled socialist leader April 19, 2017 11:29 PM (AP Photo/Fernando Llano A demonstrator throws stones during anti-government protests in Caracas, Venezuela, Wednesday, April 19, 2017. Tens of thousands of opponents of President Nicolas Maduro flooded the streets of Caracas in what's been dubbed the "mother of all marches" against the embattled president. By Joshua Goodman and Fabiola Sanchez / Associated Press CARACAS, Venezuela — Two people were shot dead as opponents of President Nicolas Maduro flooded the streets of Caracas and other Venezuelan cities Wednesday, battling security forces in what’s been dubbed the “mother of all marches” against the embattled socialist leader. Carlos Romero, just three days away from his 18th birthday, was walking to play soccer with friends when he bumped into pro-government militias stalking a pocket of protesters, family spokesman Melvin Sojo told The Associated Press, based on the accounts of two people who rushed Carlos to a hospital after he was hit by gunfire. “This was supposed to be a happy moment but instead I came home to see my brother die,” said Sojo, who grew up in the Romero home and returned Tuesday from Ecuador, where he had been living the past year. There was no immediate confirmation that the militias shot the boy, and some government officials cast doubt on the account, saying Carlos was killed during an attempted assault. In the western city of San Cristobal, a 23-year-old woman identified as Paola Ramirez was shot dead by similar groups, according to Mayor Patricia Gutierrez, who said the groups circled demonstrators on motorcycles as they were heading home from the demonstration. The two killings bring to seven the death toll since protests began three weeks ago over the Supreme Court’s decision to strip the opposition-controlled congress of its last remaining powers, a move that was later reversed but not before enraging the opposition and causing a storm of international criticism. The charges of increasing government authoritarianism come against the backdrop of an ever-deepening economic crisis. Despite Venezuela’s economic woes, it was revealed Wednesday that Mr. Maduro’s socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to U.S. President Donald Trump’s inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the U.S. Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America’s $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Mr. Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela’s government. In February, Mr. Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. In Caracas on Wednesday, tens of thousands of angry protesters converged from 26 different points round the capital to attempt to march downtown to the Ombudsman’s office. Like a half-dozen times previously, their progress was blocked by a curtain of tear gas and rubber bullets fired by riot police officers. As night fell, a few thousand people were still gathered in a plaza in wealthy eastern Caracas as residents in nearby buildings banged pots and pans in a show of support. A group of youths with their faces covered tore down street signs and billboards for makeshift barricades. They then launched rocks and Molotov cocktails against lines of police and national guardsmen who responded with tear gas in cat-and-mouse skirmishes likely to last deep into the night. At one point, dozens of protesters amassed on a highway fled a cloud of eye-searing tear gas by sliding down a long concrete causeway and into the Guaire River that traverses Caracas. The Supreme Court’s decision energized Venezuela’s fractious opposition, which had been struggling to channel growing disgust with Mr. Maduro over widespread food shortages, triple-digit inflation and rampant crime. With its momentum renewed, the opposition is now pushing for Mr. Maduro’s removal and the release of scores of political prisoners. The government last year abruptly postponed regional elections the opposition was heavily favored to win and cut off a petition drive to force a referendum seeking Mr. Maduro’s removal before elections late next year. Mr. Maduro, addressing supporters at a larger countermarch, seemed open to some sort of electoral showdown. He said he was “anxious” to see elections take place sometime “soon” and repeated his call for dialogue, saying he had a proposal he wanted to make the opposition. “Today they attempted to take power by force and we defeated them again,” said Mr. Maduro. Opposition marchers included Liliana Machuca, who earns about $20 a month holding two jobs teaching literature. Although she doesn’t expect change overnight, she said protesting is the only option the opposition has after what she says are scores of abuses committed by the government. “This is like a chess game and each side is moving whatever pieces they can,” said Ms. Machuca, her face covered in a white, sticky substance to protect herself from the noxious effects of tear gas. “We’ll see who tires out first.” Venezuela - South America - Latin America and Caribbean - Caracas - Hugo Chavez - Henrique Capriles Radonski - Nicolas Maduro - Rex Tillerson Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY Subscribe social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 11 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Charles Rogers says pain pills, injuries ruined career, not marijuana Charles Rogers walked into the Michigan State University football building for the first time in 15 years last November. Post to Facebook Charles Rogers says pain pills, injuries ruined career, not marijuana Charles Rogers walked into the Michigan State University football building for the first time in 15 years last November.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2pEWywH {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Charles Rogers says pain pills, injuries ruined career, not marijuana Cody J Tucker, Lansing State Journal Published 11:44 p.m. ET April 19, 2017 | Updated 3 hours ago CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: FINDING CHARLES ROGERSLSJ sports storyteller talks about Charles Rogers | 0:58 Lansing State Journal sports storyteller Cody Tucker talks about tracking down former MSU and Detroit Lions football player Charles Rogers. Julia Nagy and Laura Trabka/Lansing State Journal 1 of 3 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: FINDING CHARLES ROGERSVideo: Finding Charles Rogers | 3:15 Charles Rogers was a three-sport star at Saginaw High before starring at Michigan State. After a record-breaking two years in East Lansing, he was drafted No. 2 overall in the 2003 NFL draft. His career was cut short by injuries and substance abuse. Cody Tucker/Lansing State Journal 2 of 3 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share VIDEO PLAYLIST: FINDING CHARLES ROGERSVideo: Top NFL Draft busts | 2:27 Former Michigan State star Charles Rogers is far from the only high draft pick to not pan out in the NFL. A number have flamed out spectacularly. Here's just a small sample of those who failed to meet expectations. Phil Friend/Lansing State Journal 3 of 3Last VideoNext Video LSJ sports storyteller talks about Charles Rogers Video: Finding Charles Rogers Video: Top NFL Draft busts Former NFL player and Michigan State University alumnus Charles Rogers lives and works in Southwest Florida. Rogers is currently an employee at Uptown Motors in Fort Myers. (Photo: Ricardo Rolon/The News-Press) 11 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE Charles Rogers walked into the Michigan State University football building for the first time in 15 years on a cold cloudy day last November. He'd been reluctant to return to the campus where he’d been a star, worried that the disappointments were all anybody would remember. Without prompting from former MSU teammate TJ Duckett, he might not have come. “I was facing my fear, bro,” Rogers said, skinny now, emphatically throwing his tattooed arms into the air. But inside the Skandalaris Football Center that day, he and Duckett found themselves in front of a pillar encased in glass. Rogers' photo was inside along with a replica of the 2002 Biletnikoff Trophy, given to the nation’s top wide receiver. Two of his former coaches, Mark Dantonio and Ken Mannie, were in the building. Mannie, the Spartans strength coach, greeted him with a hug. “It was a beautiful thing,” Rogers said, wiping a tear off his left cheek. “It took so much off my shoulders, man. The joy I felt to see everybody, and no one throwing judgment on you was like I never left. I was just touched. I was in tears, man. I was really crying. Just the s--- I have been through, I didn’t know how they would respond to me.” “They said, 'MSU is your home. You are always welcome.'” That was the moment Rogers realized he wasn’t alone, Duckett said. “No matter what happened or what he thinks is the worst possible thing, that’s not the case," he said. "There are a lot of people who still care and love him. I could see him and what it meant to him.” The trophy case was a reminder of what Rogers once was. Of spectacular leaping touchdown grabs and roaring crowds at Spartan Stadium on Saturdays. Of the fact that, in two seasons, he hauled in 135 passes for 2,821 yards and a school record 27 touchdowns. On the other side of the case was a 2002 edition of Sporting News with Rogers on the cover, screaming as he glides through the air. “Meet college football’s best player” it read in bold white letters. It was the smaller headline on the front that kept Rogers away for all these years. “Size. Speed. Hands. Charles Rogers has it all — including a very bright future in the NFL.” That was true — once. A fallen star Former NFL player and Michigan State University alumnus Charles Rogers, left, poses for a portrait with childhood friend Melchizedek (Mel) Washington on Wednesday March 29, 2017. Rogers, who now lives in North Fort Myers, is an employee at Uptown Motors which is owned by his friend Washington.  (Photo: Ricardo Rolon/The News-Press) The man who was once the best player in college football works at Uptown Motors, an auto repair shop off Palm Beach Boulevard in northeast Fort Myers, Florida. His business card says he’s the general manager, but, admittedly, he doesn’t know much about cars. He’ll help with taping up wheels for painting or help lift a motor here and there, but as far as day-to-day maintenance, Rogers said he likes to be more of a “PR guy” for the shop, which is owned by his childhood friend Mel Washington. The building is painted black, scalding hot to the touch in the Florida sun and surrounded by a privacy fence and razor wire. Rogers is eager to show off a pair of pit bulls that sit in a cage on the hot concrete out back. There are more dogs inside that he glowingly refers to as “the hyenas.” “You can’t touch these ones.” He smiled. Rogers is 35 now. He’s wearing $600 shorts and a Wal-Mart T-shirt. He has tattoos on his arms that together spell out "Sag Nasty," an homage to his hometown. He is nearly 30 pounds down from his MSU playing weight of 205. He is shaky. His hands never seem to stay still. He was the No. 2 pick in the 2003 NFL Draft. He signed a $39.5 million contract with the Detroit Lions. It included a guaranteed signing bonus of $14.4 million. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: Charles Rogers today  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Former NFL player and Michigan State University alumnus Charles Rogers lives and works in Southwest Florida. Rogers is currently an employee at Uptown Motors in Fort Myers.  Ricardo Rolon/The News-Press Fullscreen Former NFL player and Michigan State University alumnus Charles Rogers, left, poses for a portrait with childhood friend Melchizedek (Mel) Washington on Wednesday March 29, 2017. Rogers, who now lives in North Fort Myers, is an employee at Uptown Motors which is owned by his friend Washington.  Ricardo Rolon/The News-Press Fullscreen Charles Rogers salutes co-worker Juan Gonzalez, an auto body repair worker at Uptown Motors in Fort Myers, Florida, Wednesday March 29, 2017. The Former NFL player and Michigan State University alumnus lives and works in Southwest Florida.  Ricardo Rolon/The News-Press Fullscreen Former NFL player and Michigan State University alumnus Charles Rogers plays a video game at Basil’s Pizza and Subs in Fort Myers Wednesday March 29, 2017. Rogers currently works at Uptown Motors.  Ricardo Rolon/The News-Press Fullscreen Charles Rogers, 35, stands in front of Uptown Motors, an auto-repair shop in Fort Myers, Florida, that he has been working at for the past year.  Cody Tucker/Lansing State Journal Fullscreen Former NFL player and Michigan State University alumnus Charles Rogers lives and works in Southwest Florida. Rogers is currently an employee at Uptown Motors in Fort Myers.  Ricardo Rolon/The News-Press Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 6 2 of 6 3 of 6 4 of 6 5 of 6 6 of 6 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide He once lived in a million-dollar mansion in the Detroit suburbs with Mercedes-Benz and Cadillacs lining the driveway. He had expensive jewelry, the latest rims and often spent expensive weekends with friends, drinking by the pool and in the clubs of Las Vegas. That party has been over for a while. He says injuries derailed his career: two broken collarbones in his first two seasons with the Lions. But a pain-killer addiction, coupled with failed drug tests and NFL suspensions for marijuana use aided his premature exit from the league. He is considered one of the biggest busts in NFL history. He still smokes marijuana every day. In his mind, injuries and Vicodin ended his career. Marijuana didn’t. The auto shop, he says, is his first “real job.” He likes it. Around the corner is Basil’s, a pizza and sub shop near the end of a long strip mall where he goes to play Mortal Kombat and drink free soda on his breaks. Sitting at a high-top table, leaning forward on a bar stool, he wanted to chat about the past and how he got here. Hometown hero There is a lush green lot on the corner of River and Wisner streets in south Saginaw. It’s empty now. But it was once the site of a middle-class home in the heart of a blue-collar neighborhood. Beagle hunting dogs roamed the backyard. The trees near the sidewalk served as a blockade from the busy traffic that made its way down Hess Avenue from the other side of the Saginaw River. Rogers’ maternal grandparents, Benjamin and Eula Rogers, lived there. It used to be his safe place. “My grandfather raised me,” Rogers said. “He was my rock.” Like most in the neighborhood, Benjamin Rogers worked for General Motors. He was a church-going man. Rogers said he brought structure to his life. Benjamin Rogers also loved to hunt and fish, something he passed down to his oldest grandson. Rogers' relationship with his mother was more chaotic. Cathy Rogers did a brief stint in prison for welfare fraud when Rogers was just 6. He said his mother was never the same after she was released. Sometimes he would stay with her on the north side of town. In 2012, Rogers was arrested for threatening his mother after he said she “stole” $100,000 from him. According to a police report, he threatened to “blow her mouth out” and said he was willing to do “the time” for it. The only time he did for the threat and a handful of other misdemeanor charges was a short stint in a rehab facility. “I have a problem with that,” he said. “I said some things, I was hot.” They still don’t speak. Cathy Rogers didn't respond to messages sent through Facebook and over email. Don Durrett, Rogers’ football coach at Saginaw High School, remembers the bickering. Rogers and his mother both leaned on the coach for guidance from time to time. It wasn't until three years after Rogers graduated from high school that Saginaw became the most violent city in America. But it was already on its way. “One side of town is for guys who like to shoot, the other for thieves,” said Washington, Rogers’ close friend and now his boss. He said he joined the Sunny Side gang as a kid, got shot in the back when he was a teenager. One brother was murdered in a drive-by shooting. The other brother was shot in the neck and paralyzed. “If you make it past 25, it’s a blessing,” Washington said. “Saginaw is bad. Now, it’s even worse. I come from the bottom of the streets. South Saginaw is the worst neighborhood in America.” Despite the chaos in his life — including fathering two children in high school and suffering a punctured lung because of a stab wound — Rogers flourished. He was a state champion sprinter, a standout basketball player and a star under the Friday night lights. At Saginaw High School, photos of Rogers still hang in the hallways. A large yellow banner on the gymnasium wall features his No. 22 jersey and celebrates his status as a high school All-American. Draymond Green and LaMarr Woodley are the only other athletes to have their jerseys retired at Saginaw High. Inside Durrett’s office, an old newspaper clipping sits just below the clock. “Home Groan” is the headline. The photo shows Rogers breaking a tackle in his Lions’ uniform. Not a day goes by that Durrett doesn’t think about Rogers. He called him the best athlete to ever come out of the city. No one comes close in his eyes. Track coach DeEddie Sanders agrees. So does Woodley. “We used to just throw it out there, and he would go get it,” Durrett said, inside his office at the high school, where he now serves as a behavioral specialist. “He made us proud.” Woodley, who went on to play linebacker at the University of Michigan and spent eight years in the NFL, was a freshman at Saginaw when Rogers was a senior. They were teammates for one season, but Woodley said he was Rogers' fan more than his friend. He said he will never forget the stands being filled with college coaches and the day Rogers’ number was retired. He wanted that for himself. He thought of Rogers as a role model. “I will always be a fan of Charles Rogers,” Woodley said from his home in Novi. “That will never change. The things he showed me, positively and negatively, had an effect on my life. I made it because Charles Rogers motivated me. He is the best athlete I have ever seen. He is a great guy and helped a lot of people.” Rogers has yet to be inducted into the Saginaw County Sports Hall of Fame. Durrett has sent the paperwork to Rogers, but never receives an answer. He is on the ballot again this year. Durrett hasn't heard from him. The Hall of Fame is housed in the Castle Museum on the outskirts of downtown. It features photos, trophies and jerseys from the best athletes to come out of Saginaw. The 1999 state championship Trojan football team led by Rogers is enshrined there. It's still the only state title in the program's history. Rogers is front and center in the photo that dominates the Saginaw High showcase, smiling and holding up his left pointer finger. There is also a photo of Rogers taken when he signed with the Lions. Holding up his Honolulu blue jersey, it was the biggest day of his life. It’s just a few rows away from a framed shot of him blazing down the track, breaking one of the two county records he set in 2000. “Ain’t nothing but love for him around here,” Woodley said. Trojan to Spartan Kevin Vickerson knew the game was in the hands of No. 1. On the road in South Bend in 2001, the Spartans were tied 10-10 with less than 2:00 on the clock and facing a 3rd and 6 from the Irish 47-yard line. Quarterback Ryan Van Dyke took a four-step drop and hit Rogers on a slant pass. The rest is history. Rogers beat the entire Notre Dame secondary before leaping into the end zone for the game-winning touchdown. “We had to have a play,” said Vickerson, who played defensive tackle for the Spartans from 2001 to 2004. “He went and got it. That’s Chuck Rogers.” Rogers was the top-ranked wide receiver in the nation coming out of high school. People thought he’d land at Michigan, Florida State or Tennessee. Bobby Williams and the Spartans won him over late. Grades and low ACT scores kept Rogers on the sidelines during his first season in East Lansing, but he proved to be worth the wait. In two short years, he re-wrote the school’s history books. As a junior in 2002, he became the first receiver to record back-to-back 1,000-yard seasons and broke an NCAA record, catching a touchdown pass in 13 straight games for the Spartans. Vickerson, who spent 10 years in the NFL, has played with some of the best receivers in the league: Demaryius Thomas, Wes Welker, Eric Moulds. He said Rogers is still at the top of that list. “I still tell people to this day, he was still one of the best wide receivers I ever played with,” he said. “A healthy Charles Rogers, I’ll take him over anyone.” It was another miraculous catch against Notre Dame that cemented Rogers’ legacy. His life would change forever that week – for good and bad. On Sept. 15, 2002, Rogers received a call that his grandfather had died. The man who raised him, instilled discipline and taught him to hunt and fish was gone. “I think about him every day, especially on Sundays,” Rogers said, staring down at the table inside the Fort Myers restaurant. “He was a church man. If I am going through the TV and I see a hunting show, I think about him. He is in my heart.” Six days later, with a heavy heart and unsure if he would even play, Rogers snagged a 21-yard touchdown catch between two defenders, somehow keeping his left foot in bounds to take a late lead over the Irish. He called it a money game. That November, he declared for the draft. “I knew I was going to be drafted in the top 5 after that one,” Rogers smiled. Benjamin Rogers wouldn't be there to see it. The day Rogers signed with the Spartans had been one of the happiest days of his grandfather's life. “There was a glow to him,” Rogers said. “He would go to work at GM and tell everyone about me. He got him some MSU gear. It’s something that I miss. I was his pride and joy." Rogers was silent, just for a second. “He was mine.” Motor City meltdown Detroit Lions receiver Charles Rogers (80) cuts in front of Arizona Cardinals cornerback Coby Rhinehart for a touchdown in the first quarter at Ford Field in Detroit, Sunday, Sept. 7, 2003.  (Photo: Duane Burleson/Associated Press) Rogers never Googles himself, so he didn’t know that there is a YouTube video called “Detroit Lions Fans Burn Charles Rogers Jerseys." It takes place in the parking lot outside Ford Field before a game in 2012, a way for fans to purge past draft debacles. “You have to try and imagine the pressure he was feeling,” said Joey Harrington, a former Lions quarterback and someone who knows about the pressure of underperforming. There are also internet videos with his No. 3 jersey going up in flames. “What happened to Charles is partly his fault. You have to take ownership for your life. It’s also partly the Lions' fault. And part of it is just a fluke.” Rogers called being drafted by Detroit a “blessing and a curse.” The blessing: He was an NFL player, making millions of dollars, living his dream. The curse: He was less than two hours from his hometown, which meant only 100 miles from “leeches,” people who wanted a piece of Rogers’ pie. “It was like a party all the time,” Rogers said. “Maybe if I wasn’t close to home it would’ve been better. No distractions.” The distractions came early and often in his rookie season. At the NFL combine, Rogers tested positive for a urine-masking agent, which showed excess water in his diluted sample. It was later confirmed that Rogers had also failed two drug tests during his time in East Lansing. In his NFL debut that September, Rogers hauled in a pair of touchdowns in a win over the Arizona Cardinals. It felt like a small glimpse into Rogers' big future in the Motor City and seemed to validate the Lions taking the troubled receiver so high in the draft. But, a month later, his season would end with a broken right collarbone sustained during practice. He'd been the team’s leading receiver with 243 yards on 23 catches and three touchdowns, all three thrown by Harrington. Harrington, who was selected No. 3 overall in the 2002 draft, expected “Harrington to Rogers” to become the next great pass-catch combo in the NFL. He called Rogers “unconventional,” but added that when the lights came on, he showed up. He used words like "trust." If the Lions needed to move the chains, he said, he was looking for No. 80. Instead, they played a total of six games together. “The times Charles was on the field, he was fantastic,” Harrington said from his home in Portland, Oregon. “Everyone talks about ‘gamers.’ Charles was the best definition of a gamer that I came across in my career. He had a knack for making big plays.” Harrington believes Rogers’ tendency to catch the ball in his body led to his second broken collarbone, suffered during the opening game of the 2004 season. Only three offensive plays into the game, Rogers’ season was over. “It was basic route, and instead of catching the ball with his hands, he cradled it,” Harrington said. “It put him in an awkward position, and he snapped it again. Obviously, his career went sideways and my performance went sideways because I didn’t have him on the field. We struggled on offense. Had he stayed healthy, would it have been a cure-all for all our issues? No. But things would have been on a very different trajectory.” The Lions sent him home to regroup and rehab in the fall of 2004. That, Rogers said, is when he started down a dangerous path. “After I got hurt, I got hooked on them damn things,” he said. He was talking about Vicodin, an addictive pain medication. “(The Lions) were giving them out like candy," he said. "Whatever you want, man. Whatever you want. (They) weren’t even questioning as long as you are on the field. They were passing them out like Skittles. I was straight hooked on them things for 3 or 4 years.” Rogers’ 2005 season got off to yet another rocky start. Only this time, it was self-imposed. In October, he was suspended for four games for violating the NFL’s substance abuse policy. It meant Rogers had failed at least three drug tests. He also returned to the team overweight and without his trademark speed. A little more than a month later, the Lions filed a grievance, demanding more than $10 million of his $14.4 million signing bonus be returned for breaking his contract. Rogers was released by the team the following September. He is defiant when it comes to his dealings with the Lions. He said injuries, not drug abuse, derailed his future, although he admits he smoked marijuana every day in the NFL and while at MSU. “Everybody knew I smoked,” he said, raising his voice and smacking the table. “It wasn’t a big deal. It didn’t even hinder my play. I get to Detroit, it’s a whole different story. I understand it. You can say it’s a maturity thing, but I was just playing ball. That’s probably where I went wrong at. It’s a guidance thing, man.” The Detroit Lions did not respond to request for comment for this story. Rogers left Detroit with millions in the bank and a Vicodin addiction. As for as paying back the $6.1 million he still owes the Lions — the NFL Players Association negotiated the price drop — “I ain’t got nothing to pay them,” he said, shaking his head in defiance. “I am going to file for bankruptcy anyway.” Without football in his life, Rogers’ rap sheet started to fill up. He was blowing through money, making bad investments in car washes and barber shops. He once gave a friend $10,000 to open a business and didn’t even ask what the money was for. Rogers was arrested six times between September of 2008 to October of 2012, on charges ranging from assault and battery and probation violations to DUI, open container violations and marijuana possession. “People like you end up in my courtroom because you are addicts,” Saginaw County District Judge A.T. Frank told Rogers at a hearing in the summer of 2012. “Not because you are bad people. You have a serious addiction problem.” Rogers said he kicked his prescription drug habit after a stint in a Houston rehab facility and has not touched a pain pill in years. He said his last DUI in 2009 “scared him straight,” though he was arrested for alcohol-related issues two more times. The judge "saved my life by putting me in the right situation," Rogers said. That doesn't mean he is exactly sober. “I don’t think marijuana was my downfall, but I can’t narrow it down, man,” he said. “I have a beer watching the game or a fight, but I smoke every day though. I smoke every day. Not even going to lie to you. But I am drug-free other than that." He said he might also turn his love of weed into a legal venture in the future. "You can make a lot of money off it, too," he said. "I know it inside and out." His high school coach thinks he simply had too much freedom in Detroit. “I wish he had someone to lean on when he was in college and the NFL,” Durrett said. “That hurts quite a bit for me sometimes. He could’ve leaned on me. I am his No. 1 fan.” His college teammate Duckett said he was too lost in his own world to lend Rogers a helping hand. “He struggles to ask for help,” said Duckett, who now goes by Todd. “He fell off the map. He didn’t have to contact anyone. He didn’t have to do anything. He didn’t have to talk to you or me.” The next chapter Rogers wasn't lonely when he was at the top. Things are different now that the money's gone. He is bitter about the generosity he shared with the so-called friends from his old neighborhood. He got emotional talking about the support system he thought he had. The day he was drafted, Rogers bused more than 50 people from his hometown to Madison Square Garden to share in the moment with him, acknowledgment for those who helped him reach the top. “I’ve done so much for so many people, and I can’t ask them for s---, that’s the killer. Man, that’s the killer,” he said, with a few more expletives in between. “That hurts, bro. They can’t never say Charlie Rogers was a selfish guy. I didn’t have that wisdom, man. I blew some cash.” He learned from those mistakes, he said. He keeps his inner circle small. He has stayed out of the spotlight for nearly five years. He barely keeps in touch with old teammates and coaches. Durrett said he hears from Rogers on occasion, but it’s typically late at night and he said it often seems like Rogers has been drinking.  Rogers sees a therapist at 1 p.m. every Wednesday. He isn’t clinically depressed, but has given himself that diagnosis for years. “Hell yes I was depressed.” His voice was emphatic. Rogers has little family to speak of. He has eight children — four boys and four girls, ages 10 to 19 — with four different mothers. None of his children live with him in Florida, but he said he keeps in touch. He says he’s a good father, but knows that he needs to work on himself before he can play a bigger role in their lives. He is single — kind of — he jokes, but added that he doesn’t want to settle down. He lives with a friend in a white townhouse in a rough part of North Fort Myers. He warns that it's "the slums." It's a far cry from a $1.3 million home he once owned in Novi. Rogers smiles and laughs with employees of the pizza restaurant. This is where he goes to “chill” and watch sports. But he admitted that, when the lights go out, he doesn’t have many people to fall back on. His phone used to ring off the hook, now, it’s mostly Sports Center updates buzzing. Aside from Washington, Rogers said his list of allies is a short one. “I have been my own support system,” he said. “Sometimes I sit back and shed a tear. Sometimes I feel like, where’s the love?” Then in a soft-spoken voice, he named the one person he will always have — “Duck.” Duckett and Rogers hadn’t talked for more than a decade before they reconnected last fall. Duckett, who still calls Lansing home, was heartbroken to find out his friend was so alone. “The years that we did not talk, that might have been how long it took me to get where I need to be,” Duckett said, fighting back tears. “We both had our struggles. It’s tough. I look back, I was fighting for my own life. Now you hear a guy that I looked up to, the guy who, when he committed to MSU, I was probably happier than the coaches … It’s hard to hear.” Durrett isn’t buying the notion that Rogers doesn’t have anyone in his corner. For years, his former coach has tried to lure Rogers back to Saginaw to work with kids and share his experiences the way Woodley and Green do. He has even asked Rogers to become an assistant football and track coach. “We love him here,” Durrett said, choking back tears over the phone. “When I am praying for my family, I pray for him, too. He is always in my prayers and I think about the kid. That won’t ever go away. “I wish the best for him. I wish I could cry with him and let his feelings out. He needs to find that explosion within and find out who Charles Rogers really is.” But Charles Rogers is still looking. “I am getting my life together… A fresh start,” he said as he stepped out into the Florida heat and pulled down his sunglasses. “Do I need a little love? Yeah. Am I still trying to find Charles Rogers? Yeah. I stay optimistic and positive. I’ve been to hell and back, but I stay strong. I still have faith. I’m still a young man. It ain’t over. I’m going to be all right, you know? I’m going to be all right.” Contact Cody Tucker at (517) 377-1070 or cjtucker@lsj.com 11 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 4 COMMENTEMAILMORE TOP VIDEOS LSJ sports storyteller talks about Charles Rogers 0:58 Serena Williams will have a new title: Mother 0:52 5 storylines heading into the Grand Prix of Alabama 2:29 Raw: Ohio Zoo Shows Off Adorable Polar Bear Cub 1:34 AP Top Stories April 19 P 1:12 Trump details the letter he received from Bill Belichick 1:26 Derek Jeter and Jeb Bush team up in Marlins ownership bid 1:04 Kirk Ferentz thinks Iowa's schedule is plenty tough 2:02 Trump Welcomes Super Bowl Champs Patriots to WH 1:28 Gingrich Confident GOP Will Hold Georgia Seat 1:04
heart.co.uk (national) Choose your preferred station Sign in Become a Heart VIP Listen to heart.co.uk (national) Watch Heart TV Home Radio News Entertainment Lifestyle Weird Events Win Charity Bingo TV Weather Search GO Local News UK & World Showbiz Top Trending Videos Traffic and Travel Quirky Sport Snow Weather Home News UK & World Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro donates $500,000 to Trump fund despite economic woes 20th April 2017, 02:55 The president of Venezuela donated $500,000 (£391,000) to Donald Trump's inauguration fund despite the country suffering severe economic problems and food shortages. Inaugural committee records show Citgo Petroleum, a US affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some US firms including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1m contribution. Nicolas Maduro has been careful not to antagonise the new US president, but the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Mr Trump met the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the US State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. On Wednesday, two people were shot dead as thousands of Venezuelans took part in protests against Mr Maduro demanding fresh elections and the release of jailed opposition politicians. The South American country has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but many Venezuelans accuse Mr Maduro of pilfering the nation's wealth. (c) Sky News 2017: Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro donates $500,000 to Trump fund despite economic woes Debenhams to consider closing up to 10 stores Debenhams will consider closing up to 10 of its 176 stores under a review announced by its new chief executive, Sergio Bucher. Sky reports customer growth across all markets The entertainment and communications group which owns Sky News reported growth in customer numbers across its European markets on Thursday, but warned that the broader consumer environment remained City continues to be jobs magnet, despite Brexit uncertainty The City continues to be a jobs magnet despite some financial services jobs being shifted to Europe, a report suggests. Video Police may have to shoot terrorists at the wheel under 'more aggressive' tactics Police may have to shoot terrorists behind the wheel to stop them using vehicles as weapons in attacks, the national lead for armed policing has said. Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Gallery Nigella Lawson's Hottest Looks! Gallery Bare-Naked Ladies: Stars Without Makeup! Gallery Pregnant Celebrities: Serena Williams Is 20 Weeks Pregnant! Gallery George From 'Stuart Little' Is All Grown Up... And You Won't Believe How Hot He Is! Gallery Top Of The Chops! Celebrity Hair Do-Overs Gallery Jamie Dornan: Sexiest Pictures Of The Christian Grey Actor Gallery Celebrity Weddings: Bond Director Sam Mendes Is Off The Market! Gallery Kelly Brook's Most Gorgeous Pictures Gallery The Most Beautiful Celebrity Wedding Dresses Gallery The Top 25 Sexiest Men Gallery Best Dressed Celebrity Baby Bumps: Ciara Works The Red Carpet Gallery 10 David Beckham Quotes Straight Out Of 'Only Fools & Horses' Quick links Schedule Heart Breakfast Last 10 songs Local events Local news Local Win With Heart Make Heart the soundtrack to your day and you could be a winner with great prizes up for grabs throughout the day. UK & World Jeremy Corbyn and Theresa May trade blows as election campaigns begin Marine Le Pen's rise is about more than just race and immigration Depression and cancer drugs offer hope for dementia sufferers - study O'Reilly leaves Fox News amid harassment claims Freak wave swept father and toddler into sea on family holiday See all UK & World Showbiz Chris Packham charged with assault in Malta after bird hunt row Tennis star Serena Williams confirms she is pregnant after Snapchat selfie Peter Kay's Car Share Gets Even Better, Thanks To Drunk Smurfette And 'Now 48' 'Proud to be British': Victoria Beckham receives OBE for fashion success Harry Styles wanted Taylor Swift date to be 'normal' See all Showbiz You are here: Home News UK & World Back to top How To Listen & Watch Digital Radio FM Online TV iPad & iPhone Android Blackberry Heart TV Find Your Local Heart By Region By Postcode Radio Heart Breakfast Drivetime Schedule Playlist Last 10 songs All Heart Shows Report Interference From Illegal Broadcasters Discover More Article Archive Website Support Accessibility Most Viewed Pictures On Heart Celebrity Pictures Competitions Local News Heart Angels Race for Life Bingo Games Movies All About Heart Frequently Asked Questions Contact us Working for Heart Advertise With Us Charity About Us Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Public File Cookie Policy Company Details Search GO © Global 2017
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Government Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Government Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Elizabethton City Council Carter County Mayor asks Elizabethton Council for increased funding for animal shelter John Thompson • Yesterday at 11:08 PM jthompson@johnsoncitypress.com ELIZABETHTON — Carter County Mayor Leon Humphrey laid out his case Wednesday for Elizabethton City Council to increase city funding for the Elizabethton/Carter County Animal Shelter next year. The county mayor's appearance at the second of two council budget workshops came two days after Elizabethton City Manager Jerome Kitchens presented his proposed budget, a proposal that would keep the city's funding for the joint city and county facility at last year's level. Several council members expressed concern that Elizabethton has no input into the increased operating expenses for the shelter this year, although the council did honor its pledge in a memorandum of understanding for the city to provide funds for half the cost, with the county providing the other half. Councilman Richard Tester said the city should have input in setting the shelter's budget if it is going to split the costs with the county. There were also conflicting stances between Humphrey and the City Council on the legal aspects of the city-county agreement to operate the shelter. There was some discussion, but most of the talk was deferred because the city's attorney, Roger Day, was not present. In his presentation, Humphrey told the Council that until last year, the shelter's operating budget was seriously underfunded in several areas, including food, cleaning supplies and medicine. The mayor said that even though the shelter had received donations of food and supplies from such organizations as Walmart, the animals did not get enough food. He said the shelter was being cleaned with only water and bleach, and that the shelter was using sawdust instead of cat litter, which added to respiratory infections. Humphrey said the result was an epidemic, which killed many cats last summer. He said he did not begin to understand the needs of the shelter until he started getting phone calls from residents who were worried about the operation of the shelter. It was then that he began to read the recommended protocols for operating a healthy shelter. After Humphrey's presentation, the council focused on the two largest enterprise funds of the city: the Electric Department and the Water Resources Division. Kitchens and Water Resource Division General Manager Johann Coetzee said the city continues to play catch up on fixing the many water leaks in the system while keeping water affordable for customers. If the city remains on schedule for meeting its targets, Kitchens said the water loss program would still take 15 to 20 years to complete. One part of the loss reduction program is funded by Community Development Block Grants. Coetzee said $185,000 remains on the current grant. Work is scheduled in the East Side area, Hatcher Lane, Bob Little Road, Earl Avenue and Golf Course Acres, until the grant is used up. Coetzee said the city cannot obtain another Community Development Block Grant until the current one has been used up. Rob Toney, general manager of the Electric Department, said he has presented a very conservative estimate of sales for next year. He said plans call for replacing a 60-foot bucket truck and a digger derrick truck this year. He said there are no large capital projects scheduled for next year. Council members also discussed employee pay. Several department heads said they were losing workers to higher-paying cities and departments. There is currently only a $500 one-time bonus for each full-time employee and a $250 bonus for each part-time employee in the proposed budget. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Politics April 19, 2017 11:06 pm Venezuela donated $500,000 to Donald Trump inauguration despite food shortages By Staff The Associated Press ; Donald Trump waves as he walks with first lady Melania Trump during the inauguration parade on Pennsylvania Avenue in Washington. AP Photo/Evan Vucci What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen CARACAS, Venezuela – President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump‘s inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Story continues below Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America’s $1 million contribution. READ MORE: Donald Trump inaugural pulls in massive quantities of cash from donors Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela’s government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. “Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity … will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community,” the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world’s largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation’s oil wealth. READ MORE: Venezuela’s president has carried out a ‘coup d’etat’: national assembly leader PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 per cent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. “We are extremely concerned that Rosneft’s control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security,” six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Donald Trump Donald Trump inaugural Donald Trump inaugural donations donald trump inauguration Donald Trump inauguration donations President Donald Trump Trump inaugural Trump inaugural Venezuela Trump inauguration donations Venezuela Venezuela Editor's Picks Canada Inside Canada's flexible work economy. Who's the real winner here? Canada Analysis: Canada’s Charter remains a flawed document that no politician dares try to fix Canada Could you handle a 33 per cent interest-rate hike on your debt? If not, start paying it off now Canada Analysis: On the eve of Malala visit, it’s clear we could use more feminist prime ministers Politics Airstrikes in Syria further complicate Trump's relationship with Russia Canada Have you heard about savings loans? Think carefully before signing up for one Sports With no NHL, who will play for Team Canada at the 2018 Olympics? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now 97-year-old son of world's oldest person dies at home in Jamaica 22016 10-year-old boy with autism arrested after kicking teacher in Florida 7274 Vancouver is world’s 10th-best city for millennials: study 7085 North Korea to U.S.: 'Don't mess with us' 2303 Venezuela donated $500,000 to Donald Trump inauguration despite food shortages 2028 Sponsored content Popular Videos Oklahoma’s ‘Witch grandma’ sentenced to 3 consecutive life sentences for child abuse WATCH NOW ‘Unchecked Iran’ could follow ‘same path’ as North Korea, says Tillerson WATCH NOW Trump targets Canadian dairy farmers outlining his Buy America plan WATCH NOW Aaron Hernandez found not guilty in 2012 double-murder WATCH NOW Trump takes direct aim at Canadian dairy farmers: ‘Unfair things have happened’ WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
This site is part of the Global Exhibitions Division of Informa PLC Informa PLC About us Investor relations Talent This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067. Informa Inside Self-Storage ISS Magazine Self Storage Owner Seeks to Build Artists' Consignment, Crafts and Gift Store in Wilmington, NC 2 days ago Comments Posted in News, Self-Storage Operators, Development, Zoning Print Trey McGirt, whose family owns four Monkey Junction Self Storage facilities in North Carolina, is looking to build an artists’ consignment, crafts and gift store near one of his facilities in Wilmington, N.C. He’ll host a community meeting at 6:30 p.m. on April 25 at the Monkey Junction property at 5044 Carolina Beach Road to discuss the project. The parcel at 5119 and 5123 Carolina Beach Road is less than half a mile from the storage facility and near a Walmart. McGirt will develop the project with his father, according to the source. In a letter to adjacent property owners, McGirt explained he’s seeking conditional zoning-district approval from New Hanover County officials to move forward with the development. He also noted traffic wouldn’t be impacted by the store because the area is heavily commercial. “It’s an available location that’s suited for these styles of businesses, with the size of the property and dimensions,” he added. The store would be similar to Blue Moon Gift Shops on Racine Drive and The Ivy Cottage, a home-décor consignment retailer on Market Street. It would also be of the same quality as the family’s storage properties, McGirt said. Monkey Junction operates three facilities in Wilmington and one in Leland, N.C. In addition to traditional storage, the properties offer vehicle storage, truck rentals, and moving and packing supplies. Sources: Wilmington Biz: Potential Development Projects To Be Subjects Of Upcoming Meetings E-Mail Tweet Comments Comments Similar Articles Mamaroneck Self Storage Teams With Furniture Sharehouse for Designer Vignette Showcase Metro Storage Opens New Facility in Brooklyn, NY A-1 Self Storage to Build New Facility in San Diego’s Imperial Beach Community Dainton Self Storage Sponsors Charity Concert at Ugbrooke House in Chudleigh, England Manhattan Mini Storage Art Exhibit Features Works Kept in Self-Storage Units Latest Articles Mamaroneck Self Storage in NY to Receive 2017 Best of BOMA Award Neighborhood Association Considers Extra Space Self-Storage Development in Rio Rancho, NM NorthPoint Development Launches Multi-Facility Initiative for Beyond Self Storage Howard Hughes Corp. Enters Self-Storage With Developments in The Woodlands, TX LSC Development to Build Chicago Self-Storage Facility After Settling Lawsuit Against the City Other Resources Inside Self-Storage Boat/RV Storage 2016 Inside Self-Storage International 2016 Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Store Products Inside Self-Storage 2017 Guidebook Series [Softcover] What's It Worth? Making, Managing, and Measuring Value: Self-Storage Facility ISS Poll Take our poll Subscribe Inside Self-Storage First Name Last Name E-Mail Resources EasyCode Case Study: Using Mobile Technology to Improve a Self-Storage Facility R3: Renovate, Remodel or Retrofit for Retention, Revenue and Real (Estate) Value Free E-Mail Updates Weekly Newsletter Premium Content (information about ISS Reports, Digital Issues, Webinars, etc.) featured links •Search for:   Home Articles   Construction Development Finance Legal Management Marketing Real Estate Technology   Videos Resource Center   Articles by Topic Blogs Digital Issues Galleries Podcasts Reports Whitepapers Other Resources   Directories   Association Directory Best of Business Buyer’s Guide Top-Operators List   Community Expo Store Vendor Locator Magazine HOT PICKS: Events Galleries Marketing Technology Real Estate REITs Top-Ops List Buyer's Guide Portable Storage ...MORE TOPICS Contact Us Media Kit Privacy Policy Inside Self-Storage Site Wide Content Feed Inside Self-Storage Facebook Inside Self-Storage LinkedIN Inside Self-Storage Twitter Events ISS Expo ISS Pavilion at Buildex Developers Conference Media ISS Store Self-Storage Talk Self-Storage TV ISS Magazine ISS Resources Digital Issues Image Galleries Slideshows Whitepapers ISS Vendor Locator Directories Association Directory Best of Business Buyer's Guide Top-Operators Copyright © 2016, Informa Exhibitions LLC. All rights reserved. © 2017 Informa Exhibitions LLC. All rights reserved.  
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment This Week's Batman Holds The Next Big Clue About DC's Rebirth And The Watchmen Overwatch, But Also With Cats Final Fantasy 7's Cast, Revised The Guardians Of The Galaxy Game, Based On The Guardians Of The Galaxy Comic, Is Getting Its Own Guardians Of The Galaxy Comic Esports Tekken 7 Competitor Trash Talks His Way To Tournament Victory Fighting Game Pro Has A Habit Of Taking Off His Shirt And Losing Esports Will Become A Medal Event At The 2022 Asian Games Car Crash Pile-Up Knocks Forza Racer Out Of Invitational Xbox Shaolin Shuffle Is Infinity Ward's Best Call Of Duty Zombies Map Yet Microsoft Thinks An Awesome PC Gaming Feature Is Coming To TVs When Old Call Of Duty Comes To Xbox One, Malicious Hacks Come With It Watching GTA 5 Firefighters Try To Put Out Fires Is The Gift That Keeps On Giving PlayStation The Music Of Horizon Zero Dawn: Building A World Of Beautiful Nature, Tribal Life, And Robots A Spoiler-Packed Chat About Horizon Zero Dawn's Excellent Story Horizon Zero Dawn's Best Armour Makes The Game Even More Fun Horizon Zero Dawn Uses All Sorts Of Clever Tricks To Look So Good Nintendo The 30 Games I'd Most Like To See On SNES Classic Mario Kart 8 Switch Makes Battle Mode So Much Better Looks Like Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Gets Rid Of Controversial 'Fire-Hopping' Technique Lego City Undercover Runs Almost As Well On Switch As On PS4 PC Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) Thank Goodness They're Still Making FMV Games In 2017 Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator Is An Amazing Time-Waster Why In The World People Love Carmen Sandiego Mobile We Rate Dogs' Mobile Game Is H*ckin' Bad You Can Get Grim Fandango On Your Phone For Bugger All Everyone Is Apparently Playing A Game Called 'Ballz' Here's What The Next Professor Layton Looks Like In Real Life A Japanese Snack Food Commercial For Metal Gear Solid Fans Blade Runner Pistol Is Being Turned Into A Water Gun How Would You Improve Mario Kart? Amazon Confirms It's Coming To Australia Retro ScribbleTaku 24 Years Later, The Sonic The Hedgehog Cartoon Is Still Charming The Disney Afternoon Collection's Rewind Button Makes A Big Difference The 'Fairy Trick' Wind Waker HD Shows The Brutal Role RNG Can Play In Speedrunning Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) The Music Of Horizon Zero Dawn: Building A World Of Beautiful Nature, Tribal Life, And Robots A Spoiler-Packed Chat About Horizon Zero Dawn's Excellent Story The 30 Games I'd Most Like To See On SNES Classic The 30 Games I'd Most Like To See On SNES Classic Chris Kohler Apr 20, 2017, 12:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  feature mini snes snes Share All images courtesy VG Museum Considering Nintendo's bizarre decision-making process, it's nice to hear that the company may be doing the correct and obvious thing and releasing a SNES Classic this holiday season. Here are the games I'd put on it if I were in charge. Now, I should point out that the existence of a mini-SNES is not official yet, but it's being reported by Eurogamer, which blew the Switch wide open before its unveiling, so… maybe? Super Nintendo nostalgia seems, these days, to be much more powerful than the longing for the days of 8-bit, so such a product could be far more successful than the NES Classic. (That's assuming that Nintendo doesn't manufacture a half-dozen of them and sell them at a single Wal-Mart in Poughkeepsie, which I'm not ready to rule out yet.) The following is not just a pie-in-the-sky wish list of games I liked as a 90s teen. I respect you too much to inflict that upon you. This is a real attempt at crafting a feasible list of games that Nintendo could re-publish in 2017. So as much as I agree that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles IV: Turtles In Time or NBA Jam were pivotal elements of the SNES experience, Nintendo's highly unlikely to want to pay for those licenses again. And as much as I'd like to, we can't just load the whole damn thing up with Square Enix RPGs. So I've tried to balance out the genres, the mix of first- and third-party software, and single-player versus multiplayer gaming. 1. Super Mario World 2. The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past 3. Super Metroid The SNES only had one (traditional) Mario, one Zelda, and one Metroid, and not only are they three of the best games on the system, they're quite frankly three of the best games on any system that they're available on. Shoo-ins, the whole group of them. 4. Earthbound The SNES is home to one of the most personal, touching, brilliant role-playing games ever made. Maybe it will even get some new fans by being included in this collection! We can only dream. 5. Super Punch-Out!! Closer in aesthetic and gameplay to the original arcade games than the NES version, Super Punch-Out!! continues the series' long-held traditions of rhythm-based, pattern-matching boxing action and lighthearted ethnic stereotyping. 6. Donkey Kong Country 7. Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy's Kong Quest I only ever played the first DKC and wasn't a big fan, but I'm putting it here for you, Rareware fans. Plus its supposedly better sequel. But not the third instalment. This is all you get. 8. Kirby Super Star 9. Kirby's Dream Land 3 10. Kirby's Dream Course Kirby is a surprisingly popular franchise, so I feel pretty good about three of the SNES Classic's slots being taken up by his games, especially since they're so diverse — Dream Land is a traditional adventure, Super Star is a collection of mini-games, and Kirby's Dream Course is actually a wonderful spin on miniature golf. 11. Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island 12. Star Fox Here's where we get into potential trouble, as Nintendo has never re-released any of its games that originally used the Super FX coprocessor chip. Licensing issues, perhaps? Either way, the release of the SNES Classic should be good enough reason for Nintendo to get all that worked out, because these two games really should be on there. (This would also be a great time for Nintendo to finally release the canceled Star Fox 2, now that I think of it.) 13. Pilotwings 14. F-Zero Launch games ahoy! Not the fondly remembered classic that Super Mario World was, but still good (and, again, balance out our genre diversity a little more). 15. Super Mario Kart This reminds me that, unlike what it did with the NES Classic, Nintendo really, really needs to get some extra controllers into the market for SNES Classic. Playing Mario Kart alone would be a bummer. 16. Tetris Attack I know I said that there won't be any games with licenses that Nintendo has to pay for, but hear me out: This brilliant puzzle game never should have had Tetris in the title to begin with, so this is a perfect time for Nintendo to do its own ROM hacking, take out the T-word, and rename this to Yoshi's Puzzle League. The NES Classic's game library was just about half Nintendo, half third parties, so I'm keeping that balance for my list. Ideally, Nintendo would deal with as few third parties as possible for this system to keep the business end more manageable. Here are the four outside software makers I think they should be working with this time: 17. Demon's Crest 18. Final Fight 2 19. Mega Man X3 20. Street Fighter II Turbo: Hyper Fighting From Capcom's massive stable of Super NES classics, I'd suggest these. There are many Street Fighter games on the SNES, but you really only need one, so let's go with the classic Turbo. I'd suggest the first Final Fight if the SNES version wasn't such an unholy mess; the sequel at least has a two-player mode! I figure one Mega Man is enough, so X3 is probably the best pick. And then there's the wonderful Demon's Crest. 21. Super Castlevania IV 22. Contra III 23. Castlevania Dracula X 24. Gradius III Konami, for all its major flaws, is at least all-in on Virtual Console, so it should be rewarded with four slots on the SNES Classic. Like the NES Classic I think it should have two Castlevania games and one Contra. Gradius III gives the SNES Classic a single outer-space shmup, although you could swap this out with Axelay if you like. 25. Wild Guns 26. Pocky & Rocky I have a soft spot in my heart for plucky li'l Natsume, and I think two of its SNES games would help to round out the lineup here and add in some two-player goodness: Wild Guns is a cooperative shooting-gallery type game with a Western aesthetic, and Pocky is an adorable top-down scrolling shooter starring a priestess and her tanuki pal. 27. Secret of Mana 28. Final Fantasy VI 29. Chrono Trigger 30. Actraiser Square Enix, Square Enix. You're the big question: will you play ball? Japan's premier RPG publisher put the original Final Fantasy on the NES Classic (and Final Fantasy III on the mini Famicom released in Japan), so it's clearly not against having its products included on these devices. I'm fairly sure it would let Actraiser, a brilliant combo of Castlevania-style action and town-building simulation, go for a song. But Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy III, and Secret of Mana? One thing's for sure — when would-be buyers say that they'd kill for a SNES Classic, these are the games they're saying they would do a murder for. And that's my 30. For the statisticians among you, some numbers: Games with multiplayer: 14/30. By genre (roughly): 12 Action, 2 Action/Adventure, 1 Fighting, 1 Puzzle, 4 Shooting, 4 RPGs, 5 quote-unquote "Sports," and 1 Magically Undefinable. Games that have already been released on some platform's Virtual Console in the U.S.: 26/30. Agree? Disagree? Feel free to let me know; just please don't say Shaq Fu. WATCH MORE: Nintendo News Comments claymore35 @claymore35 Apr 20, 2017, 12:03pm Shadowrun Reply 4 fester @fester Apr 20, 2017, 1:36pm Most definitely Shadowrun Other games I would like to see; Terranigma Cybernator Illusion of Time Secret of Evermore (I actually liked this one !! ) R-Type 3 Super Double Dragon Rock n Roll Racing Black Hawk (or Blackthorne to the US crowd) Reply 0 claymore35 @claymore35 Apr 20, 2017, 2:03pm ROCK N ROLL RACING!!!!! so much yes. Reply 0 icemann @icemann Apr 20, 2017, 1:56pm Definitely Shadowrun. Some others: * Actraiser * Axelay * Chronotrigger * Contra 3 * Desert Strike * Donkey Kong Country * Final Fantasy 6 * Final Fight * Illusion of Time * Megaman X * Mighty Morphen Power Rangers * Mortal Kombat 1 & 2 * Secret of Mana 1 & 2 * Shin Megami Tensei 1 & 2 (translated to english) * Sim City * Soul Blaser * Starfox (Starwing in PAL territories) * Street Fighter 2 * Super Castlevania 4 * Super Ghouls'n'Ghosts * Super Mario Allstars + Mario World * Super Mario Kart * Super Metroid * SWIV * Terranigma * Tetris Battle Gaiden (translated) * Turtles in Time Reply 0 slyph @slyph Apr 20, 2017, 12:05pm If Square-Enix is onboard, this will be so much win. Having said that, would happily give Super Mario World, Metroid, Yoshi's Island and the like another go in a heartbeat. Reply 0 WiseHacker @wisehacker Apr 20, 2017, 12:09pm I wonder if the Japanese version will have some of the Satellaview games. Given the madness of the Western versions, if such a model appears on Amazon I'll just nab it there. Bones can only knit so fast. Reply 0 mrjocks @mrjocks Apr 20, 2017, 12:12pm "Super Mario World 2: Yoshi's Island 12. Star Fox Here's where we get into potential trouble, as Nintendo has never re-released any of its games that originally used the Super FX coprocessor chip." I think you better check out Super Mario Advance 3... A rose by any other name and all that. I'd throw in Terranigma, Legend of the Mystical Ninja, Parodius and NBA Jam: TE. Turf out Pocky and Rocky, F-Zero, Gradius III and one of the Castlevania games. Reply 0 leigh @leigh Apr 20, 2017, 12:15pm Oh, just download them roms. Oh, just hack together something retro that's already out. Oh, there will never be enough for me to get one. Oh, this is just a blatant cash grab. Oh, why would anybody want to play crappy games from the 90s anyway. Oh this oh that. Whine whine whine. Ahem. Kohler's got the right of it, we shouldn't be expecting Nintendo to try and please everybody and then ending up pleasing nobody. It's going to have a curated list of games, no matter what you say. I wouldn't mind this strategy though: SNES Classic: Sports edition SNES Classic: Platformers edition SNES Classic: Licensed Movie Crap edition Reply 0 Techneon @techneon Apr 20, 2017, 12:59pm SNES Classic: Licensed Movie Crap edition I'm not sure if this is the best or worst thing, but I'd want one Reply 1 MushaConvoy @mushaconvoy Apr 20, 2017, 12:19pm Didn't Nintendo just discontinue the NES Classic? Reply 0 Kasterix @kasterix Apr 20, 2017, 12:22pm The lack of Battletoads is concerning, sir. Reply 0 foggy @foggy Apr 20, 2017, 12:37pm Yeah, Battletoads and Killer Instinct were SNES staples. Not the biggest problem with buying a $100 system to run $5 worth of games on hardware less powerful than the average microwave clock though. Reply 0 matt1234 @matt1234 Apr 20, 2017, 12:28pm Even though it's only a compilation of NES games i'd like to see super mario all stars. And Plok. And Bubsy. Reply 0 Transientmind @transientmind Apr 20, 2017, 12:28pm Oh God. I need to go dig up my old library. So much good SNES shit that easily stands the test of time. Reply 1 WiseHacker @wisehacker Apr 20, 2017, 12:58pm [When Transientmind finally does so, he finds said collection replaced with a jar of Vegemite for each game] Reply 1 Transientmind @transientmind Apr 20, 2017, 2:31pm They would make a movie about my wrathful vengeance in such a scenario, but it'd never make it past our censors. Reply 1 WiseHacker @wisehacker Apr 20, 2017, 2:36pm Hahahaha! Do your worst! Violence doesn't work on me! You have to get creative! Reply 0 Transientmind @transientmind Apr 20, 2017, 2:46pm I'm going to manufacture some stats to prove overwhelming support for outmoded, debunked marketing and distribution techniques abandoned as exploitative and anti-consumer by modern companies years ago, and successfully pitch them to Nintendo, who will use them to inflict misery upon the gaming community. Reply 1 WiseHacker @wisehacker Apr 20, 2017, 2:48pm Er, what? I already know that Nintendo hasn't changed since the 1880s. Reply 0 Transientmind @transientmind Apr 20, 2017, 2:52pm Call me Keyser Söze. Reply 0 WiseHacker @wisehacker Apr 20, 2017, 2:55pm I'll let you have this; mostly because I have no idea what you are talking about. Reply 1 boomdizzle @boomdizzle Apr 20, 2017, 12:28pm Lufia, hands down. Reply 0 foggy @foggy Apr 20, 2017, 12:33pm Who has the household space to keep buying this shit? Does everyone have HDMI adapter boxes and unlimited space under their TV’s? Does it not annoy you having 500 unnecessary (cabled) controllers laying around the house? I just don’t get it. Nintendo HAS a flagship console that’s also a handheld and can run all these games. The last three phones I owned can run all these games! The Switch comes with not one but TWO controllers designed to mimic a SNES controller. Most people who’ll buy this have already rebought these titles somewhere between one and five times already. I swear Nintendo fans are the biggest chumps on the planet, EA are consumer friendly compared to these guys. Reply 0 leigh @leigh Apr 20, 2017, 12:38pm I don't ever understand this angst people have towards a corporation. It's like Nintendo's a bank or an insurance company. Did a SNES fall on you from a great height as a child? Reply 1 foggy @foggy Apr 20, 2017, 1:02pm It’s nothing against the NES, or the SNES, or the N64! I love those machines. It’s because they have a monopoly on their own content (1st party games) and they drip feed it to their fans in the most complicated, annoying, anti-consumer way possible. There’s about 2000 ways they could provide you with this content without making you buy a stand-alone machine, it’s just a comical waste of money and resources. Couldn’t the games be packaged as a $20 download on the Switch to encourage people to buy them? Couldn’t they have done that on the struggling WiiU, or Wii…. or Gamecube? If Nintendo can make $1,000,000 selling a great product to 100,000 people; or the same amount selling a shitty, overpriced, intentionally hampered product to 10,000 people; they’ll take the second option every single time. I mean I get that people want a physical mini-SNES and that’s fine- but there’s other pricing options that don’t involve stand-alone hardware (that fucks the planet BTW) that would allow their fans to play the games they want and Nintendo to make a profit. They just go WAAAAY out of their way to make it hard to be a Nintendo fan. Reply 1 wa1dofoo @wa1dofoo Apr 20, 2017, 1:30pm All fair points, and I agree with you. However - these are gonna sell like hotcakes, and they're gonna make substantial profit. From a business perspective, it's a no brainer. I won't be supporting it though. Reply 0 foggy @foggy Apr 20, 2017, 1:51pm I know they’ll make a huge profit, I’m just saying that they’ll make that profit in a way that sucks for their fans. It’s the same decision making process that governs the way their price all their hardware, their policies on region locking, their policies on “perceived value” that prevent resellers from discounting their games, their policies in staggered release dates… in all cases they make decisions that make being a Nintendo fan expensive and difficult. It IS possible to make huge profits by providing good products to a broader audience at a fair price. Reply 0 leigh @leigh Apr 20, 2017, 1:39pm And now I'm in the unenviable position millions of other internet commenters are in of trying to be seen as continuing the conversation, and not as 'defending' as so many people would say one does if they attempt to address what you've raised. Seriously though, it's the broader issue of content curation and the way a business handles it. Nintendo have a problem all their own, thanks to their own success, I suppose. A lot of people who aren't us yearn for plug-and-play consoles. This sort of strategy isn't for everybody, but Nintendo sees a market there, obviously.' Who the hell is talking outwardly and openly about the NES Classic's games in forums like this, like we do about games just released or about to be? Sites like Kotaku/etc that revolve around games being 24/7 news makers simply do not see Nintendo and its stuff fitting into their business models as much as say, Steam or titty games on the Vita. That's just the way it is. So while we may not the fruits (we want) of Nintendo's labour, others seem to be. I don't equate a fan of a sport to instantly like, worship, and obey everything that sport's corporate entity does, but in games we seem to lash out at anybody who dares to be positive about - yes, at the end day - company decisions. Similarly, I can like one or two Marvel movies but overall dislike what Marvel the movie company has been doing, in a business sense, over the period of time they've all come out. Reply 1 foggy @foggy Apr 20, 2017, 2:13pm As I said above, it’s not just content curation in this case. Have a look at the consumer friendliness of their policies on: Hardware pricing- making a profit on hardware at the expense of sales. Bad for the consumer. Software pricing- ‘perceived value’ model prevents customers from accessing cheaper software. Bad for the consumer. Region locking- most resistant of the big three. Allows them to stagger release dates and overcharge in each region. Bad for the consumer. Provision of classic software- drip feeding classic software, reselling multiple times, generally making life suck. Bad for the consumer. In every case, they could chose a win/win business model that would have provided a better, more accessible product to a broader audience. They ALWAYS choose the anti-consumer option and it makes being a Nintendo fan a massive pain. Unfortunately, because (as you noted) so many of us are zealots who simply refuse to hold them to account for their business practices they continue to make a healthy profit by behaving like assholes. Also Microsoft got plenty of attention (and articles like this one) when they released 30-odd Rare Replay games across 6 systems for $30. Reply 1 leigh @leigh Apr 20, 2017, 2:53pm What about all the factory people working under slave conditions to put together the consoles as well? I don't think reaching for such extreme examples helps your case. Again, Nintendo's a business that you think did something like BP did during the oil spill. Those are bad policies, people and the environment actually suffered. The ramifications of business decisions and debating whether they are good or bad seems to be where every video-game news story on the planet seems to head. Something as innocuous as postulating what could feature on a console not even actually announced - literal vapourware - gets us here. That's bananas. I can't tell, is Microsoft the world's best or the world's worst for Rare Replay from where you sit? Reply 0 foggy @foggy Apr 20, 2017, 3:38pm BP?!? What? Obviously I’m talking about a game company here. I don’t know how those four examples are ‘extreme’. The pricing and availability of a product is kinda a key interaction between a games business and the consumer. You tell me if MS deserves props for Rare Replay: 30 games for 30 bucks, including six last-gen titles and HD remasters of Banjo Kazooie/ Tooie and Perfect Dark (with online play added). For that price on the Nintendo store I could buy: The 6 year old remake of Star Fox 64 on 3DS; or Two emulated N64 games on the Wii. The 3DS remake of Ocarina of Time costs more than twice as much. I couldn’t think of a better way to illustrate a point. Reply 0 energydrinkhigh @energydrinkhigh Apr 20, 2017, 12:40pm Illusion of Time. Reply 4 scuz @scuz Apr 20, 2017, 1:02pm Combo pack of Secret of Mana, Secret of Evermore and Illusion of Time would be mad. Reply 0 WhitePointer @whitepointer Apr 20, 2017, 2:16pm Except all of those games are made by different companies and/or are not in the same series. It would make more sense if: - Pack with Secret of Mana and (finally) an official English localisation of Seiken Densetsu 3 - Pack with Soul Blazer, Illusion of Time (known as Illusion of Gaia in the US) and Terranigma - Secret of Evermore as a standalone thing (it's not connected to the Mana series at all) Other games on my wishlist would be: Donkey Kong Country (all three, even though the third one is the weakest it's still a great game), Super Mario World, Yoshi's Island, Super Metroid, A Link to the Past, Castlevania: Dracula X, Super Castlevania IV, Super Punch-Out!!, Mortal Kombat II, Street Fighter II Turbo, Super Mario Kart, Tetris Attack, Chrono Trigger, at least one of the SNES Final Fantasy games (FFVI if I needed to choose one), F-Zero, Starwing (Star Fox to Americans), Unirally, TMNT: Turtles in Time, The Lost Vikings 1 and 2 (seriously 2 is fantastic), Killer Instinct, Battletoads in Battlemaniacs, Zombies ate my Neighbours, Blackthorne, Plok, Clayfighter 1 and 2, Claymates, Earthbound, Flashback, Jurassic Park, Mega Man X, Revolution X, Super Smash TV, Super R-Type, Super Bomberman 3 or 5 (pick one), Super Ghouls 'n Ghosts, Super Mario RPG, Zool, Hagane, Contra III, Micro Machines 1 and 2, Desert/Jungle/Urban Strike, Eye of the Beholder, Breath of Fire 1 and 2, Lufia 1 and 2, Theme Park, Civilisation... Uhhh...I think I've gone over my limit... Reply 0 wa1dofoo @wa1dofoo Apr 20, 2017, 1:31pm Oh god I thought no one else shared my love for Illusion of Time! It's firmly locked in my memory bank as a 12 year old kid. Such nostalgia. Reply 0 claymore35 @claymore35 Apr 20, 2017, 12:43pm I forgot True Lies and Unirally...and Bubsy and NHL... now I'm just being greedy. TBH it doesn't matter what games they release on it from a consumers point of view, as long as they have a basic level of Youtube comprehension we'll just add our own libraries to the console like we did with the mini nes. Reply 1 B-ob @beeawwb Apr 20, 2017, 12:45pm Terranigma, if only to give it a release in the USA. Reply 1 WhitePointer @whitepointer Apr 20, 2017, 12:50pm Why restrict it to 30 games? The NES arguably didn't have a huge selection of top quality titles to choose from but the SNES has a plethora of them. Why not put in 40 games? Reply 1 thatteemo @thatteemo Apr 20, 2017, 2:24pm Why even sell one when you can sell a Snes Classic 2 to your hungry consumers ;) Reply 1 WarConsigliere Guest Apr 20, 2017, 1:01pm The two Mutant League games, Shadowrun, Super Star Wars (all three, please), Lemmings, the Lost Vikings, Micro Machines 2, Madden 96, NHLPA Hockey 93, NBA Jam, Star Fleet Academy, SimCity, Ultima 7, WITWI Carmen Sandiego? and Zombies Ate My Neighbours. Reply 0 tichey @tichey Apr 20, 2017, 1:11pm Whatever we get, hopefully they wont make a pitifully short amount of them Last edited April 20, 2017 1:12 pm Reply 0 quinsta @quinsta Apr 20, 2017, 1:31pm Super Mario RPG would make a Mini SNES a 100% buy for me. Reply 0 robbie.p Guest Apr 20, 2017, 1:42pm C'mon, how about Zombies Ate My Neighbors or Ghoul Patrol ? Reply 1 finishedlast @finishedlast Apr 20, 2017, 2:01pm Super Mario Allstars, 4 games for the price of 1. The remastered graphics and music more than make up for the repeat inclusion from the NES Classic. Reply 1 Braaains @braaains Apr 20, 2017, 2:05pm If the controller is still wired on this thing then Nintendo can go fuck themselves. Reply 0 claymore35 @claymore35 Apr 20, 2017, 2:53pm As much as I echo this sentiment we know it will be to tie in with the whole "retro" vibe. How about a compromise? A 5 mtr cable this time round hey guys? Or a 10 mtr HDMI? My eyes are cactus enough without having to sit 3 feet away from my tv..and Lord help me when it gets wall mounted. Reply 0 Braaains @braaains Apr 20, 2017, 4:35pm Nah, I know wired controllers are the historically accurate thing, but in that case the games should all come on cartridges and it should have a coax cable to plug into the TV's antenna socket. It's 2017. Wireless controllers are non-negotiable. Reply 0 Be My Guest Apr 20, 2017, 3:22pm I'm not even going to add more titles, because this article and comment section already got me like I'm twelve years old again Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The 30 Games I'd Most Like To See On SNES Classic Chris Kohler 20 Apr 2017 12:00 PM All images courtesy VG Museum Considering Nintendo's bizarre decision-making process, it's nice to hear that the company may be doing the correct and obvious thing and releasing a SNES Classic this holiday season. Here are the games I'd put on it if I were in charge. How Do You Feel About The Nintendo Switch Now? Alex Walker 19 Apr 2017 11:15 AM The Switch has been out for around six weeks now, so it's a good time to ask. if you picked one up, or were thinking about grabbing one, how have you found it? Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Navigate The Right Way With This Smart Phone Car Mount Deals: Learn How To Build Android Apps For Whatever Price You Want Deals: Master Raspberry Pi With This Hands-On Training Bundle Read Deals: The Dash Cam Deal You've Been Looking For Trending Articles 1 The 30 Games I'd Most Like To See On SNES Classic 2 How Do You Feel About The Nintendo Switch Now? 3 Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) More Evidence That Aliens Aren't Trying To Communicate With Us The Sea Turtle That Ate 915 Coins Did Not Die In Vain HBO Is Making A Fahrenheit 451 Movie Starring Michael B. Jordan And Michael Shannon What Would Life On Saturn's Moon Enceladus Look Like? A Japanese Snack Food Commercial For Metal Gear Solid Fans Shaolin Shuffle Is Infinity Ward's Best Call Of Duty Zombies Map Yet Blade Runner Pistol Is Being Turned Into A Water Gun Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) Why Understanding Food Serving Sizes Is Important For Weight Loss The Differences Between Pull-Ups And Chin-Ups Here's Some Data On What Everyone Earns, According To The ATO I'm Jason Fried, CEO Of Basecamp, And This Is How I Work AUSTRALIAN STOCKS NUDGE HIGHER: Here's what you need to know MACQUARIE: The iron ore price drop isn't over yet SURVEY: 82% of investors think more firms will set up in Europe because of Brexit The Conservatives look unbeatable right now in the British election race © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hanley Investment Group Completes Sale of Brand New Single-Tenant Starbucks at Record-Breaking Cap Rate in Bakersfield “Hanley Investment Group Completes Sale of Brand New Single-Tenant Starbucks at Record-Breaking Cap Rate in Bakersfield” BAKERSFIELD, Calif. – Hanley Investment Group Real Estate Advisors, a nationally-recognized real estate brokerage and advisory firm specializing in retail property sales, announced today that the firm has completed the sale of a brand-new construction single-tenant corporate Starbucks with a drive-thru located in Bakersfield, Calif. The purchase price of $2.65 million represented a cap rate of 4.09 percent and $1,432 psf. According to CoStar, this sale achieved a record low cap rate for a single-tenant Starbucks in Bakersfield and a record high price per square foot in the city. Hanley Investment Group Executive Vice President Bill Asher and Associate Jeff Lefko and represented the seller, Evergreen Development. Spanning the last 42 years, Evergreen is a national retail and multi-family development company with heavy emphasis on developing projects in California, Colorado, Arizona and now Utah. The buyer, a private investor from Los Angeles, was represented by Joe Bolognese of Major Properties Real Estate in Los Angeles. Built in 2017, the 1,850-square-foot building is situated in the southeast quadrant of Colony Street and Panama Lane in Bakersfield on .81 acres. The property is in close proximity to the 99 Freeway Panama Lane on/off ramp, benefitting from more than 128,000 cars per day and nearby national and regional credit tenants including Walmart Supercenter, Albertsons, Aldi, AutoZone, Carl’s Jr., Family Dollar, In-N-Out, Jack in the Box, Lowe’s, O’Reilly Auto Parts, McDonald’s, Pizza Hut, Sleep Train, Vallarta Supermarkets and Walgreens. Traffic is also driven to the area by the nearby Bakersfield Auto Mall, made up of 21 different major auto dealerships. Additionally, there are multiple new housing developments from builders Lennar, CalAtlantic and Legacy Homes in the surrounding area. Lefko adds that there are approximately 223,000 people with an average household income of nearly $62,000 within a five-mile radius of the property. “We utilized our extensive database to procure an all-cash 1031 exchange buyer prior to formally marketing the property,” said Asher. “Additionally, we facilitated a successful pre-sale strategy and closed escrow approximately one month prior to Starbucks formally opening for business and paying rent.”   According to Asher, “Starbucks was originally located at the northeast corner of Panama Lane and Colony Street since September 2004, without a drive-thru. The new location (with a drive-thru) is scheduled to formally open at the end of April and will draw from an established customer base in the trade area for over 12 years.” Asher commented, “Average store sales are significantly greater in Starbucks locations that have a drive-thru, which has created a goal for Starbucks to have drive-thrus in half of its stores by 2020. By 2019, Starbucks expects to grow from $16 billion to $30 billion in revenue, with 60 percent of all new locations including a drive-thru.” “Single-tenant Starbucks properties continue to be one of the most sought-after triple-net investments from private investors across the country,” said Asher. ”Corporate Starbucks sites typically offer strong underlying real estate fundamentals combined with a long-term corporate guaranteed lease and rental escalations, providing investors with a secure income stream and rental escalations as a hedge against inflation.”  About Evergreen Development Founded in 1974, Evergreen specializes in retail and multi-family development. Working throughout the nation, Evergreen has earned a reputation as an industry leader by delivering high-quality real estate developments and services reliably, efficiently and cost effectively. The company has over 50 employees with offices in Arizona, California, Colorado and a newly opened office in Utah. Evergreen has completed more than 500 development projects. For more information, visit www.evgre.com. About Hanley Investment Group  Hanley Investment Group Real Estate Advisors is a retail investment advisory firm with a $5 billion transaction track record nationwide, who works closely with individual investors, lending institutions, developers, and institutional property owners in every facet of the transaction to ensure that the highest value is achieved. For more information, visit www.hanleyinvestment.com. Media Contact Company Name: Hanley Investment Group Real Estate Advisors Contact Person: Jeff Lefko Email: jlefko@hanleyinvestment.com Phone: 949.585.7682 City: Corona del Mar State: California Country: United States Website: http://www.hanleyinvestment.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBuilding & Construction, Business, Personal Finance, Real Estate, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rimini Street veröffentlicht vorläufige Finanzergebnisse für das erste Quartal des Geschäftsjahres 2017 Next PostNext Membranes Market Growing at a CAGR of 10.3% During 2016 to 2021 – ReportsnReports Search Recent Posts Membranes Market Growing at a CAGR of 10.3% During 2016 to 2021 – ReportsnReports Hanley Investment Group Completes Sale of Brand New Single-Tenant Starbucks at Record-Breaking Cap Rate in Bakersfield Rimini Street veröffentlicht vorläufige Finanzergebnisse für das erste Quartal des Geschäftsjahres 2017 Council on Recovery Receives Major Grant to Expand CHOICES™ High-Risk Behavior Prevention Program IMF Video: Press Briefing: Global Financial Stabiity Report Proudly powered by WordPress
50 former Montesi employees reunite and reconnect - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News Amber Alert: Elizabeth Thomas My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Weather Road Show Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities 50 former Montesi employees reunite and reconnect 2017-04-20T02:10:41Z2017-04-20T02:58:23Z By WMCActionNews5.com Staff Email Connect desk@wmctv.com (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Before Kroger moved into the Memphis market and before Walmart became a supermarket force, the name Fred Montesi reigned as grocery store king in the Bluff City. Thursday night over 50 former employees of the Memphis based Fred Montesi supermarkets gathered together to catch up. The employees reunited and talked about the 'good ole days' 34 y ears after Montesi's Grocery Store closed its doors. "When we were together, we worked as a family, as a unit, everybody got along with each other and everything," Samuel Cavieness, former employee, said. The former employees said reuniting with their colleagues after all these years did their hearts good. They hope to get together again in the future to take a stroll down memory lane. Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Judge demands owners stop intruders entering vacant skyscraper Judge demands owners stop intruders entering vacant skyscraper Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 12:07 AM EDT2017-04-20 04:07:17 GMT (Source: adarrylljacksonsr via Instagram) From fires to photo shoots, the vacant skyscraper at 100 North Main in Downtown Memphis is a sore spot for folks who live and work near the building. More >> From fires to photo shoots, the vacant skyscraper at 100 North Main in Downtown Memphis is a sore spot for folks who live and work near the building.More >> Church locked down after armed, dangerous suspect chased across 2 counties Church locked down after armed, dangerous suspect chased across 2 counties Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 11:44 PM EDT2017-04-20 03:44:40 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) Officials are searching for an armed suspect after a chase that stretched across two counties.    More >> Officials are searching for an armed suspect after a chase that stretched across two counties.   More >> Giannini defense claims no physical evidence of rape Giannini defense claims no physical evidence of rape Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 11:42 PM EDT2017-04-20 03:42:12 GMT Mark Giannini (Source: Shelby County Sheriff's Office) The trial continues for West Tennessee businessman Mark Giannini. Giannini is accused of raping a woman after she came to his home for what she believed was a job interview. More >> The trial continues for West Tennessee businessman Mark Giannini. Giannini is accused of raping a woman after she came to his home for what she believed was a job interview. More >> Tickets on sale for 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Tickets on sale for 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 11:11 PM EDT2017-04-20 03:11:32 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) St. Jude Dream Home tickets are on sale now! Tickets will sell out quickly, so don't delay reserving your tickets. More >> St. Jude Dream Home tickets are on sale now! Tickets will sell out quickly, so don't delay reserving your tickets.More >> 50 former Montesi employees reunite and reconnect 50 former Montesi employees reunite and reconnect Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 10:58 PM EDT2017-04-20 02:58:23 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) Before Kroger moved into the Memphis market and before Walmart became a supermarket force, the name Fred Montesi reigned as grocery store king in the Bluff City.  More >> Before Kroger moved into the Memphis market and before Walmart became a supermarket force, the name Fred Montesi reigned as grocery store king in the Bluff City. More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Jackson high schooler's prom outfit goes viral Jackson high schooler's prom outfit goes viral Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 11:16 PM EDT2017-04-20 03:16:42 GMT Source: Facebook She set the internet on fire this weekend and today we caught up with Jackson native Faith Thigpen as she was being professionally photographed in her blinged out prom jumpsuit. More >> She set the internet on fire this weekend and today we caught up with Jackson native Faith Thigpen as she was being professionally photographed in her blinged out prom jumpsuit.More >> Breaking ALEA issues missing child alert after suspect steals car with baby inside ALEA issues missing child alert after suspect steals car with baby inside Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 1:27 AM EDT2017-04-20 05:27:34 GMT   Bessemer police say someone stole a car from a convenience store with a 19-month-old baby still inside.More >>   Bessemer police say someone stole a car from a convenience store with a 19-month-old baby still inside.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Learn more msn back to msn home news Web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines UK News General Election World Report Weird News Video Photos My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel News Sections UK News World Report EU Referendum US News Weird News Photos Videos AdChoices How a community changed by refugees came to embrace Trump Associated Press By CLAIRE GALOFARO, Associated Press 5 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Girl outsmarts carjacker and saves little sister Lives at risk if Tories choose to cut UK foreign aid target, says Bill Gates © The Associated Press A U.S. flag hangs at the Franco American Heritage Center as a woman enters to attend the local high school's pre-prom fashion show in Lewiston, Maine, Thursday, March 16, 2017. Maine is the whitest state in America, 95 percent white, and its citizens were abruptly confronted with hundreds of black Muslims, traumatized by war and barely able to speak English. (AP Photo/David Goldman) LEWISTON, Maine — Richard Rodrigue stood in the back of a banquet hall, watching his blond-haired, blue-eyed daughter mingle among her high school classmates. These teenagers speak dozens of languages, and hail from a dozen African nations. They fled brutal civil war, famine, oppressive regimes to find themselves here, at an ordinary high school pre-prom fete in this once-dying New England mill town, revived by an influx of some 7,500 immigrants over the last 16 years. Rodrigue smiled and waved at his daughter, proud she is a part of it: "It will help her in life," he said. "The world is not all white." Rodrigue believes the refugees resuscitated his town — plugging the population drain that had threatened to cripple it, opening shops and restaurants in boarded-up storefronts. But he also agrees with Donald Trump that there should be no more of them, at least not now. America is struggling, he says, and needs to take care of its own before it takes care of anyone else. His working-class community, built along the banks of the Androscoggin River in the whitest state in America, is a place that some point to as proof that refugee integration can work. And yet for the first time in 30 years, voters in Androscoggin County chose a Republican for president, endorsing Trump's nativist zeal against the very sort of immigrants who share their streets and their schools. Rodrigue knows he was born on the winning end of the American dream. His grandfather fled poverty in Quebec and moved to Maine to toil his whole life in the textile mills. He never learned English, faced hate and discrimination. Two generations later, Rodrigue owns a successful security company, lives in a tidy house in a quiet neighborhood and makes plans to send his daughter to college. Immigration worked for him. But it feels different today, as the county of 107,000 people tries to find its footing. The sprawling brick mills that line the river sit mostly shuttered. A quarter of children grow up poor. Taxpayers pick up the welfare tab. So Trump's supporters here tie their embrace of his immigration clampdown to their economic anxieties, and their belief that the newcomers are taking more than they have earned. "There's got to be a point in time when you have to say, 'Whoa, let's get the working people back up. Let's bring the money in.' But they keep coming, keep coming," Rodrigue said. His community has been an experiment in immigration and all that comes with it — friendships, fear, triumphs, setbacks — and he knows that Trump's presidency marks another chapter in that struggle for the American soul. "I guess it just boils down to: What's enough? Is that wrong? Am I wrong? Am I bad? That's how I feel." ___ No one invited the Somali refugees to Lewiston. They fled bullets and warlords to eventually be chosen for resettlement in big American cities, where they were unnerved by the crime and drugs and noise. In early 2001, a few refugee families struggling to afford housing in Portland ventured 30 miles north and found a city in retreat. Empty downtown stores were ringed by sagging apartment buildings no longer needed to house workers because so few workers remained. The refugees saw possibility in Lewiston's decay. Word spread quickly, and friends and families followed. The town morphed in a matter of months into a laboratory for what happens when culture suddenly shifts. Maine's population is 94 percent white, and its citizens were abruptly confronted with hundreds of black Muslims, traumatized by war and barely able to speak English. Ardo Mohamed came to Lewiston in 2001. She fled Mogadishu in the 1990s, when militiamen burst into the home she shared with her parents and nine siblings, and started shooting. She watched her father die, as the rest of the family escaped into the woods. They wound up in overcrowded refugee camps, separated for years, then finally Atlanta, then Lewiston. Now she fries sambusas with her sister at a shop she owns downtown. "We wanted to be safe," said the mother of five, "just like you do." When the refugees began arriving, Tabitha Beauchesne was a student at Lewiston High School. Her new classmates were poor, but Beauchesne was poor, too. She grew up in a struggling family in housing projects downtown. It felt to her then, and it still feels to her now, that the refugees got more help than her family. "They just seemed to take over," she said. She doesn't consider herself racist, though acknowledges that race and religion likely play a role in her sense that the refugees overwhelmed her community. The African Muslims, many of whom wear hijabs, stand out far more than her French-Canadian ancestors did when they arrived generations ago, she said. That perception — one of being inundated by a culture so different from her own — ingrained in her a sense of injustice so deep it persists to this day. She's now a stay-at-home mother of two, and she left Lewiston to move to another school district in the county because she believes the refugee students monopolize teachers' attention. Once a Barack Obama supporter, Beauchesne turned to Trump — and she cheers his efforts to curb the flow of refugees into the United States. She wants Trump to design a tax system that funnels less of her money to aiding those from other countries. "I just don't like giving money away that's not benefiting me and, not to sound selfish, but then seeing it benefit other people," she said. "As a business owner, my husband wouldn't donate $500 to the Salvation Army if we couldn't afford it. Our country needs to do the same thing." Taxpayers do help refugee families. Maine offers a welfare program called General Assistance, a combination of state and city funds, which provides impoverished people with vouchers for rent, utilities and food. In 2002, at the beginning of the immigrant influx, the city handed out about $343,000 in General Assistance funds, split almost evenly between native-born Mainers and refugees, according to city records. But rumors, largely unfounded, spread that the refugees were given free cars and apartments. Locals began calling City Hall to demand answers. Then-Mayor Laurier T. Raymond Jr. penned an open letter to the Somali community, asking that they divert friends and family away from a city he described as "maxed-out financially, physically and emotionally." The letter plunged Lewiston overnight into the global political cauldron. A white-supremacist group from out of state planned a rally against the Somali "invasion." Just a few people showed up. But across town 4,000 gathered in a gymnasium to support the Somalis and try to combat the reputation of Lewiston as a racist, xenophobic city that was rocketing around the world. And in that moment, the tide seemed to turn, deputy city administrator Phil Nadeau said. Even more immigrants came. Somali refugees gave way to those seeking asylum, from Angola, Burundi, Rwanda, a dozen nations in all. The immigrant population exploded from a handful of families to more than 7,000 people today, according to a tally by the Immigrant Resource Center of Maine. But the anxieties of old rarely seemed to resurface. Two years ago, immigrant children led the high school soccer team to win the state championship — a moment heralded as a triumph of cultural cooperation. Outside news crews still come from time to time, Nadeau said, and "they're always amazed that there's nothing bad to print." But around the edges of the city, in the suburbs and small towns that fill out the rest of Androscoggin County, many quietly stewed. It's there that Trump's "America First" message took root. ___ Thirty miles up the highway, Joyce Badeau greets customers by name at the hardware store where she works. She lives just outside Livermore Falls, population 3,187 — 3,035 of whom are white. She has little occasion to interact with immigrants, but her political views have been shaped by the idea of them. Badeau voted for Obama but backs Trump now, and points to his promise to rein in immigration as one reason why. "We're becoming a poor country because we're overloaded," she said. "We can't fix the system so long as we keep adding more broken pieces." She has watched the paper mills close and her neighbors lose good-paying jobs. But Badeau isn't naive; she doesn't believe Trump can make the mills roar back to life. That was a bygone era, replaced by email and iPhones. And his arrogance grates on her. But she hopes one day to turn on the news and not hear about crime and homelessness and terrorism — and she worries that someone who wants to hurt Americans might slip through porous borders. Trump promised to fix it all. If he can't, she's not sure what more America can offer immigrants. "Because they're leaving one country of problems and coming into another country of problems," she said. David Lovewell used to work at a paper mill just outside of Livermore Falls that has shed hundreds of jobs. Now he runs a logging company with his sons, but he sees a dim future for them. A few months ago, business got so bad he laid off eight employees and fell behind on his $5,500 monthly payments on the machines he uses to cut down trees. He looked down at his sneakers, bought for $25 at Wal-Mart. There used to be two shoe factories nearby. He wants Trump to stop his town's slow slip toward irrelevancy. Lovewell doesn't like to talk about immigration. He sighs and rubs his head, afraid to seem racist or indifferent to pain and poverty around the world. He went on a cruise to Belize with his wife several years ago, when he still worked at the mill and could afford a vacation. He stopped to buy a carving from an old man whose hands were so worn from years of whittling they looked like leather. He remembers those hands still, and the man's dirt-floor shack with no doors and his skinny, starving dog and the kids riding around on broken bicycles. "I struggled with it, when he did the travel ban," Lovewell said of Trump. "At the same time, I'm seeing ... people losing their jobs. Why are we so worried about immigrants coming into our country when we can't really take care of our own people?" So he's looking to Trump to strike a better balance — to build an economy where his sons don't have to battle to barely get by, and only after that design an immigration system that keeps America's promise of open arms. "I guess it could sound like bigotry," he said. "But we're hurting. Americans are hurting." ___ Politicians have seized on the discontent. Last August, candidate Trump stood on a stage in Portland and singled out the Somali community as causing a crime wave. The Lewiston police chief quickly refuted the charge — crime has decreased dramatically since the refugees arrived — but it stuck in the minds of many. Maine's Republican governor, Paul LePage, has called asylum-seekers "the biggest problem in our state," and suggested they bring danger and disease. And in Androscoggin County, Republican leaders hammer the issue of refugee resettlement on their Facebook page, with post after post about the injustice they see in taxpayers helping them with assistance. They've dubbed it "the refugee racket," and complain that the school system is forced to accommodate 34 languages. Lewiston School Superintendent Bill Webster acknowledges that does cost money. But he has a statistic he likes to share with the critics. Historically, Lewiston has had some of the lowest high school graduation rates in the state. Now, immigrant children are doing better than native-born kids. Some were illiterate in their native language when they set out to learn English. Yet an average of 78.3 percent of immigrant students graduate high school within five years, compared to an average of 73.3 percent of native students. Fifteen years ago, the school district had an enrollment of 4,500 students and falling — a sign of a city on its knees, Webster said. Today, there are 5,400 students, more than one-quarter of them immigrants, and the number is going up. And now the immigrant children who grew up here are going off to college to get degrees, as teachers, doctors, engineers. Several years ago, Webster and his wife sold their home in the suburbs and rented an apartment in downtown Lewiston, across the street from a mosque. They can stroll to dinner, past a yoga studio and a shop that sells artisan olive oil. There are also dozens of immigrant-owned businesses, like the Mogadishu Business Center — with two flags hanging in the window, one American and one Somali. Remaining vacant storefronts have signs in the windows, promising prospective buyers an opportunity to "be part of Lewiston's great rebirth." "We never have the opportunity to redo time under a different set of assumptions," Webster said. "But if the immigrant population hadn't happened, Lewiston would be a community that was contracting, and potentially in a downward death spiral." Organizations that work with immigrants nevertheless must fight on to combat deep-seated distrust. Catholic Charities publishes a fact sheet called "The Top Ten Myths about Somalis and Why They Are Wrong." It lists untruths like, "Somalis are draining the welfare coffers," ''Somalis get free apartments," even "Somalis keep live chickens in their kitchen cupboards." Maine's immigrants from sub-Saharan Africa made $136.6 million in income in 2014, and paid $40 million in taxes, according to one report from a bipartisan think tank. But they largely work in invisible jobs, said Catherine Besteman, a professor of anthropology at Maine's Colby College. They take out trash at hotels, do the laundry at the hospital. People don't see them working, she said, so when they see them driving a car, or shopping for groceries, it becomes easy to assume they got it for free. That leaves some here still feeling that the immigrants take more than they deserve. Tabitha Beauchesne pulled a bag of bargain-brand cereal out of her kitchen cabinet to demonstrate that point. At the grocery store, she said, she sees immigrant mothers with carts piled high with name-brand food. "I guess I'm jealous of that. I would love to buy my kids the real Fruit Roll-Ups," she said. "But, no, sorry kids, you get the fruit packets from Wal-Mart." ___ So Mohamed Ibrahim now knocks on doors. "Hello," he says to strangers across Androscoggin County. "I am a Muslim. I was welcomed by America. I was helped by General Assistance, and that was coming from your pockets and I am grateful. I became a taxpayer. I'm not taking anything. Now I am giving." He wants his neighbors to know him, to know that he is normal. Trump's election here taught him he has a lot more work to do. "We thought, 'Yay, it's perfect.' But everything was slipping." Ibrahim came in 2012 from Djibouti, where he risked imprisonment for opposing his government. He is one of the thousands who have flooded into Lewiston in recent years because they are seeking asylum from oppression. With them came a spike in the amount of taxpayer assistance going to immigrants. Asylum-seekers, unlike resettled refugees, are barred from getting work permits for at least six months and many, like Ibrahim, must rely on government assistance to get by when they first arrive. The amount paid to immigrants jumped recently to nearly a half-million dollars. And there seems to be more tension in town since Trump took office. One woman reported she was nearly run down by a screaming driver; another said someone jerked her hijab and told her to go back where she came from. Ardo Mohamed, the Somali who cooks sambusas with her sister, is an American citizen now. Her children were born in the United States. But they worry the government will come to send her away. "We are scared," she said. "They say every night, 'Mom, if they take you, where we do live?'" Ibrahim does not blame his neighbors for supporting Trump, because he's seen the pull of populism before. When his friends complain about the policies on immigration, he reminds them of the day, more than a decade ago, that the interior minister of their country ordered all illegal immigrants to leave or face mass arrest. He asks them how they felt, and they respond: patriotic - like their government was looking out for them. Ibrahim has his own hopes for the president. He hopes Trump will build an immigration system that gives people confidence that those coming are good and hardworking - so that, one day, people like him will be called Americans, not refugees. But he worries it will come at a cost. In 50 years, he thinks, the descendants of his fellow African immigrants will be suspicious of whoever comes next. "That's how it's been through history. The Irish were discriminated against, and then they discriminated against the French. The French were discriminated against, now they discriminate against us, at the bottom of the ladder," he said, laughing uncomfortably. "I don't hope for that, it is not my wish. We can change. But still, we are stuck being human beings." ___ AP data journalist Angeliki Kastanis contributed to this report. ___ Read more of AP's coverage of Americans looking to Trump for change. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Did you find the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues with searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Search Watch Live Home UK Brexit Trump World Business Politics Tech Entertainment Offbeat Weather Venezuelan president Nicolas Maduro donates $500,000 to Trump fund despite economic woes Two people are killed in protests in Venezuela as the president is accused of pilfering the nation's wealth. 07:49, UK, Thursday 20 April 2017 Image: President Nicolas Maduro delivers a speech in Caracas Twitter Facebook Google+ Whats App Mail The president of Venezuela donated $500,000 (£391,000) to Donald Trump's inauguration fund despite the country suffering severe economic problems and food shortages. Inaugural committee records show Citgo Petroleum, a US affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some US firms including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1m contribution. Nicolas Maduro has been careful not to antagonise the new US president, but the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. Image: A demonstrator throws a tear gas grenade back at police during a march against Mr Maduro In February, Mr Trump met the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the US State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. On Wednesday, two people were shot dead as thousands of Venezuelans took part in protests against Mr Maduro demanding fresh elections and the release of jailed opposition politicians. The South American country has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but many Venezuelans accuse Mr Maduro of pilfering the nation's wealth. Nicolas Maduro Venezuela Top Stories Corbyn and May trade blows as campaigning begins PM may agree to televised Q&A - but no debate Cycling to work 'almost halves cancer risk' Police may have to shoot terrorists at the wheel Sky Views: It's game on for Crush Corbyn Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Vine Google+ About Sky News Down About Us Sky News International Sky News Library Sales Site Map Editorial Guidelines Supreme Court Live Sky News Services Down Sky News RSS Sky News For Your Phone Sky News Radio Sky Channels Down Sky 1 Sky Living Sky Atlantic Sky Arts Sky Cinema Sky Sports More Sky Sites Down NOW TV Sky Academy Bigger Picture Sky Ride Sky Corporate Sky Bet Sky.com Sky News Arabia Advertise With Us Terms & Conditions Privacy & Cookies Notice Accessibility Information Contact Us © 2017 Sky UK We use cookies to give you the best experience. If you do nothing we'll assume that it's ok. Close Close
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Politics April 19, 2017 10:00 pm Updated: April 19, 2017 10:01 pm Stricter rules could be coming for Edmonton pawnshops By Scott Johnston 630 CHED ; File photo of an Edmonton pawnshop. Vinesh Pratap, Global News What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen The city will spend the next year looking into where pawnshops are set up and come up with zoning amendments in an attempt to avoid clusters of them. All the while, the chief operating officer for Cash Canada argued to city council’s urban planning committee pawn shops are a legitimate business, and sees no reason why the city should take special steps to keep them from setting up close together in some business districts in Edmonton. Story continues below Related Pawn shops benefitting from Alberta’s struggling economy “I don’t like the fact that there are people opposed and think we’re a derogatory business and that we’re predatory lenders, which we’re not,” Diana Machardo told reporters. “We provide a service to people that can’t go to a conventional bank.” She said her industry helps people who occasionally need help, and will put up something of value temporarily as credit. She claimed the average loan is $113. “We’re there to help people who can’t afford to go into Walmart and get a brand new TV. They can come and get it from us for cheaper.” The vast majority of loans are paid within the 30-day time limit she said. Coun. Mike Nickel has asked for amendments to the bylaw that would suggest ways to have pawnshops a certain distance from each other, as well as other ways they can improve their appearance. That would include physical improvements like making sure windows are clear and aren’t covered. “Does clustering of certain kinds of businesses have a negative impact, not just on the immediate area but on the community as a whole?” Coun. Ben Henderson said the industry gives off the impression that stolen goods are fenced through transactions, and having several pawnshops in close proximity of each other is bad news for any business district. He’s hoping agencies like End Poverty Edmonton can work with city staff to show cause and effect on people who live in the margins of society. READ MORE: Pawn shop opens on Whyte Avenue: ‘It was a little bit of a surprise’ Watch below: On Dec. 12, 2016, Vinesh Pratap filed this report about a new business on Whyte Avenue. As Vinesh Pratap reports, it’s a storefront not many expect to see on what many feel is an important main street. It’s something Machado said is an unfair label. “They can’t find any negative reports because there are none. “The way we are regulated by the police, we tend to be a safe place where you’re going to come,” she said. “If you think people are going to go to pawnshops to get rid of stolen goods, they don’t do that anymore. Online has eliminated that virtually for pawnshops.” The city will study what’s done in other cities to prevent pawnshop clusters and to see if the same rules can apply here. The report will be before city council in April of 2018. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Ben Henderson Bylaws Cash Canada City of Edmonton Edmonton Mike Nickel Pawnshops Poverty Editor's Picks Canada Inside Canada's flexible work economy. Who's the real winner here? Canada Analysis: Canada’s Charter remains a flawed document that no politician dares try to fix Canada Could you handle a 33 per cent interest-rate hike on your debt? If not, start paying it off now Canada Analysis: On the eve of Malala visit, it’s clear we could use more feminist prime ministers Politics Airstrikes in Syria further complicate Trump's relationship with Russia Canada Have you heard about savings loans? Think carefully before signing up for one Sports With no NHL, who will play for Team Canada at the 2018 Olympics? FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now 97-year-old son of world's oldest person dies at home in Jamaica 22016 10-year-old boy with autism arrested after kicking teacher in Florida 7274 Vancouver is world’s 10th-best city for millennials: study 7085 North Korea to U.S.: 'Don't mess with us' 2303 Venezuela donated $500,000 to Donald Trump inauguration despite food shortages 2028 Sponsored content Popular Videos Oklahoma’s ‘Witch grandma’ sentenced to 3 consecutive life sentences for child abuse WATCH NOW ‘Unchecked Iran’ could follow ‘same path’ as North Korea, says Tillerson WATCH NOW Trump targets Canadian dairy farmers outlining his Buy America plan WATCH NOW Aaron Hernandez found not guilty in 2012 double-murder WATCH NOW Trump takes direct aim at Canadian dairy farmers: ‘Unfair things have happened’ WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Signs Target Corporation Needs New Management The cheap chic retailer's stock has plummeted as it's fallen behind its competitors. At some point, management needs to be held responsible. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Apr 19, 2017 at 9:09PM Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) seems to have gone from one catastrophe to the next in recent years. A 2013 data breach affected more than 70 million customers and dampened sales over the subsequent quarters. That was followed by the company's decision to end its ill-fated expansion in Canada in 2015, which resulted in a massive $5.4 billion writedown. More recently, the company's decision to allow transgender customers to use the restroom of their choice prompted a boycott among some of its customers. Image source: Motley Fool. Sales and profits have also fallen in recent quarters, and the stock has gotten punished. TGT data by YCharts While the broad market trades near all-time highs, Target is down more than a third from its 52-week high, and the stock has been one of the worst performers on the S&P 500 over the last year. CEO Brian Cornell took the helm of the big-box chain in August 2014, so he was not responsible for the credit card breach in 2013 or the Canadian expansion, though he did make the decision to pull out of Canada. Still, the stock has fallen about 10% during his tenure, and the company's recent performance has left much to be desired. Beyond the backlash over the company's bathroom policy and the stock's slide, there are other signs that Target may be due for a management change. Here are a few. 1. Executives heading for the exits In recent months, Target has lost its Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Digital Officer, and the head of its grocery division. Over the last two years, the company has also seen the Chief Legal Officer, Chief Merchant, Chief Human Resources Officer, and Chief Stores Officer positions change hands. Only one of the company's ten-member executive team remains from when Cornell became CEO. While rotation among executives can simply signal a company shifting strategy, it's often representative of greater problems, such as disagreements over strategic direction, poor performance, an unpleasant work environment, or even poor compensation. Many of the recent defections correspond with problem areas for Target. Online sales have lagged behind those of peers and growth has slowed, which likely explains the departure of Chief Digital Officer Jason Goldberger, and the company's grocery strategy has long been muddled as well, leading to excess spoilage. Not surprisingly, grocery chief Anne Dament, who was one of Cornell's first big hires, left the company last November after just 18 months in the position. 2. Declining comparable sales Comparable sales, which strip out the  effects of new stores, are one of the best measurements of a retailer's performance. However, comparable sales at Target have fallen for three straight quarters after seven consecutive quarters of growth. In the key fourth quarter, store-based comparable sales dropped 3.3%, though overall comparable sales were only down 1.5% due to a 34% increase in digital sales. Management's guidance for the current year was also underwhelming. It sees low-single digit decline in comparable sales for 2017 and low-to-mid single digit decline in comparable sales for the first quarter. While the retail sector has struggled with the loss of customer traffic as e-commerce becomes more popular, Target's rivals like Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) and Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST) have managed to deliver consistent comparable sales growth. Wal-Mart has overcome challenges to deliver nine straight quarters of comp sales growth, and the popularity of Costco's membership model has proven to be enduring.  3. A questionable turnaround strategy Cornell came on to replace former CEO Gregg Steinhafel, whose tenure ended after the data breach disaster. At first, the stock responded favorably to Cornell's strategy, but the recent decline in sales and profits has pushed the stock into the red.  Cornell responded to the challenge by introducing a new strategy and financial model at the most recent earnings call. The strategy includes lowering prices to make the store more competitive with Wal-Mart and other peers, a move that will cut into profits. Cornell has said the company needs to do more to fulfill the second half of its slogan, "Expect More. Pay Less." At the same time, however, the company plans to refurbish 600 stores and open 100 smaller stores by 2019. In many ways, the strategy mimics Wal-Mart's decision in 2015 to invest in lower prices, higher wages, and cleaner stores, which cost it on the bottom line but has boosted sales. Target doesn't have the same economies of scale or other advantages that Wal-Mart has, though. At the Shoptalk retail industry conference a few weeks ago, Cornell's presentation stood out for being focused on brick-and-mortar retail rather than new technologies. The company's plans to open new stores runs counter to the trend in much of the retail industry, which is either closing stores or scaling back on new locations.  Cornell's future with Target may be riding on the outcome of his turnaround strategy. With less than three years at the helm, the board is likely willing to give him some more time to return the company to growth, but if cutting prices and sprucing up stores fails to bring customers in the door, it could be time for the board to show him the door as well. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Apr 19, 2017 at 9:09PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $74.07 up $0.18 (0.24%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $170.06 down $0.07 (-0.04%) Target NYSE:TGT $53.89 up $0.29 (0.54%) Read More What Happened in the Stock Market Today Target Sales Slide but Shares Fly High Anyway 3 Reasons I Bought Target Stock This Month 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Investors Should Consider Buying Hate Checking Your Portfolio? Try These 3 Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Signs Target Corporation Needs New Management @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $COST, $TGT
Las Vegas Sun April 20, 2017 Currently: 72° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Betting Las Vegas Raiders UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Newsletter signup Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration Andrew Harnik / AP Vice President Mike Pence and President Donald Trump listen to the singing of the national anthem by Jackie Evancho during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington, Friday, Jan. 20, 2017. Associated Press Wednesday, April 19, 2017 | 6:38 p.m. CARACAS, Venezuela — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Most Popular Viewed Trending ‘Vegas Dave’ case illustrates how casinos use Social Security numbers Instead of Water Street, Makers & Finders looks to Summerlin Stadium Authority set to discuss terms of Raiders lease ‘People are asking for this’: Lawmaker hails broad support for light-rail bill Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez hangs himself in his prison cell Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Nightlife: Big changes in the Vegas club scene Dining: Edge is a hidden gem at Westgate Music: Boyz II Men in harmony at Mirage Featured Galleries SunPower Boulder Solar 1 Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto Town Hall Meeting Desiree Reed-Francois Introduced as UNLV Athletic Director More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 19 Wed 20 Thu 21 Fri 22 Sat 23 Sun Karaoke at Calico Jack's Saloon Calico Jack's Saloon Live music at Napoleon's at Paris Las Vegas Napoleon's 50 Shades! The Musical Parody Bally's Las Vegas | 7:30 p.m. to 9 p.m. All events on Wednesday » Neighborhood Cafe North Las Vegas Neighborhood Recreation Center Beatleshow Orchestra Saxe Theater L.A. Comedy Club Bally's Las Vegas All events on Thursday » Happier Hour at Elements Kitchen & Martini Bar Elements Kitchen and Martini Bar Loveshack Fremont Street Experience Nashville Unplugged Club Madrid at Sunset Station All events on Friday » Recycled Percussion Saxe Theater Popovich Comedy Pet Theatre V Theater inside Miracle Mile Shops Fremont Street Experience Fremont Street Experience All events on Saturday » Ride the Southern Nevada Railway Nevada Southern Railway Toast of the Town Sam's Town Salsa Sundays Tuscany Suites & Casino All events on Sunday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Nova Scotia LIVE Halifax More Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada NS South end Halifax light pollution 'like living in a Walmart parking lot' New LED lights installed by the municipality at 4,000 K and some residents say that's too bright By Jerri Southcott, CBC News Posted: Apr 19, 2017 10:30 PM AT Last Updated: Apr 19, 2017 10:30 PM AT Some south end Halifax residents say new LED bulbs are way too bright. (Diane Paquette/CBC) Related Stories Work to change 37,000 light bulbs begins this week LED lights may lead to greater biodiversity of bats in urban areas A Halifax resident says the new street lights recently installed outside his home are so bright it's tough to distinguish between night and day, but the city says a fix could come with a hefty price tag. "You can look out our window, look down and the trees are casting shadows because of lights everywhere. It's like living in a Walmart parking lot and it's unpleasant," said Patrick Moan, a resident on Edward Street in south end Halifax. The municipality is a year and a half into a new energy saving project that will see 40,000 street lights replaced with high efficiency LEDs by 2022. 'It's very invasive' "Our species has evolved slowly, over two million years or so and we're not meant to have daylight conditions 24 hours a day," explained Moan. The municipality's new lights are 4,000 K (kelvins). "It's like having a large spotlight shone into the house and into the bedroom. We can actually read without any lights on at 11 o'clock at night without any lights on we can read books. It's very invasive," he said. Moan said his concerns are also echoed by the neighbours, some with children crying at night and others contemplating moving out of the area altogether.  Mostly positive feedback Bruce Zvaniga, the city's director of transportation and public works, said he's received mostly positive feedback since the project began. However, he acknowledges some are concerned about light that is significantly brighter than the old street lights.  Zvaniga explained the 4000 K refers to the LED bulb colour temperature. He said the municipality is aware of what other cities are doing after studies show a person's circadian rhythm can be thrown off by too much light.  "The challenge we have at this point in time is that the contract was awarded back in 2015 and had a certain specification," said Zvaniga. "And so to do it now really becomes a financial issue for HRM to decide whether it wants to replace relatively new LEDs that are out there with a lower colour temperature and the financial impacts of making that decision." Municipality to consider studies The municipality has asked acting deputy chief medical officer of health Dr. Gaynor Watson-Creed to evaluate studies and material from other cities and provide the city with some advice on the extent of the issue. Zvaniga said there are many questions needing answers.  "Where should we be looking at changes? Should it be only in residential areas? Should it be wide spread across the entire HRM? Or is it a bit of a trade off about the level of lighting that makes it safe for people who use the roadway versus the impact." Moan suggested a pilot project might have been a good idea. But Zvaniga said they were basing decisions on previous experience replacing LED lights on an individual bases and guidance by other cities. Bulbs can dim While the municipality is taking the public health concerns seriously, swapping out the bulbs comes with a big price tag that will also have to be considered. "If we were to do the entire city at 40,000 lamps it would be in the millions of dollars certainly. In excess of $5 million at least," Zvaniga said. The new lights do come with a feature that allows them to dim the intensity, but they'll need to wait until the installation is complete to access the technology and that won't be until the end of this year.  Dozens of complaints The municipality has received 75 to 80 complaints since since the project began that they've assessing one at a time and making adjustments. Zvaniga said he still needs more information to better understand the problem Moan and his neighbours are experiencing on Edward Street. But, he is hopeful there's a compromise that won't be too costly. Moan said in the meantime, round the clock daylight is making it tough for him to sleep at night. A compromise works for Moan who says he's hoping the lights can be dimmed or directed down reducing some of the light pollution.  With files from CBC Radio's Mainstreet Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Halifax Mostly Cloudy -3°C Sydney Clear -8°C Yarmouth Light Snowshower 0°C Annapolis Royal Cloudy 0°C Greenwood Cloudy 0°C More Weather | Latest Nova Scotia News Headlines South end Halifax light pollution 'like living in a Walmart parking lot' Vehicles repossessed from car lot that was subject of customer complaints Canada's ambassador to U.S. won't criticize Trump, but pushes back on dairy read comments CBC Nova Scotia News April 19, 2017 video No accessible washrooms at department in charge of Accessibility Act Top News Headlines Retroactive changes to criminal pardons violate charter rights, B.C. judge rules Bill O'Reilly's departure creates new challenges for Fox video What's Trump's problem with Canada's milk? read comments video 'I am a member of ISIS': 2 prisoners in Mosul explain why they joined the jihadists video Government says there's no 'free ticket' to Canada as number of asylum seekers climbs Most Viewed 'Nightmare' Sunwing holiday with no running water leaves people urinating in bushes Teen girls were 'humiliated' after sexually explicit photos were shared, says victim South end Halifax light pollution 'like living in a Walmart parking lot' Woman calls on Nova Scotia to update rules on breast reduction surgery Vehicles repossessed from car lot that was subject of customer complaints Man charged with 1st-degree murder in death of Cape Breton woman Orthodontists eager to work for free, now they just need teeth to fix Dominican resort without power 'worst vacation of my life,' says Nova Scotia woman Sunwing vacation ends in 20-hour travel ordeal for Halifax passengers No accessible washrooms at department in charge of Accessibility Act Don't Miss Retroactive changes to criminal pardons violate charter rights, B.C. judge rules Bill O'Reilly's departure creates new challenges for Fox What's Trump's problem with Canada's milk? CBC IN IRAQ 'I am a member of ISIS': 2 prisoners in Mosul explain why they joined the jihadists Government says there's no 'free ticket' to Canada as number of asylum seekers climbs Undercover police used fake car accident to meet murder suspect, trial hears Regina woman charged with human smuggling after 9 asylum seekers intercepted at border Recap Flames swept out of playoffs by Ducks Recap Leafs-killer Wilson strikes again as Capitals even series Ontario to query citizenship, residency for real estate purchases starting Monday Newly discovered exoplanet best place to search for life, astronomers say Alberta bans hiring foreign workers for 29 high-skilled jobs Cable TV cord-cutting in Canada expected to accelerate Teen girls were 'humiliated' after sexually explicit photos were shared, says victim Opinion Canada will legalize pot, after arresting a bunch of people for pot offences first: Neil Macdonald Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
VIDEO: Flooding along Brook Park Road strands Parma drivers - Cleveland 19 News Cleveland, OH Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Must See Stories CLE43 Focus Text Alerts Traffic Maps Tech expert: Be on the lookout for hidden cameras disguised as coat hook NKY mom upset son being denied access to prom Seen on 19 Cultivating Cleveland News Cleveland 19 Investigative Unit National/Int'l News State News Editorials with Erik Schrader Trending Stories Weather List | School Closings Download First Alert weather app Interactive Radar Sports Local Cavaliers coverage Cleveland Indians On the Mark Tony Zarrella's Z Files Sports Slideshows Cleveland Browns VIDEO Your Health Health Headlines Lifebanc: Organ Donation News Spot the Signs: Opioid Crisis Your Money Cleveland Now Partners Find Cheap Gas Near You! Recalls About Us Meet the Team Internships & Shadowing Cleveland 19 Careers Get our apps Editorials with Erik Schrader What's on Cleveland 19? Contests Cleveland open casting calls Management Advertise VIDEO: Flooding along Brook Park Road strands Parma drivers 2017-04-20T01:02:27Z2017-04-20T01:16:56Z Posted by Cleveland 19 Digital Team Email Connect web@19actionnews.com Follow @cleveland19news Source: WOIO DOWNTOWN CLEVELAND, OH (WOIO) - Flooding along Brook Park Road in Parma proved problematic for several drivers Wednesday around 8:30 p.m. The problem area was near the Walmart, where local authorities arrived at the scene and helped drivers who had stalled out in the standing water. A few more flooding photos from Parma / outside the Sams Club. Drivers should avoid Brook Park Road #OHwx pic.twitter.com/iRE7yItfd4— Cleveland 19 News (@cleveland19news) April 20, 2017 Below is a live report from the scene from Jeff Tanchak: Wednesday night's stormy weather is expected to die down in time for the Thursday morning commute, but pick back up again Thursday afternoon/evening. FORECAST Stay with Cleveland 19 News for updates. Below is a forecast from Jason Nicholas: Download the Cleveland 19 News app and First Alert Weather app. Copyright 2017 WOIO. All rights reserved. Seen on 19Seen on 19More>> SLIDESHOW: Facebook murder manhunt ends SLIDESHOW: Facebook murder manhunt ends Steve Stephens wanted poster. (Source: FBI) Steve Stevens posted a Facebook video of himself Sunday, April 16, shooting 74-year-old Robert Godwin in the face. He killed himself two days later in Erie, PA. More >> Steve Stevens posted a Facebook video of himself Sunday, April 16, shooting 74-year-old Robert Godwin in the face. He killed himself two days later in Erie, PA. More >> Little lady with big heart preps to feed thousands for Easter Little lady with big heart preps to feed thousands for Easter Updated: Thursday, April 13 2017 4:41 PM EDT2017-04-13 20:41:13 GMT St. Augustine Hunger Center and Parish in Cleveland’s Tremont neighborhood is prepping this week to provide 14,000 Easter meals this Sunday.More >> St. Augustine Hunger Center and Parish in Cleveland’s Tremont neighborhood is prepping this week to provide 14,000 Easter meals this Sunday.More >> 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' sisters spotted in Cleveland 'Keeping Up With The Kardashians' sisters spotted in Cleveland Updated: Thursday, April 13 2017 4:15 PM EDT2017-04-13 20:15:06 GMT (Source: WOIO) The infamous Kardashian clan was all over downtown Cleveland Monday. More >> The infamous Kardashian clan was all over downtown Cleveland Monday. More >> FAQ: Why is Tax Day April 18 this year? FAQ: Why is Tax Day April 18 this year? Posted: Tuesday, April 4 2017 5:28 PM EDT2017-04-04 21:28:14 GMT Updated: Thursday, April 13 2017 10:03 AM EDT2017-04-13 14:03:33 GMT This year Americans have until April 18, a Tuesday, to file and pay federal taxes, partly because the traditional deadline of April 15 falls on a Saturday.   More >> This year Americans have until April 18, a Tuesday, to file and pay federal taxes, partly because the traditional deadline of April 15 falls on a Saturday.  More >> 8-year-old borrows family car, takes little sister to McDonald's 8-year-old borrows family car, takes little sister to McDonald's Updated: Wednesday, April 12 2017 4:03 PM EDT2017-04-12 20:03:48 GMT An 8-year-old who says he learned how to drive by watching youtube videos took his 4-year-old sister to McDonald's Sunday. (Source: WOIO) An 8-year-old who says he learned how to drive by watching youtube videos took his 4-year-old sister to McDonald's Sunday.  More >> An 8-year-old who says he learned how to drive by watching youtube videos took his 4-year-old sister to McDonald's Sunday.  More >>    SpecialStay InformedMore>> Text Alerts Text Alerts Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Get emails and text alerts for breaking news, severe weather and more.More >> Download: Cleveland 19 Apps Get our apps News and weather apps for iPhone, Android, Blackberry and tablets.More >> Can't Find Something? 1717 E. 12th Street Cleveland, OH 44114 (216) 771-1943 FCC Public File publicfile@woio.com (216) 367-7535 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Europe Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro’s administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (Carolyn Kaster, File/Associated Press) By Associated Press By Associated Press April 19 at 8:32 PM CARACAS, Venezuela — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America’s $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela’s government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. “Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community,” the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world’s largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation’s oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. “We are extremely concerned that Rosneft’s control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security,” six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. world europe Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world europe Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 U.S. defense officials may have spoken too soon, but Trump’s missing ‘armada’ finally heading to Korea 2 A youth revolt in France boosts the far right 3 A new North Korean video shows missiles destroying a U.S. city in a giant fireball 4 Emirates cuts U.S. flights, blaming Trump administration curbs 5 Trump administration defends how it described ship movements amid North Korean tensions The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game world europe Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 67° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 67° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. Carolyn Kaster, File AP Photo National Business April 19, 2017 8:30 PM Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story CARACAS, Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:19 5 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 4.20 1:04 11 hours ago Myrtle Beach locals walk two miles in honor of "National Walking Month" View More Video National Business Law change could boost little-used state crowdfunding laws VP Pence praises Indonesia's democratic, tolerant values Asian shares gain on oil price rebound, strong Japan exports Charge me up: Rural electric drivers face 'range anxiety' O'Reilly is out at Fox but influence endures; career too? National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Welcome to Wyandotte Daily! Serving Kansas City (Wyandotte County) Kansas for over 45 years! About Wyandotte Daily Business Directory Employment News Sports Two mayoral candidates question Indian Springs project Apr 19, 2017 Mary Rupert Business, Kansas City Kansas, News No comments Hunter Harris of Lane4 Development showed the audience at a public meeting at 4 p.m. today at the Neighborhood Resource Center a map of the proposed Indian Springs redevelopment. The plan is scheduled to go before the Unified Government Commission on April 27. (Staff photo by Mary Rupert) by Mary Rupert Two mayoral candidates questioned a proposed Indian Springs flex-tech light industrial building at the 4 p.m. meeting tonight at the Neighborhood Resource Center near 49th and State Avenue. The two candidates, Janice Witt and Keith Jordan, raised questions at the 4 p.m. meeting, which was held to fulfill the technical requirements for planning and zoning. Another 6 p.m. meeting tonight was scheduled on the topic of Indian Springs at the Kansas City, Kansas, Public Schools Central Office near 59th and Parallel Parkway. Hunter Harris of Lane4 Development presented the plans for the south side of Indian Springs. It is 26 acres on the south side of the property, which is only about a third of it. Developers hope to lure retail development on the north side of the property by placing about 200 or more employees in a flex-tech building on the south side of the property. Harris told the more than 25 persons attending there would be plenty of room for other sorts of development on the rest of the land. That could include mixed use, apartments and retail. Witt told developers she was for the project, just not at that location. Witt also said she thought there should have been more notification to community residents about this meeting. It was her opinion that the community leaders are not notifying enough residents of these projects. She said since the developer said earlier that they were prepared to start the project within two months, that meant it was already a “done deal.” Harris replied that it wasn’t a “done deal” and it still had to go for approval before the Unified Government Commission at 7 p.m. April 27. He said the notice for the 4 p.m. meeting was sent out according to the statute requirements, which require notice to just those people who own property within a small distance of the property. Jordan was concerned that they might build a business park and not know who the tenants would be. He cited an instance in another city where a building was built and sat empty for a time. Harris responded that was a different situation, with a major retailer going bankrupt while it was being built, and it also speaks to the fact that retailers aren’t building as many stores currently. In answer to a Jordan question, Harris said Walmart is not interested in locating here at this time. Jordan also brought up that when the Legends and Village West were being built, the residents were promised that their property taxes would decrease, “but they keep going up.” People who don’t live in western Wyandotte County aren’t seeing improvements, he added. He asked why this was being built if there weren’t any retail tenants interested in locating here. He suggested cleaning up the surrounding area, improving it, and then trying to build it in a few years. “It sat empty for 10 years, what’s another few more years going to do if we revitalize what’s already here first?” he asked. Harris said waiting might mean there would be rising interest rates or fear of another recession that could affect the project. The buildings would help to attract businesses, furnish jobs and generate sales tax for the UG, he said. While it may seem like a rush to this project, Harris said Lane4 has been working on this project a long time. It went through some UG committee meetings, including meetings in January, March and earlier this month, before it came to this level. Lane4 has been working on it for a few years. At the April 6 meeting, UG officials said costs to the UG for Indian Springs total about $25 million, including the purchase price of the property, the development costs, relocation costs and tearing down the old Indian Springs mall. UG officials said the proposal is to sell 26.9 acres of the 90 acres to Axis Point, which is made up of a group of Lane4 principals, for $750,000. The former Indian Springs mall was on 45 acres of this property, according to Harris. The flex-tech building, which could house light industrial or office space, would be financed with UG industrial bonds. The developer is asking for a 75 percent tax abatement for the first 10 years. Harris said about 380 jobs would be created at the flex-tech building, and the project is estimated to generate about $400,000 in property taxes. Witt remarked if the UG is that desperate for development, it ought to call Phil Ruffin and get The Woodlands redeveloped. “We need to be having a different conversation,” Witt said. “These are scare tactics – these are force tactics — to force us into accepting that this is a horrible property in a horrible area, so we need to do something right now, so take what we’re giving you. I think that’s bad.” Commissioner Melissa Bynum said that in retrospect, they probably should have held more community meetings for public comments. The UG added new meetings this week for community comments. A representative of the Davidson Architecture group told the audience that there will be more grass, landscaping, green space, trees and flowers planned for the site than were at the old mall site. While there were drawings and sketches of the flex-tech building, plans have not yet been presented for the rest of the Indian Springs property. If the flex-tech building is built, Harris said there would still be plenty of room to build other developments such as retail on the site. To reach Mary Rupert, editor, email maryr@wyandottedaily.com. To see some earlier stories on the topic, visit: http://wyandottedaily.com/ug-commission-appears-split-on-indian-springs-proposal/ http://wyandottedaily.com/indian-springs-proposal-draws-mixed-reaction/ Janice Witt, who is running for mayor, asked Harris several questions about the proposed Indian Springs project. (Staff photo by Mary Rupert) Keith Jordan, left, who is running for Kansas City, Kansas mayor, also had some questions for Hunter Harris about the proposed Indian Springs redevelopment. (Staff photo by Mary Rupert) An architect’s drawing showed the proposed flex-tech building at Indian Springs. (Staff photo by Mary Rupert) More than 25 persons attended a community meeting at 4 p.m. today at the Neighborhood Resource Center to discuss Indian Springs. (Staff photo by Mary Rupert) Hunter Harris with Lane4 Development explained the Indian Springs proposal at a meeting today at the Neighborhood Resource Center. (Staff photo by Mary Rupert) UG Commissioner Melissa Bynum, left, described the process that this project went through in UG committees. (Staff photo) Share Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Search for: Follow Wyandotte Daily Recent Posts Two mayoral candidates question Indian Springs project KCKCC students to make their directorial debut in one-act festival Witt says she’s running for mayor as ‘people’s candidate’ Chiefs’ linebacker named honorary pace car driver for Kansas Speedway race May 13 Indy to visit KCKCC Thursday; sophomores to be honored Friday Recent Comments Carol Foster on Large industrial project approved for Turner Diagonal Janice Witt on Indian Springs proposal draws mixed reaction John fotovich on Two public meetings planned Wednesday on future of Indian Springs Ron Mayer on Indian Springs proposal draws mixed reaction John fotovich on UG Commission appears split on Indian Springs proposal Archives April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 Categories Bonner Springs Business Business Solutions Calendar Communities Edwardsville Edwardsville Election 2017 Employment Events Faith Featured Kansas City Kansas Kansas City Missouri Kansas Speedway KCKCC Leavenworth News Opinions Overland Park Piper Sporting KC Sports T-Bones Turner Area UG News Weather Wyandotte County Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Place your Footer Content here Theme by ThemeZee
Skip to Content 3° Passing clouds. Chilly. More ▼ ▲ Sign In ▼▲sub menu toggleNews Traffic ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule Bruce Bowie Ryan Jespersen J'lyn Nye & Andrew Grose Bob Layton Inside Sports with Reid Wilkins Talk to the Experts Roy Green Charles Adler Tonight ▼▲sub menu toggleSports Eskimos Oilers Now Oilers The Bull Pen Sports Blog Minor Hockey Road Show ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Photo Gallery CHED TV Podcasts Show Clips Audio Vault Contact Us ▼▲sub menu toggleContests Contests Events Santas Anonymous Menu Listen Live On Air Now Account Sign In Home ▼▲sub menu toggleNews Traffic ▼▲sub menu toggleShows Schedule Bruce Bowie Ryan Jespersen J'lyn Nye & Andrew Grose Bob Layton Inside Sports with Reid Wilkins Talk to the Experts Roy Green Charles Adler Tonight ▼▲sub menu toggleSports Eskimos Oilers Now Oilers The Bull Pen Sports Blog Minor Hockey Road Show ▼▲sub menu toggleOn Demand Photo Gallery CHED TV Podcasts Show Clips Audio Vault Contact Us ▼▲sub menu toggleContests Contests Events Santas Anonymous ▼▲sub menu toggle Corus Feeds Kids Mobile 101 Contact Us 630 CHED Job Board Connect Biz Directory Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved. ON AIR NOW12:00 AM - 1:00 AMThose Old Radio Shows More stringent rules on the way for city pawn shops Edmonton, Alberta / 630 CHED - Edmonton Breaking News, Traffic, Weather and Sports Radio Station Scott Johnston Posted: April 19, 2017 04:50 pm Supplied The city will spend the next year looking into where pawn shops are set up, and will come up with zoning amendments, in an attempt to avoid clusters of them. All the while, the chief operating officer for Cash Canada argued to city council’s urban planning committee pawn shops are a legitimate business, and sees no reason why the city should take special steps to keep them from setting up close together in some business districts in Edmonton. “I don’t like the fact that there are people opposed and think we’re a derogatory business, and that we’re predatory lenders which we’re not,” Diana Machardo told reporters. “We provide a service to people that can’t go to a conventional bank.” Supplied She said her industry helps people who occasionally need help, and will put up something of value temporarily as credit. She claimed the average loan is $113. “We’re there to help people who can’t afford to go into Walmart and get a brand new TV. They can come and get it from us for cheaper.” The vast majority of loans she said are paid within the 30-day time limit. READ MORE: Opening of a pawn shop on Whyte Ave ruffles feathers in the community  Coun. Mike Nickel has asked for amendments to the bylaw that would suggest ways to have pawn shops a certain distance from each other, as well as other ways they can improve their appearance. That would include physical improvements like making sure windows are clear and aren’t covered. “Does clustering of certain kinds of businesses have a negative impact, not just on the immediate area but on the community as a whole?” Coun. Ben Henderson said the industry gives off the impression that stolen goods are fenced through transactions, and having several pawn shops in close proximity of each other, is bad news for any business district. He’s hoping agencies like End Poverty Edmonton can work with city staff to show cause and effect on people who live in the margins of society. Supplied It’s something Machado said is an unfair label. “They can’t find any negative reports, because there are none. “The way we are regulated by the police, we tend to be a safe place where you’re going to come,” she said. “If you think people are going to go to pawnshops to get rid of stolen goods, they don’t do that anymore.  On-line has eliminated that virtually for pawnshops.” The city will study what’s done in other cities to prevent pawn shop clusters, to see if the same rules can apply here. The report will be before city council in April of 2018. Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Sign In Terry on Apr 19, 2017 at 06:14 pm said: Iveson stated that pawn shops promote the perception that people in our city are looking for good deals and he would rather see Edmonton Taxpayers shop at high end stores along Jasper Avenue or 124 street where Katz is investing his money. Did you hear Iveson has arranged another shish boom ba photo op at Churchill square for the oilers Thursday at lunch. Gee, I wonder if he would like a lemon pie in the face…………………… He is so desperate, resorting to high school promotions its pathetic. Got to cook up some pies……….. Sign in to Reply Krishna on Apr 19, 2017 at 06:55 pm said: Cash Canada is not a predatory lender. Blood suckers yes, but not predatory lenders. Sign in to Reply Latest More Top Stories More Edmonton Traffic Tweets by @CTNEdmonton Current Traffic Incidents You May Also Like Trending on 630CHED More Corus Feeds Kids Mobile 101 Contact Us 630 CHED Job Board Connect Biz Directory Stock Images Privacy Policy Terms Of Service Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Montana & Regional National News World News Business Government Sports Griz Sports High School Local College Sports National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books and Literature Games Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email alerts Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 44° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds. Low 34F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 19, 2017 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Close Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) AP Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration Apr 19, 2017 Updated 4 hrs ago Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! Missoulian.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags News Wire Business General News Executive Branch Corporate Giving Philanthropy Social Affairs Corporate News 2017 United States Presidential Inauguration United States Presidential Inauguration Inaugurations Government And Politics Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry Recommended View More Deals & Offers Fish Window Cleaning's professional, safety-trained employees are here to help you with all your residential and commercial window cleaning needs! Call today to schedule your free estimate! Do you suffer from dry skin or Eczema? dōTERRA Essential Oils can be used as a topical application as an alternative treatment to soothing your skin condition. © 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Auto Finder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
7NEWS Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + 7-Day Hourly Forecast Radar Radar & Maps Weather Alerts School Closings and Delays Consumer + Debbie's Deals ShopSmart Money Recalls Financial Fitness Zone Science & Tech Managing Your Money Spelling Bee Home Safety Traffic + Gas Prices I-25 Cams I-70 Cams Driving you crazy Health + Staying Healthy Flu Guide Whats Going Around Basics of Babies New Year Heart The Senior Resource Center Ask a Health Expert News + Local News National Denver7 Investigates Politics Unplugged Politics DecodeDC Trending The NOW Denver Archive News Tips Marijuana Denver News Podcast Election 2016 Election Results Domestic Violence Conquering Addiction Entertainment + Celebrity News TV Listings Contests Crossword Sudoku Horoscope The List Lifestyle + Pets Travel Discover Colorado Food Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Real Estate Video + Live Video Recent Videos Right This Minute YouTube Channel Newsy Photos + Recent Galleries Your Photos Submit Photos Sports + Broncos Avalanche Nuggets Rockies Fishing Colorado BolderBOULDER Orange First College Sports Community + Community Events Celebrate Colorado Making Things Possible Rachel's Challenge Books for Kids 7Everyday Hero Special Olympics 7NEWS Book Club 7Readers are Leaders Holiday Heroes Marketplace + Insights into Insurance Tailgate Grilling Academy Mile High Living Healthy Living Tips New Year New You About + Contact Us News Team Mobile RSS Feeds Advertise Support Current 47 Mostly Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 42° HI: -° LO: 42° HI: -° LO: 42° Full Forecast Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 4 Weather Alerts Fire Weather Warning issued April 19 at 9:46PM MDT expiring April 20 at 8:00PM MDT in effect for: Archuleta, Dolores, Hinsdale, La Plata, Montezuma, San Juan Fire Weather Watch issued April 19 at 2:43PM MDT expiring April 20 at 8:00PM MDT in effect for: Eagle, Garfield, Mesa, Pitkin Fire Weather Watch issued April 19 at 4:54AM MDT expiring April 20 at 8:00PM MDT in effect for: Archuleta, Dolores, Hinsdale, La Plata, Montezuma, San Juan Fire Weather Watch issued April 19 at 4:54AM MDT expiring April 20 at 8:00PM MDT in effect for: Eagle, Garfield, Mesa, Pitkin 4 Weather Alerts Kelsie Schelling's mother encouraged by renewed Pueblo search for daughter; emotions still raw Liz Gelardi, Blair Miller 5:52 PM, Apr 19, 2017 2 hours ago colorado | missing | colorado bureau of investigation | cbi | baby Share Article Previous Next Denver7 reporter Liz Gelardi tells us more about the latest developments in the missing woman's case. Laura Saxton holds a picture of her missing daughter, Kelsie Schelling, during a missing person's day event she organized in February at Colorado's state Capitol. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next DENVER – Kelsie Schelling’s mother says she was encouraged when investigators dug up the backyard of a home last week to search for new clues in her daughter’s disappearance, but says the search “didn’t yield the results” the family was hoping for. Schelling’s mother, Laura Saxton, gave her first sit-down interview to Denver7 about the renewed effort by law enforcement to bring closure to the case. Schelling, pregnant, heads to Pueblo but never returns Schelling, 21, was eight weeks pregnant when she vanished on Feb. 4, 2013. She had her first doctor’s visit and had seen a sonogram of her baby earlier that day. After the trip to the doctor and a shift at work, the Denver woman drove two hours south to Pueblo to meet up with Lucas, and has never been seen since. Lucas was found to have parked her car at an area Walmart the day after she disappeared, and an unidentified man picked it up and eventually dropped it off again at the St. Mary-Corwin Medical Center. Police recovered the vehicle Feb. 7. Schelling was never seen in surveillance video at either location. Investigators discovered through text messages that Schelling and Lucas had talked to one another once she had reached Pueblo, but the messages stopped shortly after she got there. Last week, investigators with the Pueblo Police Department and Colorado Bureau of Investigation served a search warrant at a home in Pueblo that used to belong to Donthe Lucas’s grandmother – a home Lucas often stayed at. Schelling’s mother talks new leads, emotions with Denver7 “This was a pretty big step on their part…a pretty big excavation they did,” Saxton told Denver7. She and others have long thought Lucas, who was Schelling’s boyfriend and the father of her unborn child, had something to do with Schelling’s disappearance. He was once charged with the fraudulent use of her credit card after she disappeared, but the charges were dropped. Last Friday, the investigators announced they had found new evidence during their dig, but did not specify what it was – only saying it wasn’t Schelling’s body. Saxton says Pueblo police notified her ahead of the search, and asked that she and other family members be in Pueblo during the search in case anything turned up. “We went into it with really high hopes,” Saxton said, though she added that she believes they should have looked at the home sooner. She says a neighbor of the home authorities were searching let her and other family members stay there during the daytime of the two-day search. Saxton told Denver7 that the investigations team walked her through the dig, which brought her “comfort” in seeing how hard crews were working. “As far as items that were found, I don’t know what those were. I don’t know that they’ll tell us what those were,” she said. “But hopefully those items will be something that will help move the investigation along.” But ultimately, investigators did not find exactly what Saxton was looking for – her daughter. “Unfortunately, it didn’t yield the results that we were hoping for,” Saxton said. “We were hoping we would get to bring Kelsie home, so it’s been really hard in the aftermath dealing with that.” Lucas’s grandmother no longer lives at the home investigators searched last week, and Saxton says that despite the new developments in the case, she thinks some people who might know about her daughter’s disappearance might still be afraid to talk to police about what they know. “I still believe that somebody knows something and they’re just afraid to come forward. But I just feel like there’s a lot of fear there for people,” Saxton said. “I just keep hoping that someone will have a heart and do the right thing.” But she says she is encouraged the Pueblo Police Department – with new investigators on the case – is taking a new look at Schelling’s disappearance with help from CBI. She had previously been critical of the way the police department handled the case initially, and has herself campaigned extensively for help finding her daughter. “I think we’re at the very least showing that we’re not going to give up, and we might get knocked down many, many times over, but we’re always going to get back up and keep fighting for Kelsie and the baby,” Saxton said. Still, after being missing for four years, Saxton admits that the likelihood of her daughter being found alive wane more and more each day. “I can’t really imagine the rest of my life without her, but that’s something I’m having to come to terms with,” Saxton said. “So I hope, at the very least, we get to bring her and the baby home and give them a proper burial.” Schelling’s family has long offered a reward for information leading investigators to their daughter or to an arrest and conviction of someone in her disappearance – upping the reward to $100,000 in February and organizing a Colorado Missing Persons Day event at the state Capitol on Feb. 3. The reward still stands at $50,000. Pueblo police say the investigation into the case remains ongoing and that they are looking for tips related to the case. To submit anonymous tips in the case, contact Pueblo Crime Stoppers at 542-STOP or go to their website. You can also contact the Colorado Bureau of Investigation at 303-239-4300. Enjoy this content? Follow Denver7 on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and download the Denver7 app on iOS and Android devices for continual access to breaking news, weather and sports. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story News Video Weather Traffic Consumer Sports Entertainment MarketplaceSupport 7NEWS & TheDenverChannel.com Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs News Staff Debbie's Deals TV Listings 7Everyday Hero Community Mile High Living RSS KMGH FCC Profile The Now Contests Mobile Apps 7NEWS Denver iPhone | iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhone | iPadAndroid Laff Network Stay Connected  facebook twitter instagram youtube Email Alerts Google+ Scripps TV Station Group © 2015 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 49° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Cloudy skies. Slight chance of a rain shower. High 53F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Cloudy early with partial clearing expected late. Low 38F. Winds NNW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: April 20, 2017 @ 1:24 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) AP Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration Apr 19, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago 0 Carolyn Kaster FILE - In this Jan. 20, 2017 file photo, President-elect Donald Trump arrives during the 58th Presidential Inauguration at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. Venezuela President Nicolas Maduro's administration made a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump’s inauguration. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File) CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Breaking News Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags Wire Business General News Executive Branch Corporate Giving Philanthropy Social Affairs Corporate News 2017 United States Presidential Inauguration United States Presidential Inauguration Inaugurations Government And Politics Oil And Gas Industry Energy Industry × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Benedict XVI has beer, party for 90th birthday at Vatican Ivanka's biz prospers as politics mixes with business 2 pirates killed while trying to hijack ship near Somalia Prince Harry shares emotional struggles after Diana's death Albanian police crack down on drug trafficking ring Business Directory Latest Local Offers Ultimate Insulation, LLC Improve your home's comfort, reduce air leaks and increase the long-term value of your home. Visit Ultimate Insulation, LLC online at http://www.ultimateinsulationllc.net/ to find out more! Updated 11 hrs ago Wiebke Trading Company The only Blue Label Glock Dealer in the area ~stop in to Wiebke Trading Company today! Updated 11 hrs ago ≫ today's question Do you like La Crosse County’s new logo? You voted: Yes No Vote View Results Back ≫ things to do Apr 20 Story time, for ages 3 to 6 Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Apr 20 Thursday Night at the Movies Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 6:30 pm Apr 20 The Space Heaters, Dan Collins, and Nonpronto Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 10:00 pm Apr 20 Kane Street Community Garden gardening day Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 3:00 pm Apr 20 Trivia Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 8:00 pm Apr 20 Addison Israelson Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Apr 20 Story time, for ages 3 to 6 Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 10:15 am Apr 20 Trivia Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Apr 20 Nathan Kalish with Andy Hughes Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Apr 20 Buddhist meditation introduction Thu, Apr 20, 2017 @ 7:00 pm Click here for more events Submit your event More Jobs Top Jobs Job Board 30542303.pdf 30540116.pdf Bulletin Local Business Search local business directory I'm looking for: Located near: Hint: Enter a keyword that you are looking for like tires, pizza or doctors or browse the full business directory. View local offers Local Businesses Cranberry Country Market 9941 State Hwy 173, Tomah, WI 54660 American Waterworks 829 Rolling View, Pine Island, MN 55963 Winona Mall 1213 Gilmore Ave, Winona, MN 55987 Blue Moon 716 2nd Ave North, Onalaska, WI 54650 Currents +6 Food and Cooking Drink Wine Day and 21 other wine-related celebrations Movies Ranking the worst movie sequels of all time Election 2016 Live Fact check: Steve who? Trump shortchanges a relationship Today’s top pics: Presidential election in France and more Your daily 6: Aaron Hernandez's death, a Georgia runoff and the McNuggets order that tripped up a suspected killer Today In History, April 19: Oklahoma City Today's Birthdays, April 19: James Franco Healthy Thornton, Couture get Sharks back in series Playoff berth gives rest of NBA glimpse into Bucks' future Kershaw fans season-high 10, Dodgers beat Rockies 4-2 Chacin throws gem to beat Diamondbacks 1-0 TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Price on health care: There's always a Plan B Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 World Premiere Hayden: North Korea may reach US with weapon Serena Williams confirms pregnancy rumors News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Live launch coverage of ISS Expedition 51-52/Soyuz MS-04 NYC skyline from the Empire State Building to 1 WTC RADAR: Strong thunderstorms and heavy rain hitting parts of the Central US A view from Brooklyn to Manhattan Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbour Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Live look at the beach surf in Long Beach, NJ Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration By The Associated Press CARACAS, Venezuela  Apr 19, 2017, 8:29 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star PlayThe Associated Press WATCH President Trump to sign executive order targeting foreign work visas 0 Shares Email President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration " Bill O'Reilly out at Fox News amid sexual misconduct allegations " Father of fallen Muslim-American soldier decries travel ban " Arkansas suffers 2 setbacks to multiple execution plan " VP Pence meets Indonesian president on Asia tour " Trump administration will review Iran nuclear deal despite compliance " Maine governor interrupted with 'Black lives matter' shouts " Trump extends private-sector health care program for vets " China says Ivanka Trump trademark requests handled properly " Florida state senator publicly apologizes for racial slurs " Brave beaver herds confused cattle in Canada " Tax refund vacations: 8 alluring trips " Luxurious New York City mansion on the market for $84.5 million " Starbucks calls shifting-color drink a Unicorn Frappuccino " Clock tower over the Trump hotel quietly reopens for tours " Ann Coulter vows to speak at Berkeley despite cancellation " Jeter, Bush join forces in bid to buy Marlins " 3 disciplined in death of Denver jail inmate in 2015 " Georgetown University renames buildings for enslaved people " UK police name suspect in east London nightclub acid attack " Turkey electoral board rejects request to annul referendum " Pilot error blamed for fatal California U2 spy plane crash " Nevada woman accused of faking son's death to raise money " 12 students hospitalized after Idaho school bus rolls over " Austrian town finds its hermit after international search " 5 takeaways from new book about Hillary Clinton's failed campaign " Former Hillary Clinton aide writing memoir " How a food writer struggling with mental illness found comfort through cooking " Anne Hathaway regrets 'not trusting' past director because she was a woman " Trial for Pulse gunman's wife could start next year " ANALYSIS: Georgia special election result lets both sides claim victory " Serena Williams is pregnant with her 1st child " Richard Simmons speaks out: 'I'm not missing, just a little under the weather' " Jennifer Hudson on who influenced her new Netflix movie role
Sections Home The Corner Bench Memos Morning Jolt The G-File Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts All Articles Search Donate E-mails & Alerts Subscribe Print Subscribe Digital Store Advertising About Contact Privacy NR Institute National Review Login The Corner The one and only. The Supply-Side Dream Team Has a Message for Republicans: Don’t Make Tax Reform So Complicated Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Veronique de Rugy April 19, 2017 6:44 PM Writing in the New York Times Wednesday morning, the dream team of supply-side economics — Larry Kudlow, Steve Moore, Steve Forbes, and Art Laffer — have a message for Congress and the president: Don’t make tax reform so complicated that you end up killing it. They have a plan: First, cut the federal corporate and small-business highest tax rate to 15 percent from 35 percent, which is now one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world. Second, allow businesses to immediately deduct the full cost of their capital purchases. Full expensing of new factories, equipment and machinery will jump-start business investment, which since 2000 has grown at only one-third the rate recorded from 1950 to 2000. Third, impose a low tax on the repatriation of foreign profits brought back to the United States. This could attract more than $2 trillion to these shores, raising billions for the Treasury while creating new jobs and adding to the United States’ gross domestic product. . . .  Next, Republicans should abandon the so-called border-adjustable tax. A border tax is a poison pill for the tax plan: It divides the very business groups that the party needs to rally behind tax reform. Retailers like Walmart will never go along. A carbon tax would be even worse. The best way to bring jobs back to America is to simply lower tax rates now while rolling back anti-jobs regulations, such as rules that inhibit American energy production. While they are all for it, they rightly explain that individual tax reform can wait until 2018. The priority should be on jobs and the economy. That’s why the corporate tax reform is the place to start. Not only is our system horribly punishing — but what most people fail to understand is that, depending on the study, anywhere between 18 and 60 percent of the corporate tax is actually shouldered by workers in the form of lower wages. It is a well-documented fact that “middle-class wages rise when business taxes fall,” the authors note. Finally, let’s not forget that until recently there was actually a lot of support on the Democratic side for corporate tax reform. They suggest reactivating this support by jacking up infrastructure spending. As part of this bill, we should create a fund dedicated to rebuilding America’s roads, highways, airports and pipelines, and modernizing the electric grid and broadband access — financed through the tax money raised from repatriation of foreign profits. As much as possible, this bill should include private financing for projects like toll roads and energy drilling. We also favor “user pays” financing, such as toll roads, and we would oppose any Fannie Mae-type financing structure for projects that would put taxpayers on the hook for hundreds of billions in potential losses. Using the repatriated revenue for infrastructure spending bothers me, but I can see how it would be a good move politically. Interestingly, those who favor the Republican Tax Blueprint are already arguing that the problem with not doing it all now (which is not possible anyway) is that when Democrats are in power they may undo the smaller set of reforms. That is possible — yet I find this argument interesting because these are the same people who are willing to pay for all the big reforms in the Blueprint with a border-adjustment tax (BAT). That feature, as I have argued before, puts a structure in place that could allow large tax-rate increases, a move to a VAT, and possibly a move to a VAT with a return of the corporate tax like the Europeans have when the Democrats are in power. In other words, the worst that can happen under the Kudlow-Moore-Forbes-Laffer plan is a return to our current system — which is bad but isn’t as awful as what the BAT could devolve into. Anyhow, the whole thing is here. The Corner The one and only. Full Blog More Stories Load More Get Our Newsletters   Trending on National Review     About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking UPDATE: Police ID woman stabbed in Chesterton homicide Close Seth Wenig In this Jan. 30, 2013, file photo, a bulldog named Munch, left, and a puppy named Dominique attend a news conference at the American Kennel Club in New York. Bulldogs grabbed the No. 4 spot in the American Kennel Club's list of most popular dogs for 2016. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) AP PetSmart makes biggest e-commerce acquisition deal ever Wibbitz 4 hrs ago In this Jan. 30, 2013, file photo, a bulldog named Munch, left, and a puppy named Dominique attend a news conference at the American Kennel Club in New York. Bulldogs grabbed the No. 4 spot in the American Kennel Club's list of most popular dogs for 2016. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Seth Wenig PetSmart has made the biggest e-commerce deal ever, beating out Walmart's $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com. The pet store giant has acquired competitor Chewy.com for $3.35 billion, according to Recode. Chewy is a startup that launched in 2011, and although it is still not profitable, PetSmart clearly has high hopes for the venture. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "Chewy's high-touch customer e-commerce service model and culture centered around a love of pets is the ideal complement to PetSmart's store footprint and diverse offerings," said Michael Massey, CEO of PetSmart. "Together, PetSmart and Chewy will provide the most convenient customer experience to a wider base of pet parents across every channel." In this Jan. 30, 2013, file photo, a bulldog named Munch, left, and a puppy named Dominique attend a news conference at the American Kennel Club in New York. Bulldogs grabbed the No. 4 spot in the American Kennel Club's list of most popular dogs for 2016. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Seth Wenig Related to this topic 15 delicious dishes that say Region What are the highest-paying careers? Photos: Exploring the abandoned factories of Milan, Italy Faces of the Region: 2017 World Civility Day Dinner Faces of the Region: 2017 World Civility Day Workshops Tags Wire Petsmart Chewy.com E-commerce Latest in section This Is Terrible News for Under Armour Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration eBay Inc. Delivers Another Solid Quarter Lawsuit seeks to block Strack & Van Til parent company from sale O'Reilly out at Fox News Channel, still denies allegations More on this topic This Is Terrible News for Under Armour Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration eBay Inc. Delivers Another Solid Quarter O'Reilly out at Fox News Channel, still denies allegations Is This Wall Street Firm Underestimating AMD? Most Popular on nwi.com Strack & Van Til being sold, nine Ultra stores to close UPDATE: Police ID woman stabbed in Chesterton homicide Hammond police nab man after introducing new technology UPDATE: No explanation for door left ajar at Valpo school UPDATE: Police find guns, knives, 15 children at Merrillville day care Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Entertainment Slideshow: Best-selling books Pets 10 dog breeds that won’t make you sneeze National News Which states get the most state-level school funding? Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez hangs himself in his prison cell Kevin Durant won't play for Warriors in Game 2 of playoffs Russell's HR caps 4-run 9th as Cubs top Brewers 7-4 O'Reilly's departure creates new challenges for Fox Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Munster Animal Hospital 10421 Calumet Avenue, Munster, IN 46321 Stevenson and Fairchild OMS 61 West 86th Avenue, Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads Illiana Heating & Cooling 11407 Wicker Ave, Cedar Lake, IN 46303 Quality Floors Of America 1421 E Summit St, Crown Point, IN 46307 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Brad's Designs & Jewelry Unique Custom Designed Jewelry from Brad's Designs & Jewelry in Crown Point, IN! Updated Apr 13, 2017 House Of Bianco Beauty Concepts & Day Spa Give the gift of relaxation with a gift certificate to House of Bianco Beauty Concepts & Day Spa! Updated Apr 13, 2017 Gutter Guru Inc Gutter Guru Has The Experience You Want! The Gutter Guru proudly provides Porter County with the best in installations and repairs! Call us today! 219-771-7884 Updated Apr 13, 2017 K's Construction & Roofing Inc Start planning your spring home remodeling projects. Call K's Construction & Roofing Today! 219-405-5146 Updated Apr 13, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Missing Juveniles The Scott County Sheriff’s Office is requesting the public’s assistance in locating two missing teens from the New Prague area.  They were last seen together at 10:58 AM on 4/15/2017 leaving the Walmart in Shakopee. The initial investigation into their disappearance has uncovered communications that suggest that they may be interested in traveling to Austin, Texas.  The children are identified as the following: Hailey Ann Delbow 16years old 5’04” 145 lbs.   Terry Dewayne Cook 17 years old 5’8” 110 lbs. They were last seen driving a silver 2007 Volkswagen Jetta, MN license plate 678DXW.   “These kids are just that – kids,” said Scott County Sheriff Luke Hennen.  “There’s little chance that they fully understand the risks and dangers of their actions.  If they need help for any reason, help can be provided, no questions asked.  But our first priority is making sure these juveniles return home safely, and we’re asking the public’s help in ensuring that happens.”   If seen, please call 911.  If you have a tip, go to the Scott County Sheriff’s Office Facebook page at: https://www.facebook.com/ScottCoSheriffOffice, and click on “Submit A Tip,” or you may submit an anonymous tip via text message by texting SCSOTIPS and your tip to 847411.  You may also leave a message at (952) 496-8755. Link to pdf file (contains photos of missing juveniles) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Endodontic Micromotors Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Next PostNext Medallia Introduces the Future of Customer Experience Search Recent Posts Offer: Special Congressional Publications HNI Corporation Reports Earnings For First Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Core Lab Reports First Quarter 2017 Results: E-Bike Market is anticipated to have a Lucrative CAGR of 4% worldwide by 2022 2021 Future Outlook of Small UAV Industry Proudly powered by WordPress
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe sports — High School Sports Joshua Pagan is a leader on and off the diamond for Frankford Updated: April 20, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT Facebook icon 109Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Bill O’Reilly out at Fox News, denies wrongdoing; Tucker Carlson will take over timeslot Apr 19 - 5:46 PM Which Phillies prospects would you trade for Angels star Mike Trout? Apr 19 - 11:50 AM Shopping Cart icon Buy Photo RICK O\'BRIEN / Staff Joshua Pagan is a senior catcher and captain for Frankford's baseball team. by Rick O'Brien, STAFF WRITER Twitter icon @ozoneinq | Mail icon robrien@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @ozoneinq Rick O'Brien Staff Writer Rick O'Brien has been writing for the Inquirer since 1993, primarily covering high school sports in Southeastern Pennsylvania. He focuses on football and boys' basketball and baseball, with other events (Penn Relays, regattas on the Schuylkill, etc.) and some pro sports mixed in. More by Rick O'Brien Joshua Pagan is a leader on and off the diamond for Frankford Apr 19 Zach Boop stays hot, pitches Neshaminy past Pennsbury Apr 18 Neumann-Goretti plans to field football squad in fall Apr 15 Frankford's Joshua Pagan takes an incredibly positive approach to being a major multitasker. The 18-year-old is a four-year starter behind the plate, a take-charge captain and a powerful cleanup batter. Away from baseball, he has a 3.9 grade point average and is senior class president, president of the National Honor Society and part of a peer connection group. On top of that, Pagan has a 4-year-old son, Josh. He was an eighth grader when he became a parent. "I guess I would say it was a beautiful mistake," Pagan said of becoming a father at such a young age. "Everything happens for a reason, and Josh has been a true blessing." To aid in the financial support of his son, Pagan, who lives three blocks from Frankford, works 24 hours a week at a Walmart in Northeast Philadelphia. Instead of taking a downward turn or dropping out of school, Pagan, who also wrestled the last two seasons, has thrived while juggling his many responsibilities. "When Josh came into the world and I held him for the first time, it clicked that life wasn't just about me anymore," he said. "It was a reality check. It motivated me to be a good person and dad." Pagan, who has five sisters and two brothers, said he left his family's home in the summer. He now rents an apartment with his fiancée, Melanie, and her older sister. Pagan said he is working with his former girlfriend regarding shared custody. "When you look at what he's been able to accomplish despite the obstacles, it's pretty amazing," Frankford baseball coach Juan Namnun said. On Monday afternoon, Melanie watched as Pagan and the host Pioneers blanked Olney Charter, 4-0, in a Public League Division A contest. "She's been my other half since sophomore year," Pagan said. "Whenever I'm feeling down or stressed, she's there to pick me up. She tells me to relax and just worry about the next thing in front of me." Pagan said Namnun has been "like a father figure for me. I want to be just like him when I grow up." Namnun and his wife, Lena, teach health and physical education and history, respectively, at Frankford. The couple has three boys, 15, 12, and 9. "Mrs. Namnun is a moderator for the peer connection group, a program that has upperclassmen mentor freshmen and special-needs kids," Pagan said. "She's had a big influence on me as well." Frankford was 4-1 overall and 4-0 in the Public League going into Wednesday's game against String Theory Charter. The Pioneers are aiming to claim their first Public League title since 2013. Of Pagan, who last season earned first-team all-league honors, Juan Namnun said, "There's no denying the fact that he's the leader of this team. He's without a doubt one of the best captains I've ever had." Pagan said he plans to play baseball and major in biology at Penn State-Abington. His goal is to be a doctor at Children's Hospital of Philadelphia. "Having a child played a big part in me wanting to be a pediatrician," he said. "I love seeing Josh, and all kids, smile." robrien@phillynews.com @ozoneinq www.philly.com/ozone Read more by Rick O'Brien Published: April 20, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in sports Phillies Velasquez lasts six innings, but Phillies fall to Mets Sixers Sixers need to bring back Ilyasova Bob Ford Does the Pacers' Paul George fit the 76ers' plans? Less stress for Penn State offense this spring, running back says Penn Relays face competition in town next week: the NFL draft Bryan Colangelo too slick for his own good Phillies Ben Lively, Mark Leiter Jr. in big leagues at last Andy Talley continues to score big with bone-marrow donor program Winless Union showing little fight Demoted by the Flyers, Scott Laughton is back on track with the Phantoms 2014 Eagles picks began with a reach Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Skip to content Search for: Search Kopitiam Bot News · Lifestyle · Tech · Singapore Home Current Affairs Technology Startups Money Matters Lifestyle Contact Us About Technology The 30 Games I’d Most Like To See On SNES Classic Date: 2017-04-20Author: kopitiambot (Source: kotaku.com) All images courtesy VG Museum Considering Nintendo’s bizarre decision-making process, it’s nice to hear that the company may be doing the correct and obvious thing and releasing a SNES Classic this holiday season. Here are the games I’d put on it if I were in charge. Now, I should point out that the existence of a mini-SNES is not official yet, but it’s being reported by Eurogamer, which blew the Switch wide open before its unveiling, so… maybe? Super Nintendo nostalgia seems, these days, to be much more powerful than the longing for the days of 8-bit, so such a product could be far more successful than the NES Classic. (That’s assuming that Nintendo doesn’t manufacture a half-dozen of them and sell them at a single Wal-Mart in Poughkeepsie, which I’m not ready to rule out yet.) The following is not just a pie-in-the-sky wish list of games I liked as a 90s teen. I respect you too much to inflict that upon you. This is a real attempt at crafting a feasible list of games that Nintendo could re-publish in 2017. So as much as I agree that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles IV: Turtles In Time or NBA Jam were pivotal elements of the SNES experience, Nintendo’s highly unlikely to want to pay for those licenses again. And as much as I’d like to, we can’t just load the whole damn thing up with Square Enix RPGs. So I’ve tried to balance out the genres, the mix of first- and third-party software, and single-player versus multiplayer gaming. 1. Super Mario World 2. The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past 3. Super Metroid The SNES only had one (traditional) Mario, one Zelda, and one Metroid, and not only are they three of the best games on the system, they’re quite frankly three of the best games on any system that they’re available on. Shoo-ins, the whole group of them. 4. Earthbound The SNES is home to one of the most personal, touching, brilliant role-playing games ever made. Maybe it will even get some new fans by being included in this collection! We can only dream. 5. Super Punch-Out!! Closer in aesthetic and gameplay to the original arcade games than the NES version, Super Punch-Out!! continues the series’ long-held traditions of rhythm-based, pattern-matching boxing action and lighthearted ethnic stereotyping. 6. Donkey Kong Country 7. Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy’s Kong Quest I only ever played the first DKC and wasn’t a big fan, but I’m putting it here for you, Rareware fans. Plus its supposedly better sequel. But not the third installment. This is all you get. 8. Kirby Super Star 9. Kirby’s Dream Land 3 10. Kirby’s Dream Course Kirby is a surprisingly popular franchise, so I feel pretty good about three of the SNES Classic’s slots being taken up by his games, especially since they’re so diverse—Dream Land is a traditional adventure, Super Star is a collection of mini-games, and Kirby’s Dream Course is actually a wonderful spin on miniature golf. 11. Super Mario World 2: Yoshi’s Island 12. Star Fox Here’s where we get into potential trouble, as Nintendo has never re-released any of its games that originally used the Super FX coprocessor chip. Licensing issues, perhaps? Either way, the release of the SNES Classic should be good enough reason for Nintendo to get all that worked out, because these two games really should be on there. (This would also be a great time for Nintendo to finally release the canceled Star Fox 2, now that I think of it.) 13. Pilotwings 14. F-Zero Launch games ahoy! Not the fondly remembered classic that Super Mario World was, but still good (and, again, balance out our genre diversity a little more). 15. Super Mario Kart This reminds me that, unlike what it did with the NES Classic, Nintendo really, really needs to get some extra controllers into the market for SNES Classic. Playing Mario Kart alone would be a bummer. 16. Tetris Attack I know I said that there won’t be any games with licenses that Nintendo has to pay for, but hear me out: This brilliant puzzle game never should have had Tetris in the title to begin with, so this is a perfect time for Nintendo to do its own ROM hacking, take out the T-word, and rename this to Yoshi’s Puzzle League. The NES Classic’s game library was just about half Nintendo, half third parties, so I’m keeping that balance for my list. Ideally, Nintendo would deal with as few third parties as possible for this system to keep the business end more manageable. Here are the four outside software makers I think they should be working with this time: 17. Demon’s Crest 18. Final Fight 2 19. Mega Man X3 20. Street Fighter II Turbo: Hyper Fighting From Capcom’s massive stable of Super NES classics, I’d suggest these. There are many Street Fighter games on the SNES, but you really only need one, so let’s go with the classic Turbo. I’d suggest the first Final Fight if the SNES version wasn’t such an unholy mess; the sequel at least has a two-player mode! I figure one Mega Man is enough, so X3 is probably the best pick. And then there’s the wonderful Demon’s Crest. 21. Super Castlevania IV 22. Contra III 23. Castlevania Dracula X 24. Gradius III Konami, for all its major flaws, is at least all-in on Virtual Console, so it should be rewarded with four slots on the SNES Classic. Like the NES Classic I think it should have two Castlevania games and one Contra. Gradius III gives the SNES Classic a single outer-space shmup, although you could swap this out with Axelay if you like. 25. Wild Guns 26. Pocky & Rocky I have a soft spot in my heart for plucky li’l Natsume, and I think two of its SNES games would help to round out the lineup here and add in some two-player goodness: Wild Guns is a cooperative shooting-gallery type game with a Western aesthetic, and Pocky is an adorable top-down scrolling shooter starring a priestess and her tanuki pal. 27. Secret of Mana 28. Final Fantasy VI 29. Chrono Trigger 30. Actraiser Square Enix, Square Enix. You’re the big question: will you play ball? Japan’s premier RPG publisher put the original Final Fantasy on the NES Classic (and Final Fantasy III on the mini Famicom released in Japan), so it’s clearly not against having its products included on these devices. I’m fairly sure it would let Actraiser, a brilliant combo of Castlevania-style action and town-building simulation, go for a song. But Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy III, and Secret of Mana? One thing’s for sure—when would-be buyers say that they’d kill for a SNES Classic, these are the games they’re saying they would do a murder for. And that’s my 30. For the statisticians among you, some numbers: Games with multiplayer: 14/30. By genre (roughly): 12 Action, 2 Action/Adventure, 1 Fighting, 1 Puzzle, 4 Shooting, 4 RPGs, 5 quote-unquote “Sports,” and 1 Magically Undefinable. Games that have already been released on some platform’s Virtual Console in the U.S.: 26/30. Agree? Disagree? Feel free to let me know; just please don’t say Shaq Fu. More Info: kotaku.com Advertisements Share this: Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Telegram Email LinkedIn More Print Pocket Tumblr Google Like this: Like Loading... Related classicfinalgamesmarionesnintendosnessupertheyrethink Published by kopitiambot Kopitiam Bot is a blog started by a Singaporean & his robot. They are passionate about current affairs, technology, startups, money-matters, lifestyle, and a good cup of coffee. We named our site Kopitiam Bot because it is essentially a human-serving robot that serves you the latest summaries and trends — all while you "relak one corner" in the coffeeshop. View all posts by kopitiambot Post navigation Previous Previous post: Motor racing: Lewis Hamilton stunned as teen driver has legs amputated Next Next post: Modder Makes Over $4,000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 Search for: Search Blog Stats 945,845 hits Recent Posts Indonesian rupiah weakens slightly after Jakarta election 2017-04-20 Guide to Pasir Ris and Changi 2017-04-20 I won’t trade in my iPhone for a Samsung Galaxy S8 — here’s why 2017-04-20 Loud sex sounds stall pro tennis match in Florida 2017-04-20 NTU professor pleads guilty to shoplifting 2017-04-20 Improve employee device access, security for happier workplace, customers: Dell 2017-04-20 A new feature coming to Windows 10 could throttle background apps to save battery 2017-04-20 ESports to be a medal event at 2022 Asian Games 2017-04-20 Curb tobacco access to fight youth smoking 2017-04-20 Press Releases 2017-04-20 Tech firms urge court to toss Trump travel ban 2017-04-20 Frasers Centrepoint’s Aussie arm seals deals on Sydney hotel, commercial space 2017-04-20 Indonesia prosecutors call for one-year jail term for Jakarta governor 2017-04-20 Young couple get help after losing nearly everything in house fire 2017-04-20 New ‘Australian values’ test planned for citizenship 2017-04-20 Categories Current Affairs (21,002) Lifestyle (5,419) Money Matters (15,788) Startups (693) Technology (14,016) Tags app apple asia bank best billion business car cent china chinese city companies company crime data day dont east economy finance food game games going good group iphone know life man market markets million minister money need online players president price public report security service singapore singapores south state states stocks street system team Technology things think times told trade transport trump trumps united used users video wall watch way week work world worth york Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 1,771 other followers © 2017 Kopitiam Bot Powered by WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Tampa Bay Newspapers 9911 Seminole Blvd., Seminole, FL 33772 Phone: (727) 397-5563 Fax: (727) 397-5900 Submit News      Search Site Classifieds Articles - Archives   9911 Seminole Blvd. Seminole, FL 33772       Ph. 727-397-5563   View TBN's FREE e-Edition today!   TBN e-Edition Log in or Sign up Classifieds Classifieds Front Classifieds Search Place a Classified Just for Fun Crossword Puzzle Sudoku Puzzle Horoscope Local News Front Page Pinellas County Crime, Crashes & Fires TBN Publications Beach Beacon Belleair Bee Clearwater Beacon Dunedin Beacon Largo Leader Palm Harbor Beacon Pinellas Park Beacon Tarpon Springs Beacon Seminole Beacon More Local Content Health News Outdoors & Recreation Pet News Reader's Forum School News Viewpoints Volunteer News Entertainment Art & Museums Movie News & Reviews Music & Concerts Out & About Stage & Theater Online Calendars Community Calendar Entertainment Calendar Live Music Calendar Archives Browse Archives Search Archives Online Only Community Links Discovering Pinellas Food & Recipes Grocery Coupons Reader's Recipes Reader's Choice Hurricane Guide Weather Forecast Services Directory Automotive Guide Online Dining Guide Medical Directory Real Estate Guide RSS Feeds General Info About TBN Contact TBN Online Forms Deadlines Media Kit Rate card CVC Audit Report Testimonials Seminole Beacon     > Front Page > Seminole Beacon > Article View Holiday Inn Express comes to Seminole The citys first hotel opens for business at Bay Pines-area mixed-use development By TIFFANY RAZZANO, Tampa Bay Newspapers Article published on Tuesday, April 18, 2017   Print E-Mail     Photo SUBMITTED The Holiday Inn Express at Bay Pines held its grand opening April 12. The hotel, which is part of the 60-acre mixed-use development across from the Bay Pines VA Healthcare System, is the first hotel to open within Seminole city limits. SEMINOLE  The city celebrated the grand opening of a Holiday Inn Express  Seminoles long-awaited first hotel - April 12. The InterContinental Hotels Group hotel is part of a 60-acre mixed-use development anchored by a Wal-mart SuperCenter and located across from the Bay Pines VA Healthcare System. The development also includes The Courtney at Bay Pines, a 330-unit luxury apartment complex; The Cove at Bay Pines, a subdivision of single-family homes; a Village Inn; a Texas Roadhouse restaurant; and other retail stores. MPH Hotels Inc., owner-operator of the new Holiday Inn Express, invested more than $15 million to build the 121-room hotel, said Heather Davis, general manager. It also features a new sign and brand standards as part of the Holiday Inn chains $1 billion, worldwide brand re-launch. Its really exciting to be in Seminole, Davis said. This is the perfect location for a hotel. Its a great addition to Seminole. She grew up in Seminole, so shes familiar with the area, she said. She attended Blessed Sacrament Catholic School. She currently lives in unincorporated Largo and her children attend Seminole High School. So I know this area well, she said. Its the perfect fit. She said the hotel will draw both corporate guests and vacationers. I believe that well probably have a corporate base during the week and on the weekend well probably sell leisure, she said. The Holiday Inn Express opened in early April, two weeks ahead of schedule, Davis added. Everything just seemed to fall in place and we were able to open earlier, she said. Roger Edelman, president of the Seminole Chamber of Commerce, who also sits on City Council, said the area has been in need of a hotel for decades. I think its an incredible addition to the area. Its the closest off-beach hotel that we have, he said. I think its just going to be an outstanding addition to Walmart, to the area, to Bay Pines and to all the folks who are coming into Seminole. We couldnt be more proud to have Holiday Inn be a partner with us in the chamber and the city. As the mixed-use development moved forward in recent years, initial plans called for a hotel component. But these plans were stymied by the struggling economy and the hotel was put on the backburner, Edelman said. From 2008 until about 2012, the economy wasnt strong, tourism wasnt strong, and I think there was some reluctance to build a hotel here because we do have hotels on the beach, he said. He added, But now when you look at the hotel and the proximity to Bay Pines, this is the absolute perfect place to have a hotel. Were proud to have it. We love to have it. Edelman said there is a potential for the hotel to partner with Bay Pines. He also said that MPH is interested in opening a second hotel in the Seminole-Largo area. Article published on Tuesday, April 18, 2017 Copyright © Tampa Bay Newspapers: All rights reserved. Printable Version E-mail article   Tuesday, April 18 •  City of Seminole backs off water tower negotiations •  Obituary: Djemal (DJ) Sulisufay, popular restauranteur Monday, April 17 •  Seminole historian in jail for possession of child pornography Wednesday, April 12 •  Holiday Inn Express opening mid-April in Seminole Tuesday, April 11 •  Sea Hags to open Seminole location •  Obituary: Jayne Marie Neel Tuesday, April 4 •  CPA discusses audit of 2016 finances •  BurgerFi opens location at Seminole City Center Featured Print Advertisers Oakhurst & East Bay Medical 13020 Park Blvd., Seminole (727) 393-3404 3800 East Bay Dr., Largo (727) 539-0505 Web site        View Ad Tarpon Springs Recreation Division 2017 Sunset Beach Concert Series Web site        View Ad Florida Center for Back & Neck Pain Dr. Greg Hollstrom 11444 Seminole Blvd. Largo (727) 393-6100 Web site        View Ad Flooring America 9012 Seminole Blvd., Seminole (727) 397-5509 100 Patricia Ave., Dunedin (727) 733-1356 Web site        View Ad Abbey Carpet & Floor of Largo 13120 66th St. N. Largo (727) 524-1445 Web site        View Ad Custom Couture of Tarpon Springs 208 East Tarpon Ave. Tarpon Springs (727) 238-7194 Web site        View Ad Tampa Bay Newspapers Online Advertising For information, e-mail webmaster@tbnweekly.com Online Services Directory   MEDICAL DIRECTORY ONLINE DINING GUIDE AUTOMOTIVE GUIDE REAL ESTATE GUIDE Tampa Bay Newspapers 9911 Seminole Blvd., Seminole, FL 33772 Phone: (727) 397-5563 Fax: (727) 397-5900 Submit News © 2003 - 2017 Tampa Bay Newspapers: All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Questions, Comments, Suggestions, email webmaster@tbnweekly.com
kotaku Deadspin Fusion Gizmodo Jalopnik Jezebel Kotaku Lifehacker The Root Video The Bests Steamed Cosplay Compete Snacktaku Highlight Reel Podcast Review The 30 Games I'd Most Like To See On SNES Classic Chris KohlerYesterday 4:30pm Filed to: SNES Classic SNES mini SNES Nintendo 295 11 Edit Promote Share to Kinja Toggle Conversation tools Go to permalink All images courtesy VG Museum Considering Nintendo’s bizarre decision-making process, it’s nice to hear that the company may be doing the correct and obvious thing and releasing a SNES Classic this holiday season. Here are the games I’d put on it if I were in charge. Advertisement Now, I should point out that the existence of a mini-SNES is not official yet, but it’s being reported by Eurogamer, which blew the Switch wide open before its unveiling, so… maybe? Super Nintendo nostalgia seems, these days, to be much more powerful than the longing for the days of 8-bit, so such a product could be far more successful than the NES Classic. (That’s assuming that Nintendo doesn’t manufacture a half-dozen of them and sell them at a single Wal-Mart in Poughkeepsie, which I’m not ready to rule out yet.) The following is not just a pie-in-the-sky wish list of games I liked as a 90s teen. I respect you too much to inflict that upon you. This is a real attempt at crafting a feasible list of games that Nintendo could re-publish in 2017. So as much as I agree that Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles IV: Turtles In Time or NBA Jam were pivotal elements of the SNES experience, Nintendo’s highly unlikely to want to pay for those licenses again. Advertisement And as much as I’d like to, we can’t just load the whole damn thing up with Square Enix RPGs. So I’ve tried to balance out the genres, the mix of first- and third-party software, and single-player versus multiplayer gaming. 1. Super Mario World 2. The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past 3. Super Metroid The SNES only had one (traditional) Mario, one Zelda, and one Metroid, and not only are they three of the best games on the system, they’re quite frankly three of the best games on any system that they’re available on. Shoo-ins, the whole group of them. 4. Earthbound The SNES is home to one of the most personal, touching, brilliant role-playing games ever made. Maybe it will even get some new fans by being included in this collection! We can only dream. 5. Super Punch-Out!! Closer in aesthetic and gameplay to the original arcade games than the NES version, Super Punch-Out!! continues the series’ long-held traditions of rhythm-based, pattern-matching boxing action and lighthearted ethnic stereotyping. 6. Donkey Kong Country 7. Donkey Kong Country 2: Diddy’s Kong Quest I only ever played the first DKC and wasn’t a big fan, but I’m putting it here for you, Rareware fans. Plus its supposedly better sequel. But not the third installment. This is all you get. 8. Kirby Super Star 9. Kirby’s Dream Land 3 10. Kirby’s Dream Course Kirby is a surprisingly popular franchise, so I feel pretty good about three of the SNES Classic’s slots being taken up by his games, especially since they’re so diverse—Dream Land is a traditional adventure, Super Star is a collection of mini-games, and Kirby’s Dream Course is actually a wonderful spin on miniature golf. 11. Super Mario World 2: Yoshi’s Island 12. Star Fox Here’s where we get into potential trouble, as Nintendo has never re-released any of its games that originally used the Super FX coprocessor chip. Licensing issues, perhaps? Either way, the release of the SNES Classic should be good enough reason for Nintendo to get all that worked out, because these two games really should be on there. (This would also be a great time for Nintendo to finally release the canceled Star Fox 2, now that I think of it.) 13. Pilotwings 14. F-Zero Launch games ahoy! Not the fondly remembered classic that Super Mario World was, but still good (and, again, balance out our genre diversity a little more). 15. Super Mario Kart This reminds me that, unlike what it did with the NES Classic, Nintendo really, really needs to get some extra controllers into the market for SNES Classic. Playing Mario Kart alone would be a bummer. 16. Tetris Attack I know I said that there won’t be any games with licenses that Nintendo has to pay for, but hear me out: This brilliant puzzle game never should have had Tetris in the title to begin with, so this is a perfect time for Nintendo to do its own ROM hacking, take out the T-word, and rename this to Yoshi’s Puzzle League. The NES Classic’s game library was just about half Nintendo, half third parties, so I’m keeping that balance for my list. Ideally, Nintendo would deal with as few third parties as possible for this system to keep the business end more manageable. Here are the four outside software makers I think they should be working with this time: 17. Demon’s Crest 18. Final Fight 2 19. Mega Man X3 20. Street Fighter II Turbo: Hyper Fighting From Capcom’s massive stable of Super NES classics, I’d suggest these. There are many Street Fighter games on the SNES, but you really only need one, so let’s go with the classic Turbo. I’d suggest the first Final Fight if the SNES version wasn’t such an unholy mess; the sequel at least has a two-player mode! I figure one Mega Man is enough, so X3 is probably the best pick. And then there’s the wonderful Demon’s Crest. 21. Super Castlevania IV 22. Contra III 23. Castlevania Dracula X 24. Gradius III Konami, for all its major flaws, is at least all-in on Virtual Console, so it should be rewarded with four slots on the SNES Classic. Like the NES Classic I think it should have two Castlevania games and one Contra. Gradius III gives the SNES Classic a single outer-space shmup, although you could swap this out with Axelay if you like. 25. Wild Guns 26. Pocky & Rocky I have a soft spot in my heart for plucky li’l Natsume, and I think two of its SNES games would help to round out the lineup here and add in some two-player goodness: Wild Guns is a cooperative shooting-gallery type game with a Western aesthetic, and Pocky is an adorable top-down scrolling shooter starring a priestess and her tanuki pal. 27. Secret of Mana 28. Final Fantasy VI 29. Chrono Trigger 30. Actraiser Square Enix, Square Enix. You’re the big question: will you play ball? Japan’s premier RPG publisher put the original Final Fantasy on the NES Classic (and Final Fantasy III on the mini Famicom released in Japan), so it’s clearly not against having its products included on these devices. Advertisement Sponsored I’m fairly sure it would let Actraiser, a brilliant combo of Castlevania-style action and town-building simulation, go for a song. But Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy III, and Secret of Mana? One thing’s for sure—when would-be buyers say that they’d kill for a SNES Classic, these are the games they’re saying they would do a murder for. And that’s my 30. For the statisticians among you, some numbers: Games with multiplayer: 14/30. By genre (roughly): 12 Action, 2 Action/Adventure, 1 Fighting, 1 Puzzle, 4 Shooting, 4 RPGs, 5 quote-unquote “Sports,” and 1 Magically Undefinable. Games that have already been released on some platform’s Virtual Console in the U.S.: 26/30. Agree? Disagree? Feel free to let me know; just please don’t say Shaq Fu. Chris Kohler @kobunheat Features Editor, Kotaku. Japanese curry aficionado. Author of the book Power-Up: How Japanese Video Games Gave the World an Extra Life. Reply295 repliesLeave a reply You may also like Kotaku Modder Makes Over $4,000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 Yesterday 4:00pm Kotaku · Kotaku Staff The 12 Best Games For The PlayStation 4 Yesterday 6:00pm Kotaku Palmer Luckey Backs Trump With Shell Companies Using Chrono Trigger Names Yesterday 7:30pm Recent from Chris Kohler 7 41 19.8K Kotaku · S.E. Doster 'Shaolin Shuffle' Is Infinity Ward's Best Call of Duty Zombies Map Yet Tuesday 8:04pm 7 94 38K Kotaku · Daniel Starkey Robert Yang Wants To Make VR 'Obscenely Gay' Monday 11:00am 17 110 51K Kotaku · Chris Kohler Storage Wars Buyer Finds $45,000 Worth of Classic Games Friday 2:30pm Deals · Jillian Lucas Today's Best Lifestyle Deals: The Bouqs, Skechers, Levi's, Sperry, and More Yesterday 11:40am Share Tweet About Blog Need Help? Content Guide Kotaku Store Redirecting to the Kotaku store in Disclaimer: You are leaving a Gizmodo Media Group, LLC website and going to a third party site, which is subject to its own privacy policy and terms of use. Continue Permissions Privacy Terms of Use Advertising Jobs RSS ©2017 Gizmodo Media Group Kinja is in read-only mode. We are working to restore service.
null
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search Best New Chefs RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS Spring Recipes Easter Passover Cinco De Mayo Kentucky Derby Mother's Day Memorial Day Father’s Day 4th of July Labor Day NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest North Carolina Restaurant Hosts Titanic-Themed Dinner What Happens When You Eat Gold? This Is How You Can Attend President Trump’s First White House Easter Egg Roll for Free Conveyor Belt Sushi Comes Back to Manhattan A San Francisco Startup Is Serving Chicken That Was Made in a Lab Hipster Stuff — Like Gin — Is Now Part of Cost of Living Measurements ​Strawberry ​String Cheese Is Testing The Limits of Lunch Boxes Here Are All the James Beard Award Nominees for 2017 These new cafés in the UK bring people together to talk about mental health Manny Ramirez Will Get Unlimited Sushi Playing Baseball In Japan Home News Previous 11 Rose Gold Homeware and Kitchen Gifts For Mother's Day and Graduation Next 8 Cult Food Items That Sold for Less Than a 19-Year-Old Package of McDonald's Dipping Sauce Sam's Club Now Has Its Very Own Line of Wines Latest North Carolina Restaurant Hosts Titanic-Themed Dinner What Happens When You Eat Gold? This Is How You Can Attend President Trump’s First White House Easter Egg Roll for Free Conveyor Belt Sushi Comes Back to Manhattan A San Francisco Startup Is Serving Chicken That Was Made in a Lab Hipster Stuff — Like Gin — Is Now Part of Cost of Living Measurements ​Strawberry ​String Cheese Is Testing The Limits of Lunch Boxes Here Are All the James Beard Award Nominees for 2017 These new cafés in the UK bring people together to talk about mental health Manny Ramirez Will Get Unlimited Sushi Playing Baseball In Japan © Bloomberg / Contributor / Getty Images By Elisabeth Sherman Posted April 19, 2017 Watch out Costco. Sam’s Club is Costco and Trader Joe’s newest competitor in the cheap wine market.  brightcove-video:5049064178001 The chain of club wholesale stores (owned by Wal-Mart) will unveil it’s very own line of house wines this year. The retailer is probably hoping to enjoy some of the success had by Costco, which has the honor of being the top wine retailer in the country—wine accounts for 20% of the store’s sales every year. Sam’s Club does sell wine at the moment, but not under it’s own brand.  Related If You Love Trader Joe's, Get Excited for Lidl Costco Is Hiking Its Membership Fees Costco Is Going to Deliver Groceries to 50 Different Cities Sam’s first wine is an $8 Chardonnay from California's central coast, according to Fortune. Next up will be a Cabarnet from Napa Valley and for those looking for an inexpensive way to be fancy, they’ll also be rolling out a prosecco and a champagne.  The wholesaler is currently undergoing a push to upgrade the quality of it’s products across the board. For instance, they recently began carrying a gourmet olive oil from Italy under it’s house brand, Member’s Mark (the equivalent at Costco's Kirkland). Sam’s Club used to carry 21 house brands, but hoping to make their merchandise more streamlined, they cut that number down to just one.  This is all part of a push to stock fancier food in their aisles, in order to lure in wealthier customers. Sam’s Club CEO called the move a “reset for our business.” Right now, there are 650 stores nationwide usually near Wal-Mart stores in lower income areas; the company wants to start opening ten more per year in more “affluent” communities.  “They pay a membership fee so they expect to find unique items," Chandra Holt, vice president of Sam's Club's private brands, told Fortune.  That means they’ll be introducing 300 new items to their stores, in addition to the wines, so look out for plenty more exciting new treats to pop at Sam’s Club in the very near future. Previous 11 Rose Gold Homeware and Kitchen Gifts For Mother's Day and Graduation Next 8 Cult Food Items That Sold for Less Than a 19-Year-Old Package of McDonald's Dipping Sauce The Dish Receive delicious recipes and smart wine advice 4x per week in this e-newsletter. Sign Up The Wine List Weekly pairing plus best bottles to buy. F&W Daily One sensational dish served fresh every day. Sponsored Stories powered by ZergNet Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Chinese New Year Super Bowl Recipes Valentine's Day Recipes Oscar Party Food Mardi Gras Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Christmas Recipes Christmas Dinner Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. foodandwine.com is part of the Time Inc. Food Collection and the MyRecipes Network.
Skip to main content Home Topics Associations Awards/Promotions Business Technology Earnings Economic Trends Logistics Mergers and Acquisitions Operations Project Management Purchasing Sales Management Software Supply Chain Workforce Development Big 50 Watch Manufacturing Minute Quick Hits Search Social Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Guides Companies Products Learn Digital Login Register Subscribe Channels MNET CHEM FM IMPO MBT PP Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Report: E-Commerce Leading To Rise In Warehouse Worker Pay 04/13/2017 - 9:11am Comments by Andy Szal Workforce Development A warehouse building boom — and a scarcity of available workers to staff them — reportedly resulted in the largest wage increase among warehouse workers in more than 10 years. The Wall Street Journal, citing data from logistics staffing firm ProLogistix, reported that starting pay for those employees climbed to $12.15 per hour in February, a 6 percent increase compared to February 2016 and more than double the average wage increase in the U.S. over that span. Retail giants — including Amazon and Walmart — hope to capitalize on the boom in e-commerce by rapidly building and leasing the distribution facilities needed to quickly ship items to customers. Although automation systems in new warehouses tend to suppress the job gains ordinarily seen in the past, the paper noted that attracting new workers is nonetheless difficult since the country remains at essentially full employment. Warehouse positions are generally low-paid and high-turnover — with little training or education required — but companies are reportedly offering everything from bonuses, pay raises and flexible scheduling to gift cards or employee events in order to prevent poaching. E-commerce warehouses are significantly larger than conventional warehouses, and even modest pay increases can dramatically increase retailers' labor costs. "A guy who makes $10 an hour, you offer $10.25, he’s going to leave,” Allegiance Staffing president Tom Landry told the Journal. "That's another tank of gas." And as shoppers grow more and more comfortable with e-commerce, the problem doesn't appear likely to abate soon. Federal labor numbers showed the warehouse and storage workforce grew by more than 5 percent in March compared to the same month last year, and Amazon alone recently announced plans to add 25,000 part-time warehouse workers over the next 12 months. Related Reads Report: States Seek Sales Taxes From Amazon Sellers Changing Channels? Online Opportunities and Risks for CPG Companies E-Commerce Fuels Record Warehouse Leases In Europe Will Amazon Curtail Investments After Latest Loss? Andy Szal Digital Reporter @SzalABM Full Bio > Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Industrial Distribution Facebook LinkedIn Twitter YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Directory FAQs Editorial Guidelines Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Topics Associations Awards/Promotions Big 50 Business Technology Earnings Economic Trends Logistics Mergers and Acquisitions Operations Project Management Purchasing Sales Management Software Supply Chain Workforce Development © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Whole Foods Could Be a Good Fit For Amazon Amazon reportedly considered making an offer for Whole Foods last fall. As activist investors target the grocery chain, here's why it could work. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Apr 19, 2017 at 1:22PM Whole Foods Market, Inc. (NASDAQ:WFM) stock spiked last week as the activist hedge fund Jana Partners took a stake in the grocer. Jana said it would seek to accelerate the company's turnaround strategy in response to six straight quarters of comparable sales decline, or seek a sale. According to Bloomberg, one potentially interested buyer was Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), which had considered targeting Whole Foods last fall and has been stepping up efforts to break into the grocery industry in recent months.  Image source: Motley Fool. The e-commerce giant revealed its cashier-less Amazon Go store last December, though the convenience store is still only open to Amazon employees, and it's also announced two soon-to-open grocery pickup facilities in Seattle.  With a market value of $11 billion following Jana's investment, Whole Foods would be by far Amazon's biggest acquisition -- which was previously the $1.2 billion it paid for Zappos in 2009 -- but it could be a good fit in at least few ways.  Similar customer bases Both Amazon and Whole Foods target similar customer segments. With its reputation for high-end organic fare, Whole Foods has always catered to a wealthier clientele, and its stores tend to be found in the country's most upscale enclaves. Amazon, with its online dominance and reputation for competitive prices, opens its online doors to all customers, but its exceedingly popular Prime membership program, with its $99 annual fee, courts higher-income Americans. One of the most revealing statistics about Amazon's business came last week when the NPD Group reported that just 42% of American consumers shopped on Amazon last year, despite it being one of the biggest retailers in the country. For comparison, 95% visited rival Wal-Mart and 84% shopped at Target. Therefore, many of Whole Foods' customers are likely to shop at Amazon and vice versa, making the two a logical match. Another advantage such a deal would give Amazon is that Whole Foods stores are mostly located near Amazon's customers, which would give it a valuable real estate footprint as the company seeks to enhance its grocery delivery model and reach its customers in other ways.  Gain supremacy over Instacart Amazon isn't alone in its grocery delivery ambitions. A number of start-ups offer delivery from conventional supermarkets, including Instacart, Fresh Direct, Peapod, and others. However, Instacart is generally considered Amazon Fresh's most prominent rival in the area as it just raised $400 million at a valuation of $3.4 billion. A key reason for Instacart's success has been its partnership with Whole Foods, which made a strategic investment in the delivery service for an undisclosed sum a year ago. Buying Whole Foods could help Amazon either sideline Instacart or acquire it if it so wished, which would bolster its position in grocery delivery. Beyond those factors, a combination of Whole Foods and Amazon would yield the usual synergies as Amazon would be able to leverage its distribution network and buying power to help lower prices at Whole Foods, a key obstacle in returning the company to growth.  Amazon has given no indication that it might still be interested in acquiring the leading natural foods grocer, though Jana considers it to be among a handful of potential buyers.   Just this week, reports emerged from The New York Post that Amazon was considering making a play for wholesale club BJ's. The privately owned bulk seller is seeking a buyer in a deal expected to be valued between $4 billion and $4.5 billion. With 213 locations in 15 states concentrated in the Northeast, BJ's lacks the national footprint that Whole Foods has, as well as the prime real estate that Whole Foods occupies. However, as a membership club, BJ's business model is similar to Amazon Prime's, and it carries a lower price tag. Whole Foods, as a national chain, would be a better fit for Amazon, but its market cap at $11 billion may make it too costly for the e-commerce leader. One way or another, however, Amazon seems bent on taking over a brick-and-mortar grocery business. A national chain like Whole Foods could help the company accelerate delivery, and give it a physical retail platform to experiment with. As Amazon's grocery ambitions continue to grow, don't be surprised to see it take over a chain like Whole Foods or BJ's in the near future. John Mackey, CEO of Whole Foods Market, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Whole Foods Market. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Apr 19, 2017 at 1:22PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $74.07 up $0.18 (0.24%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $899.20 down $-4.58 (-0.51%) Target NYSE:TGT $53.89 up $0.29 (0.54%) Whole Foods Market NASDAQ:WFM $34.91 up $0.09 (0.26%) Read More A Foolish Take: Amazon's Robot Army Why Amazon Is So Focused on Groceries Right Now Why Whole Foods' Future Is Smaller and Less Certain Than Ever To Challenge Amazon, Wal-Mart Should Follow Lyft's Example Why Whole Foods Market, Inc. Soared Today Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Whole Foods Could Be a Good Fit For Amazon @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN, $TGT, $WFM
Subscribe | Sign in. 69° A Few Clouds and Breezy See complete forecast Search menu Advanced Search Archives Site map Submit a photo News Today's news Weather Local news Town Talk Lights & Sirens Old Home Town Events Obituaries City hall Business State & regional Kansas government Crime, fire & courts Legal Announcements Schools & education First Bell KU news Heard on the Hill Haskell Couples Births Sound off Statehouse Live Sports KUsports Haskell Royals Chiefs Sporting KC High school Professional Columns KU Today Events Health Entertainment Living Faith Food Travel Home & Garden Pets Volunteers Events Health Opinion Staff blogs Editorials Letters to the editor Saturday column On the street Discussion/Forums Your turn Local columns Syndicated columns Submit your letter Multimedia Videos Photo galleries Audio slide shows Submit a photo Help Subscribe Social media directory Contact us Email & Text alerts Advanced search Submit a photo Submit a news item Emergency resources Username FAQ's Business Directory Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Apartments Deals Coupons Circulars LJWorld.com weblogs Town Talk An update on what may replace Lawrence's J.C. Penney when it closes; new commercial real estate brokerage opens Posted by Chad Lawhorn April 19, 2017 at 12:28 p.m. Advertisement We are in wait-and-wonder mode when it comes to Lawrence’s J.C. Penney store. Many of us are waiting for the going-out-of-business sale and the deals that come with it. Those in the development world, though, are wondering about the future of one of south Iowa Street’s larger retail buildings. I talked today with the Lawrence businessman who is leading the redevelopment efforts of the J.C. Penney property, and while he also is waiting and wondering, I didn’t hear any signs of worry from him. Martin Moore — who leads a group that owns the land the J.C. Penney store occupies — said he’s been fielding multiple inquiries since J.C. Penney announced last month that the Lawrence store was on its closure list. “I’ve been getting four or five calls a day from brokers and owners and people involved in the property world,” Moore said. “The only thing we’re telling people is ‘stay tuned.’ We have something we’re working on. It will be exciting to see what happens with it.” Lawrence's JCPenny store, 3311 Iowa St., is shown in this aerial file photo from July 2014. I had been checking in with some folks in the commercial real estate world about the prospects for the J.C. Penney building once the store closes, which is now expected to happen in late July. The view is the property at 3311 Iowa St. is well-situated. It has good visibility from Iowa Street, the area is seeing growing traffic volumes thanks to the opening of the South Lawrence Trafficway, and the building is right in the middle of a prime shopping district with Target, Wal-Mart, Kohl’s and others all either next door or across the street from the property. But the one piece of concern I heard is that J.C. Penney still has a lot of years left on its lease. That sometimes can slow redevelopment of a property. A landlord may not be motivated to make changes as long as he’s still contractually obligated to get a lease payment. And sometimes a store like J.C. Penney, which is fighting for survival, gets bogged down with other issues and doesn’t do the work needed to free the property for redevelopment. Moore, though, told me he doesn’t anticipate any such problems. He told me J.C. Penney actually owns the building, while Moore’s group owns the ground. “That is highly unlikely,” Moore said of a scenario where the building sits empty for a long period while J.C. Penney determines its strategy. “There is a lot of buzz for that area right now. It will not become a derelict piece of real estate.” Moore didn’t provide me any hints of what project he is working on for the building. However, there have been plenty of names in the news of chain stores looking at the Lawrence market. As part of the proposal for the KTen Crossing shopping center south of the SLT, the development group announced that Academy Sports, Designer Shoe Warehouse, HomeGoods, Fresh Market and Old Navy were all strongly interested in signing leases. But that center, proposed for the southeast corner of the SLT and Iowa Street interchange, didn’t win City Commission approval. The developer and the city are now engaged in a lawsuit over the matter. In the meantime, you have to wonder whether some of those retailers might look at the J.C. Penney building as an opportunity. The J.C. Penney building is about 80,000 square feet, which probably would be too large for all of those retailers with the possible exception of Academy. But that wouldn’t be a problem. The trend has been for big box stores to be converted into multi-tenant retail buildings. Think of the old Sears building at 27th and Iowa that now houses Dick’s Sporting Goods, Boot Barn, Petsmart, and Ulta Beauty. The building at 31st and Iowa that houses Bed Bath & Beyond, TJ Maxx and World Market used to be a Kmart. “The people who did that project did very well for themselves in how they repositioned that property,” Moore said of the former Kmart building. “There is a lot of work in a project like that, but they got rewarded in the end.” Again, I don’t have any idea what Moore has planned, but it will be interesting to watch whether the J.C. Penney closing ends up being viewed as a loss or an opportunity. In other news and notes from around town: • While we are talking about commercial real estate, keep your eyes open for a new sign around town. Stephens Real Estate — which has been a longtime residential real estate company — has started a commercial real estate division. More accurately, the company has restarted a commercial real estate division. Stephens had one of the larger commercial real estate businesses in town up until the late 1990s or so. But that part of its business faded away as several of its agents left to partner up with a national firm. But Stephens in recent weeks has hired Lawrence businessman Evan Holt to lead what it is calling Stephens Commercial. Some of you may know Holt as a co-owner of the Levee Cafe in North Lawrence. But Holt leaves the day-to-day operations of the diner business to his wife and business partner. Holt instead focuses more on property issues. He owns the commercial real estate near 25th and Iowa streets that used to house Kief’s Audio Video and now houses Boom Comics. He also was part of the group that redeveloped the property that now houses Raising Cane’s chicken along Iowa Street. He said his experience as a landlord should be helpful in the real estate business. “I speak the landlord language,” Holt said. Holt also has an MBA degree, and he said he plans to use that training to do a lot of analytical research and presentations on the Lawrence real estate market. Holt said his read of the Lawrence commercial market currently is that it is not nearly as hot of a market as Lawrence’s residential scene. But because of the relatively small number of commercial real estate agents in town, he thinks the community can benefit from a having another firm in the mix. He also thinks the commercial real estate market will pick up in Lawrence as new investors start looking at some older properties that are candidates for redevelopment. “People aren’t seeing that right now, and they aren’t jumping on some properties that are good candidates for that,” Holt said. The new division will operate as Stephens Commercial Real Estate, and at the moment, Holt will be the primary agent for the division. It will become one of several commercial brokers in town. The Lawrence office of Colliers International, Doug Brown of McGrew Commercial Real Estate and Lance Johnson of the Johnson Group are generally considered to be the three most active locally based firms, while several Kansas City firms also do business in town. Print Comment E-mail to a friend Facebook Tweet LinkedIn StumbleUpon Google + Tumblr Wordpress Reddit Copy and paste the link: Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Login/Signup Reply Tags JC Penney Stephens Commercial loading... Most discussed Most e-mailed Letter to the editor: Democratic elitists letting us down April 19, 2017 · 11 comments New report likely to give clues about size of possible state tax increase April 19, 2017 · 1 comment Brownback signs bill allowing sale of stronger beer in grocery, convenience stores April 18, 2017 · 8 comments Blog: Kansas City grocery company signs deal to locate store in downtown Lawrence; lawsuit could still derail project April 13, 2017 · 20 comments Lawrence school district's $87 million bond issue: A few frequently asked questions April 16, 2017 · 20 comments Letter to the editor: Value KPR April 12, 2017 · 60 comments City leaders want clearer picture regarding future of Lawrence transit April 19, 2017 · 1 comment Lawrence City Commission to review new amenities and partnership intended to make golf course profitable April 17, 2017 · 18 comments Letter to the editor: Not entry level April 18, 2017 · 12 comments Letter to the editor: Justice Matters’ tactics are divisive April 19, 2017 · 4 comments More Blunt force trauma killed infant at Eudora day care, prosecutors say; judge lowers bond for accused woman April 19, 2017 More Advertisement Sections Today's news / Local / State / Sports / Entertainment / Living / Business / Opinion / Faith / Politics / LJWorld.com News archives / About / Feedback / Contact / Media licensing requests / Terms of service / Staff / Jobs / Sitemap / e-Edition Services Subscribe / Advertising / Customer service / Online Store Submit News / Photo / Events / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Births / Letter to the Editor / Press release / DMCA Notice Also online Photos / Podcasts / Videos / Circulars / Mobile edition / Email Alerts & Newsletters / Kansas Weddings Magazine / Social media directory Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman FTC Obtains Court Order Halting Telemarketing Scheme that Preyed on Spanish Speaking Consumers At the Federal Trade Commission’s request, a federal court has halted an operation whose telemarketers in Peru allegedly used deceptive and abusive tactics to sell products for learning English to Spanish-speaking consumers throughout the United States. The court froze the defendants’ assets pending resolution of the case. According to the FTC’s complaint, the defendants sold booklets, CDs, DVDs, tablets and a Spanish-English dictionary, and threatened to sue, arrest or jail consumers, or seize their homes, if they didn’t pay. They pretended to be affiliated with the government, centro de ayuda (non-governmental “help center”), well-known companies such as Walmart, or a Spanish-language radio station. The defendants’ telemarketers allegedly “spoofed” phony caller IDs to get people to answer their phones, giving the impression that the calls were from emergency responders or people they had listed as references. They falsely told people they were specifically chosen for a language course and would receive personal instruction for $199 to $799, which they claimed was up to 80 percent off the regular price. The telemarketers allegedly often told consumers they had won a Samsung or iPad tablet computer they could have by paying $200 for shipping and handling, taxes, insurance, or a warranty. But the tablets were generic brands and older models, and there was no insurance or warranty. When consumers declined a sales pitch or canceled delivery, the telemarketers allegedly said they were lawyers or government officials and made threats for nonpayment. In some cases, even after consumers paid, the telemarketers kept calling and making false claims and threats. ABC Hispana, Inc., ISB Latino, Inc., ABC Latina, LLC, Gonzalo Ricardo Bazán Jiménez and Milagros Raquel Urmeneta are charged with violating the FTC Act and the Telemarketing Sales Rule. The Commission seeks to permanently stop their allegedly deceptive conduct, prevent future law violations, and provide refunds to consumers. The FTC thanks AYUDA for bringing this matter to the FTC’s attention.  For consumer information about dealing with phone fraud, see the FTC blog Phone Scams. To stay informed about fraud, sign up to receive FTC Scams alerts at consumer.ftc.gov/scam-alerts. All of the FTC’s consumer education information is available in Spanish at consumidor.ftc.gov. The Commission vote authorizing the staff to file the complaint was 3-0. The FTC filed the complaint and the request for a temporary restraining order in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California on February 13, 2017. NOTE: The Commission files a complaint when it has “reason to believe” that the law has been or is being violated and it appears to the Commission that a proceeding is in the public interest. The case will be decided by the court. The Federal Trade Commission works to promote competition, and protect and educate consumers. You can learn more about consumer topics and file a consumer complaint online or by calling 1-877-FTC-HELP (382-4357). Like the FTC on Facebook, follow us on Twitter, read our blogs and subscribe to press releases for the latest FTC news and resources. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pixio Participates in Trade Mission to Korea and Taiwan Next PostNext Global Pressure Filling Machine Market 2017 : Unknown, Technology, Filamatic, Simplex, Pflauder Search Recent Posts EPA Administrator Visits Contaminated Site in East Chicago, Pledges Coordinated Cleanup Among Federal, State and Local Partners CELADON SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK & FOTI, LLC REMINDS INVESTORS WITH LOSSES IN EXCESS OF $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Celadon Group Inc. – (CGI) First patients at Vanderbilt University Medical Center implanted in EndoStim’s LESS GERD clinical trial for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) Arak Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Vitalwerteder Athleten werden bei einer Live Online-Übertragung der Panasonic Open Golf Championship 2017 sichtbar Proudly powered by WordPress
Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Acquires the Pentucket Shopping Center in Plaistow, New Hampshire Pentucket Shopping Center, Plaistow, New Hampshire (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Pentucket Shopping Center, Plaistow, New Hampshire (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail April 19, 2017 11:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time OAK BROOK, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“Inland Income Trust”) announced today the acquisition of the 199,335-square-foot Pentucket Shopping Center in Plaistow, New Hampshire, located approximately one mile north of the Massachusetts state border and approximately 40 miles north of Boston. Mark Cosenza, senior vice president of Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., facilitated the purchase of the property on behalf of Inland Income Trust. Originally constructed in 1986 and remodeled in 2004, Pentucket Shopping Center is located at 58 Plaistow Road. “Pentucket Shopping Center is a terrific addition to Inland Income Trust’s retail portfolio because of its exceptional location and variety of high quality, necessity-based retail offerings, including a Walmart Supercenter shadow anchor,” said Mitchell Sabshon, president and chief executive officer of Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation. “Serving as the area’s primary retail destination and ideally positioned in New Hampshire near the border of Massachusetts, Pentucket Shopping Center draws approximately 584,000 consumers within a 15-mile radius and provides the benefit of no sales tax in New Hampshire.” Pentucket Shopping Center was 98 percent leased as of the acquisition date. Tenants at the center include The Home Depot, Staples, Bed Bath & Beyond, Hallmark, Sally Beauty Supply, Sport Clips and Santander Bank. About Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. was formed to acquire, directly or indirectly, a portfolio of commercial real estate located throughout the United States. Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. is focused on acquiring primarily core multi-tenant retail assets. Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. is sponsored by Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation. For more information, please visit www.inland-investments.com. Contacts Inland Marketing & Communications, Inc. Alyssa Campbell, (630) 218-2887 alyssa.campbell@inlandgroup.com Release Summary Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. announced the acquisition of the 199,335-square-foot Pentucket Shopping Center in Plaistow, New Hampshire. #Hashtags #transaction #acquisition #retail #Massachusetts #CRE #REIT #investment #grocery #shopper #shopping #NewHampshire #homeimprovement #Walmart #realestate #consumer Contacts Inland Marketing & Communications, Inc. Alyssa Campbell, (630) 218-2887 alyssa.campbell@inlandgroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Acquires the Pentucket Shopping Center in Plaistow, New Hampshire OAK BROOK, Ill.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“Inland Income Trust”) announced today the acquisition of the 199,335-square-foot Pentucket Shopping Center in Plaistow, New Hampshire, located approximately one mile north of the Massachusetts state border and approximately 40 miles north of Boston. Mark Cosenza, senior vice president of Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., facilitated the purchase of the property on behalf of Inland Income Trust. Originally constructed in 1986 and remodeled in 2004, Pentucket Shopping Center is located at 58 Plaistow Road. “Pentucket Shopping Center is a terrific addition to Inland Income Trust’s retail portfolio because of its exceptional location and variety of high quality, necessity-based retail offerings, including a Walmart Supercenter shadow anchor,” said Mitchell Sabshon, president and chief executive officer of Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation. “Serving as the area’s primary retail destination and ideally positioned in New Hampshire near the border of Massachusetts, Pentucket Shopping Center draws approximately 584,000 consumers within a 15-mile radius and provides the benefit of no sales tax in New Hampshire.” Pentucket Shopping Center was 98 percent leased as of the acquisition date. Tenants at the center include The Home Depot, Staples, Bed Bath & Beyond, Hallmark, Sally Beauty Supply, Sport Clips and Santander Bank. About Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. was formed to acquire, directly or indirectly, a portfolio of commercial real estate located throughout the United States. Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. is focused on acquiring primarily core multi-tenant retail assets. Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. is sponsored by Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation. For more information, please visit www.inland-investments.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Form 8.3 – Shawbrook Group Next PostNext Off Road Tires Market Major Manufacturers, Trends, Demand, Share Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts Wireline Services Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Blood Glucose Test Strips Market Global Growth, Trends, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Bioabsorbable Stents Market Forecast Research Reports Offers Key Insights 3E Company and SAI Global collaborate to optimise chemical regulatory management Computed Tomography Market Poised for Steady Growth in the Future Proudly powered by WordPress
Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Acquires the Pentucket Shopping Center in Plaistow, New Hampshire Pentucket Shopping Center, Plaistow, New Hampshire (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Pentucket Shopping Center, Plaistow, New Hampshire (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Small Preview Thumbnail April 19, 2017 11:30 AM Eastern Daylight Time OAK BROOK, Ill.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. (“Inland Income Trust”) announced today the acquisition of the 199,335-square-foot Pentucket Shopping Center in Plaistow, New Hampshire, located approximately one mile north of the Massachusetts state border and approximately 40 miles north of Boston. Mark Cosenza, senior vice president of Inland Real Estate Acquisitions, Inc., facilitated the purchase of the property on behalf of Inland Income Trust. Originally constructed in 1986 and remodeled in 2004, Pentucket Shopping Center is located at 58 Plaistow Road. “Pentucket Shopping Center is a terrific addition to Inland Income Trust’s retail portfolio because of its exceptional location and variety of high quality, necessity-based retail offerings, including a Walmart Supercenter shadow anchor,” said Mitchell Sabshon, president and chief executive officer of Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation. “Serving as the area’s primary retail destination and ideally positioned in New Hampshire near the border of Massachusetts, Pentucket Shopping Center draws approximately 584,000 consumers within a 15-mile radius and provides the benefit of no sales tax in New Hampshire.” Pentucket Shopping Center was 98 percent leased as of the acquisition date. Tenants at the center include The Home Depot, Staples, Bed Bath & Beyond, Hallmark, Sally Beauty Supply, Sport Clips and Santander Bank. About Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. was formed to acquire, directly or indirectly, a portfolio of commercial real estate located throughout the United States. Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. is focused on acquiring primarily core multi-tenant retail assets. Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. is sponsored by Inland Real Estate Investment Corporation. For more information, please visit www.inland-investments.com. Contacts Inland Marketing & Communications, Inc. Alyssa Campbell, (630) 218-2887 alyssa.campbell@inlandgroup.com Release Summary Inland Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. announced the acquisition of the 199,335-square-foot Pentucket Shopping Center in Plaistow, New Hampshire. #Hashtags #transaction #acquisition #retail #Massachusetts #CRE #REIT #investment #grocery #shopper #shopping #NewHampshire #homeimprovement #Walmart #realestate #consumer Contacts Inland Marketing & Communications, Inc. Alyssa Campbell, (630) 218-2887 alyssa.campbell@inlandgroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Indian firms and H1B visas | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Wed, Apr 19 2017. 08 32 AM IST BigBasket and Grofers start merger talks If the merger of BigBasket and Grofers goes through, SoftBank will participate in a $60-100 million fundraising round in the merged entity Subscribe to our newsletter. Shrutika VermaSayan Chakraborty The merger is crucial for online grocery store BigBasket as it needs the money from SoftBank, even as Grofers is sitting pretty with $50-60 million of cash in bank. Photo: Hemant Mishra/Mint New Delhi/Bengaluru: Online grocer BigBasket, run by Supermarket Grocery Services Pvt. Ltd, and smaller rival Grofers India Pvt. Ltd have initiated talks for a merger that, if consummated, will also see SoftBank Group, an existing investor in the latter, participate in a $60-100 million funding round in the merged entity, said three people aware of the development. BigBasket needs the money. By far the best-funded online grocery store, it has held talks with investors such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Amazon.com Inc, Tencent Holdings Ltd, and Fosun International Ltd for a fresh round of funds. The talks haven’t progressed far, the people cited above said. Consequently BigBasket, which these people said incurs a cash burn of about $6 million per month, is keen on getting the deep-pocketed SoftBank on board as it rapidly runs out of cash. Grofers, meanwhile, is sitting pretty with about $50-60 million of cash in bank and a burn of about $2 million a month. ALSO READ: Paytm may raise up to $1.5 billion from SoftBank BigBasket spokesperson did not respond to emails seeking comment. SoftBank declined to comment. “The team at Grofers is focused on executing on our long-term strategy and we are well capitalized for that with an investor set that supports the vision. We don’t need to make any strategic moves at this time,” said Alibinder Dhindsa, founder and chief executive of Grofers. BigBasket has so far raised at least $220 million in funds from investors including Abraaj Group, Bessemer Venture Partners, Sands Capital and International Finance Corp. It last raised $150 million from a clutch of investors in March 2016 at a valuation of about $450-500 million. BigBasket is hoping for a valuation of at least $700-800 million, while Grofers could be valued at $150-200 million, one of the three persons cited above said. “The talks are in early stages, but there is definitely interest from both parties. If the deal happens, SoftBank will invest in the merged entity but a lot hinges on the valuation. The stakeholders are yet to agree on a valuation,” added this person. The Times of India newspaper reported in January that Grofers and BigBasket were exploring a merger. Grofers started out as a hyperlocal grocery delivery start-up in December 2013, picking up goods from neighbourhood grocers and delivering them to consumers, charging the merchants single-digit commission on the total order value as delivery fee. Over the past eight months, Grofers has been gradually moving away from the hyperlocal model. As the cost of delivery far exceeded the commission earned, the firm started shifting to the inventory model and launched high-margin private brands. It started selling staples and snacks under its private brands Freshbury and Best Value. Grofers has so far raised $165 million from Tiger Global Management and SoftBank, among others. During its last fundraise of $120 million in October 2015, Grofers was valued at $350-400 million. “Their business models overlap. BigBasket has always been an inventory led, private-label play while Grofers is trying to replicate it. The only upside for BigBasket in this deal is getting SoftBank as an investor,” said the first person. BigBasket owns brands such as Fresho, Royal, Tasties and HappyChef. BigBasket co-founder and chief executive Hari Menon said in an interview in December private labels would account for about 45% of the firm’s revenue by March. BigBasket aimed to clock revenue of Rs1,800-2,000 crore in 2016-17. As per research firm Tofler, BigBasket posted a loss of Rs278 crore on revenue of Rs580 crore in the year ended 31 March 2016, while Grofers posted a loss of Rs225 crore on revenue of Rs14.3 crore the same year. Anirudh Laskar in Mumbai contributed to the story. Shrutika VermaSayan Chakraborty Topics: BigBasket Grofers merger SoftBank fundraising More From Livemint READ MORE Review: Coolpad Note 5 Lite defies limited specs with a convincing user experience Global gold prices steady on geopolitical worries amid firm dollar Supreme Court approves e-auction of Taj Mansingh Hotel First Published: Wed, Apr 19 2017. 12 43 AM IST Editor's Picks As US visa troubles deepen, more Indians look to come back What led to the crisis at Snapdeal? Coca-Cola’s new ad featuring Deepika Padukone goes viral Latest News Global gold prices steady on geopolitical worries amid firm dollar Supreme Court approves e-auction of Taj Mansingh Hotel Siddaramaiah-led bypoll wins boost Congress morale in Karnataka India, Nepal to deepen cooperation in security, trade, energy: MEA Power utilization continues to drop due to supply glut: report Mint On Sunday The fairy tale rise of Aizawl FC India’s African heritage Honey, I know what you did last night Letter from... the Republic of Jugaad Jellyfisher Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / Halifax Police interview man in alleged sexual assault at Halifax-area store The alleged incident happened in a Bedford Walmart in mid-March, and a man turned himself into police Wednesday Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print Contributed/Halifax police The sexual assault suspect By: Staff Metro Published on Police have interviewed and released a man in connection with an alleged sexual assault in a Bedford store. According to a police release on Wednesday, the incident happened just before 6:30 p.m. on March 18. A man approached a woman in her 50s who was shopping in the women’s exercise section of Walmart at 141 Damascus Rd., initially walking behind her and brushing against her as he passed by. A short time later, police said the same man approached her and touched her in a sexual manner over her clothing. The woman yelled and the man ran away. She reported the incident to a store employee staff, and then later called police. At 1:45 p.m. on Wednesday, a 25-year-old Halifax man turned himself in to police headquarters. He was arrested but later released without charges. The investigation into this case is ongoing. Investigators are asking anyone with information about the suspect to call police at 902-490-5016. Anonymous tips can also be sent to Crime Stoppers. Editors' Picks Nintendo plans to follow up NES Classic with SNES sequel: Report Tasted: Starbucks creates Instagram-pic worthy Unicorn Frappuccino Video: First living giant shipworm found in Philippines lagoon Pikachu! The Rock cooks up Easter fun for daughter More on Metronews.ca Most Popular B.C.'s fentanyl overdose crisis shows no sign of slowing Undercover Calgary police officer hit accused killer's car to develop relationship Tasted: Starbucks creates Instagram-pic worthy Unicorn Frappuccino Alberta economy poised for quick turnaround: report Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Lincoln Times News Archives Media Gallery Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Retail Advertising Forms Engagement Guidelines and Forms Wedding Guidelines and Forms Anniversary Form Birth Announcement Form Birthday Announcement Form Subscriptions About Us --> Local News Special Sections Recent Arrests and Charges Community Announcements Top Stories Regional and National News Lincoln County Schools Honor Roll Life Business Breaking News Announcements Engagements Anniversaries Weddings Sports Opinion Columnists Obituaries Classifieds E-Edition Home » Breaking News » Trio charged with vehicle break-in Trio charged with vehicle break-in Pictured are (from left) Jordan, Karimian and McCullah. Staff report The use of a credit card stolen from a vehicle has led to charges in connection with several vehicle break-ins. Deputies said they were dispatched to two vehicle break-in calls on Brookwood Road in Lincolnton on Saturday. In one of the break-ins, items in the vehicle had been moved around but nothing appeared to be taken, according to a press release from the Sheriff’s Office. In the second reported vehicle break-in, the victim told officers that her purse, which contained a .380-caliber handgun, credit cards and identification, had been stolen from her unlocked vehicle overnight on Friday. The break-in was discovered Saturday morning. The credit card company called the victim to inquire about a number of purchases that had been made overnight, which alerted the victim to the break-in. Deputies viewed surveillance video at Wal-Mart in Lincolnton, where purchases were allegedly made with one of the stolen credit cards. Using information from the video, officers identified one of the suspects. That led to a residence on Ginger Lane in Maiden, where a search warrant was executed. Deputies located items purchased at Wal-Mart with the stolen credit card and some of the belongings of the victim, according to a press release. The handgun was located near a bridge on Highway 16 near Highway 150. Cameron Dewayne Jordan, 22, of Charlotte, was charged with one felony count each of conspiracy, obtaining property by false pretenses, possession of a stolen firearm, larceny of a firearm and breaking and entering a vehicle and one misdemeanor count each of conspiracy, possession of stolen goods and larceny. He was issued a $41,000 secured bond. Brian Hady Karimian, 18, of Sherrills Ford, was charged with two felony counts each of obtaining property by false pretenses and aiding and abetting a felony and one felony count each of conspiracy and possession of a stolen firearm and one misdemeanor count of conspiracy. He was issued a $41,000 secured bond. Melvin Patrick McCullah Jr., 21, of Ginger Lane in Maiden, was charged with one misdemeanor count of possession of stolen goods and was released on a $2,500 secured bond. Deputies said Jordan and Karimian will also be charged with two additional vehicle break-ins on Brookwood Road. Image courtesy of LCSO You must be logged in to post a comment Login Pages About Us Contact Us Forms Anniversary Form Birth Announcement Form Birthday Announcement Form Engagement Guidelines and Forms Wedding Guidelines and Forms Place a Classified Ad Retail Advertising Lincoln Times News Archives Media Gallery Subscriptions Categories Anniversaries Announcements Breaking News Business Columnists Community Announcements Engagements Life Lincoln County Schools Honor Roll Local Businesses Local News Obituaries Opinion Recent Arrests and Charges Regional and National News Special Sections Sports Top Stories Weddings Socialize Sign Up Now For Email Marketing you can trust. © 2017, ↑ Lincoln Times-News
Ad Age Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Follow us Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Follow on Google+ Follow on LinkedIn Follow on Pinterest Follow on Instagram Follow on YouTube Follow on Tumblr Follow via RSS |   , Logout LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW Advertising Age Advertising Age Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Search Menu Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video , Logout SUBSCRIBE NOW LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW , Logout Adage Creativity Lookbook Datacenter Resources Events Careers On Campus Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Close Advertising Age Sections Marketing Advertising Digital Media Agency Data BtoB Video Latest Editor's Picks Most Popular LOG IN SUBSCRIBE NOW Search Unilever Turns Tables on Influencers With 'New' Hair Care Brand By Jack Neff - just now Array 0 Is This AI or BS? Artificial Intelligence Is All the Rage, but Sometimes It's Just Hype By Kate Kaye - 3 hours ago Array 0 How Marketo is Transforming Its Brand From Science to Storytelling By Drew Neisser - 3 hours ago Array 0 Conservatives Feel the Least Represented Among Media's Depictions of Women By Jeanine Poggi - 3 hours ago Array 0 Agencies Brace for Impact as Marketing Clouds Loom By George Slefo - 3 hours ago Array 0 Watch Out, Snap: Zuckerberg Outlines Facebook's AR Ambitions By Garett Sloane - 16 hours ago 0 Is This AI or BS? Artificial Intelligence Is All the Rage, but Sometimes It's Just Hype By Kate Kaye - 3 hours ago 0 Telemundo, Gaining on Univision, Amps Up World Cup Marketing By E.J. Schultz - 16 hours ago 0 Wikipedia Editors Ask Burger King to Apologize for its Google Home Stunt By Megan Graham - 18 hours ago 0 Kobe Bryant, the Ad Creator, Discusses His New Sports Drink Ads By E.J. Schultz - Yesterday 0 Introducing Ad Age's 25 Marketing Technology Trailblazers 2017 - 2 days ago 0 'Consumers Are Angry': Understanding the Internet Backlash Over Snapchat By Garett Sloane - Yesterday 0 Marketing Technology Explained: Everything You Need Know By George Slefo - Yesterday 0 Why Snapchat Might Be the Next Twitter (Not in a Good Way) By Simon Dumenco - Yesterday 0 Buck Up, United Airlines! You'll Be OK! By Simon Dumenco - 2 days ago 0 Aleady a member? Sign in Get More From Ad Age Register to become a member today. You'll get the essential information you need to do your job better, including 7 free articles per month on Ad Age and Creativity Ability to comment on articles and creative work Access to 9 custom e-newsletters like Ad Age Daily, Ad Age Digital and CMO Strategy To get unlimited content and more benefits, check out our Membership page Register Now Want more Access, Content & Connections? We are glad you are enjoying Advertising Age. To get uninterrupted access and additional benefits, become a member today. Upgrade to Membership Already a member? Log in or go back to the homepage. Hey, there. It looks like you're using an ad blocker. The news and features are funded in part by our advertisers. To support Ad Age and the industry we cover please either: SUBSCRIBE or WHITELIST US Unilever Turns Tables on Influencers With 'New' Hair Care Brand By Jack Neff. Published on April 19, 2017. Most Popular Like other big beauty brands, Unilever faces growing competition from startups with understated packaging, lofty prices and backing from social-media influencers. So the beauty giant set out to beat them by joining them – sort of – by soft launching Evaus haircare products through a handful of emerging beauty and fashion bloggers. Evaus is Suave spelled backward. And the stuff in the drab, minimalist packaging was the same as what Unilever sells at Walmart. But the group of influencers tapped in a campaign from Vice's digital agency Carrot, which began working with Suave last year, didn't know that. Carrot let these influencers try Evaus products for about two weeks, then invited them to a studio to reveal the truth. They were, of course, shocked to discover they had been using a mass-market brand they and their stylists had turned their noses up at. "I used it for 10 days," said Kathleen Harper (@katsfashionfix) in the video, before the reveal. "I would say it was a game changer." She adds that her stylist never recommends anything sold in a drug store. "It's edgy. It's modern. It's sleek," noted Viannie Bell (@sogrittyprestige), another fashion blogger. "We found seven of 10 women think higher-priced brands are more trustworthy," said Jen Bremner, Unilever marketing director on 80-year-old Suave. "That really was the inspiration. We wanted to peel back the labels and convert the skeptics." No influencers were harmed in the making of this video, said Bremner, who said all were good sports about the trick. Unilever's survey research also found 90% of millennial women would buy lower-priced haircare products if they didn't have to sacrifice quality. So Suave is linking the video to a PR campaign from Edelman offering financial advice to millennials on saving money, including, of course, buying cheaper yet effective shampoo. Suave is near the bottom rungs of a tall price ladder in haircare. Even its affordably-priced sibling, faster-growing Tresemme, is priced slightly higher in some cases, and other Unilever offerings such as Dove, Clear, Tigi, Bed Head and Living Proof occupy higher rungs. The last, packaged in understated style not unlike Evaus, sells at $59 for a 24-ounce bottle on Ulta.com, or around 10 times the price of Suave per ounce at Walmart. So isn't Bremner concerned she'll cannibalize the homegrown competition? "We're a brand designed for a different purpose" than those other Unilever brands, she said. "We're not overly concerned." Carrot created Evaus with stock packaging, Bremner said. "It really didn't take very long." So wasn't she tempted to just keep pushing it out of the plant at $20 a bottle and reaping those hefty margins? "We really thought why bother?" she said. "We wanted the takeaway to be that premium prices don't dictate what the product can do for you." Of course, besides being more expensive, Evaus has another edge on Suave – novelty. A tracking survey by online polling firm CivicScience finds brand loyalty continues to slip among millennials, 78% of whom said last quarter they tend to be at least somewhat loyal to their favorite brands, down from 84% three years ago, and 12 points below the loyalty rate for baby boomers. In this article: Beauty/Fashion CMO Strategy CPG Digital Video Millennials Social Become a Member Register Now Renew Membership Benefits Datacenter Advertising Age     Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Tumblr Copyright © 1994-2017 Crain Communications Privacy Statement Terms of Use About Us Advertise Reprints Contact Us AD AGE Creativity LookBook Datacenter Resources Events Jobs On Campus Site by AREA 17
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Mayoral candidate Marlon Anderson: I'll pursue investments News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Ryan needs Pelosi to avert shutdown Spin efforts follow Georgia voting Fab 8 success fuels GlobalFoundries' improved finances Night of terror on Lake George recounted Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Wizards beat Hawks to take 2-0 series lead Jeter teams up in Marlins bid Yanks' grand homestand Bruce's power stops skid Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Air bags find their way into used cars Stocks dip amid worry about wages Photos: Times Union Job Fair Price Chopper settles overtime pay suit Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Picks of the week Who's coming here soon New on DVD for April 18 Movie Talk Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Bite-Sized: Morsels of food news Sipping: Wine pick of the week Today's Birthdays Today's Birthdays Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives We Have a Final Four: Champions League Semis Teams Set Gillibrand ‘disturbed and outraged’ by Emma Willard Siena basketball receives letter of intent from Camper Gov. signs bills to continue funding efforts to battle opioid TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ High school baseball rankings Feds put Beech Nut on the hook for Canajoharie asbestos cleanup Troy food pantry seeks new home Churchill: Family's letters depict a lost Albany Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Demand builds for starter homes Deeds & Deals A 'Bachelor' pad is sold in LA's Hidden Hills House of the Week: Row house in Albany Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Tax Day freebies and deals for 2017 Birthday deals and freebies: More than 80 things you can get for Buffalo Wild Wings: Free shareable app when you buy boneless Money-saving Honest Weight Co-op coupons in today’s TU MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/local/article/Warrant-Wednesday-Earthworm-thief-wanted-by-11083400.php Warrant Wednesday: Earthworm thief wanted by troopers Updated 10:44 am, Wednesday, April 19, 2017 Image 1of/10 Caption Close Image 1 of 10 Crystal Mounts, 39. (State Police)  Crystal Mounts, 39. (State Police)  Image 2 of 10 Jason Boswell, 35, of Irondequoit. (State Police) Jason Boswell, 35, of Irondequoit. (State Police) Image 3 of 10 Davona N. Boss, 29. (State Police)  Davona N. Boss, 29. (State Police)  Image 4 of 10 Michael P. Dean, 29. (State Police)  Michael P. Dean, 29. (State Police)  Image 5 of 10 Thomas Cocopoti, 25. (State Police)  Thomas Cocopoti, 25. (State Police)  Image 6 of 10 Michael D. Stevenson, 29. (State Police)  Michael D. Stevenson, 29. (State Police)  Image 7 of 10 Scott Krawczyk, 39. (State Police)  Scott Krawczyk, 39. (State Police)  Image 8 of 10 Garick D. Bailey, 24. (State Police)  Garick D. Bailey, 24. (State Police)  Image 9 of 10 Wayne E. Finger, 57. (State Police)  Wayne E. Finger, 57. (State Police)  Image 10 of 10 Warrant Wednesday: Earthworm thief wanted by troopers 1 / 10 Back to Gallery State Police said they need the public's help tracking down a woman who stole a bucket of earthworms from a store. Crystal Mounts, 39, is wanted on petit larceny and trespassing charges stemming from a July 12, 2015 arrest for allegedly stealing sandals and a container of earthworms from a Walmart in Batavia, State Police said. A warrant for her arrest was issued in the town of Batavia court. Mounts is one of several people State Police said they are looking for in their weekly Warrant Wednesday bulletin. • Jason Boswell, 35, of Irondequoit, is wanted by State Police in Rochester on a charge of criminal obstruction of breathing and vehicle and traffic infractions. Boswell was involved in an incident on Route 104 in Rochester, troopers said. • Davona N. Boss, 29, is wanted by State Police in Middletown for failing to appear in court to answer charges that allege she was caught with a syringe containing heroin during a road check on Route 747 in New Windsor, troopers said. • Michael P. Dean, 29, is wanted by State Police in Clifton Park on a bench warrant that alleges he failed to appear in court to answer a misdemeanor drug charge. Dean was charged with seventh-degree criminal possession of a controlled substance after a traffic stop on the Northway, troopers said. Dean was allegedly caught with heroin, troopers said. His last-known address was in Glens Falls. • Thomas Cocopoti, 25, is wanted by State Police in Pulaski for a felony bench warrant issued March 9 in Oswego County Court. State Police said Cocopoti did not appear in court on Sept. 19 after he was convicted of fourth-degree grand larceny. • Michael D. Stevenson, 29, is wanted by State Police in Binghamton on a bench warrant connected to an April 2010 incident. Troopers said Stevenson made threatening telephone calls to a victim in Fenton in April 2010. He was charged with second-degree aggravated harassment but missed court dates after the initial arrest. A judge in Fenton Town Court issued an arrest warrant in July 2010. • Scott Krawczyk, 39, is wanted by State Police in Valley Stream for charges connected to a drunken driving crash on the Southern State Parkway in 2014. Krawczyk, whose last-known address was in Shirley, is wanted by State Police and Nassau County First District Court on charges of aggravated driving while intoxicated, unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle and traffic violations. Troopers said Krawczyk was involved in a crash on the highway and later charged with DWI. • Garick D. Bailey, 25, is wanted by State Police in Albany for allegedly driving while intoxicated on the Thruway. Bailey was arrested on Nov. 24, 2016, after troopers said they stopped his vehicle on the highway and determined he was intoxicated. • Wayne E. Finger, 57, is wanted by State Police in Poughkeepsie on a warrant that accuses him of felony driving while intoxicated. State Police say Finger failed to appear in Dutchess County Court after he was arrested on March 2016 Finger was last known to live in Millbrook. Anyone with information on the whereabouts of these individuals is asked to call the State Police at (518) 383-8583 or email Crimetip@troopers.ny.gov. The State Police asked residents not to take any other action. News Videos Most Popular 1 Emma Willard report reveals history of sexual misconduct 2 Night of terror on Lake George recounted 3 Niche ranks Capital Region's best public middle schools 4 'I looked back and then the next thing I know I was being hit' 5 Ex-NFL star Aaron Hernandez hangs himself in his prison cell 6 Warrant Wednesday: Earthworm thief wanted by troopers 7 A.M. Roundup: Memoir a flop, but not for Cuomo View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week Startup Spotlight Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR GeekWire Deals: Maximize your tax savings next time with this handy expense tracker Oregon offers 1,000 campsites in eclipse zone – and they’re gone in 90 minutes What to do if an asteroid comes our way Report: Google planning to offer built-in ad-blocker for Chrome NASA puts $50M into creating fusion thrusters, space robots and much more Working Geek: Madrona’s growth guru Ryan Metzger uses data to stay organized at work and at home New goodies for AWS customers include database accelerators and the tech behind Alexa Newfound super-Earth could be the best planet for analyzing alien atmospheres Alpine Immune Sciences raising $17M in advance of merger with Colorado pharmaceutical company Facebook wants to build a system to allow people to speak with their brains and hear through their skin Facebook tests ‘Tether-Tenna’ to beam down the internet from helicopters With the early adopters in its court, Docker sets its sights on the rest of the world New tool promotes empathy by asking Facebook users to follow their political opposites Portland plans to open its roads to autonomous vehicle testing in a bid to get out ahead of the trend Alphabet’s Verily recruiting 10,000 volunteers to share medical data for giant health study Former NBA commissioner, Syracuse hoops head coach invest in SportsCastr live streaming platform GeekWire Deals: Secure all your devices at home with one powerful firewall After discontinuing popular NES Classic, Nintendo is reportedly working on a mini Super Nintendo ‘Irrelevance, excruciating decline, death.’ In new video, Amazon’s Jeff Bezos paints a bleak picture of ‘Day 2’ Microsoft’s SQL Server is getting an artificial intelligence mind-meld Steve Ballmer launches USAFacts, using business principles for an unprecedented government report Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud 2017 GeekWire Awards: Voting begins today for the Next Tech Titan 6 lessons ‘Ghost in the Shell’ can teach you about cybersecurity Vote for Geekiest Office Space: The coolest tech office spaces in the Seattle area Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen meets Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak for the first time How Facebook’s Seattle office helped the company’s newest innovations come to fruition Amazon confirms plans for big new office in Bellevue; employees set to move in this summer GeekWire Awards: Vote for Seattle’s most promising Startup of the Year Uber drivers sound alarm over teen rider program, call for additional protections Here are the top 25 highest-paying U.S. workplaces, according to Glassdoor Full Interview: Former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer discusses USAFacts, his “10-K for government” Vote for Innovation of the Year: Groundbreaking tech for driverless cars, VR, data centers and more Underwater warehouses? Amazon’s aquatic fulfillment centers could make it so Pluto VR raises $13.9M to build out virtual reality communication platform Vote for CEO of the Year: These top tech execs are driving change through creative leadership Amazon opens up Alexa’s microphone and voice processing technology to hardware makers Boeing will send layoff notices to hundreds of engineers, and more job cuts lie ahead Fashion-focused Amazon wins patent for ‘on-demand apparel manufacturing’ Trending: Steve Ballmer launches USAFacts, using business principles for an unprecedented government report Zulily co-founder Mark Vadon strikes e-commerce gold yet again as pet supply retailer Chewy sells for $3.35B by John Cook on April 19, 2017 at 7:04 amApril 19, 2017 at 8:46 am Comments  6 Share  8 Tweet Share  49 Reddit Email Tickets on sale for the GeekWire Awards! Zulily co-founder Mark Vadon speaks at the 2014 GeekWire Summit. (GeekWire photo) E-commerce pioneer Mark Vadon, who helped transform the way people buy engagement rings with Blue Nile and kids clothes with Zulily, has done it again. This time in pet supplies. Reports surfaced yesterday that PetSmart was paying a whopping $3.35 billion for Chewy, a six-year-old online retailer of dog food, squeaky toys and other pet supplies. Recode’s Jason Del Rey called it the largest e-commerce acquisition in history, even eclipsing the $3.3 billion that Walmart paid for Jet.com last year.  When you are drilling and you hit an oil patch, the last thing you want is people coming and drilling right next to you. And guess who was an early backer and chairman of Fort Lauderdale, Florida-based Chewy? That’s right Vadon, the Seattle entrepreneur who has made a bit of a speciality out of competing in online retail niches not yet dominated by Amazon. Despite his success, Vadon keeps a relatively low profile. That’s intentional, and something he also passes on to the companies he helps build. Even though Chewy boasts more than three million customers, the company is not quite a household name (Even for someone like me who is a dog owner). “When you are drilling and you hit an oil patch, the last thing you want is people coming and drilling right next to you,” said Vadon at the 2014 GeekWire Summit, one of his rare public speaking appearances. Vadon, who lives in Seattle and serves on the boards of Home Depot and Liberty Interactive, sold Zulily to Liberty Interactive’s QVC for $2.4 billion in 2015. He was also the co-founder of Blue Nile, an early e-commerce player which completed an IPO in 2004 and then last year agreed to be acquired for $500 million in a private equity deal. “We found a white space — a consumer opportunity, where it isn’t being dominated,” said Vadon at the 2014 GeekWire Summit when speaking of Zulily. “If we went head to head with Amazon, we’d get crushed.” (Full video here). Mark Vadon at the GeekWire Summit Vadon, who invested $5 million of his own money into Chewy, appears to have noticed a similar white space in the pet supply market. Interestingly, Vadon did not actively seek out Chewy. The founders wanted him on the board, so after Vadon showed some mild interest in the idea, they hopped on a flight from Miami to Seattle to convince the entrepreneur that he should get involved. Not too long after, Vadon wrote his $5 million check, a bet that is paying off big time given the premium that PetSmart paid for Chewy. In fact, investment banker Paul Cuatrecasas, CEO of Aquaa Partners, noted in a note that PetSmart is “effectively betting the company on this deal,” given that the brick-and-mortar retailer was valued at about $8 billion two years ago. When contacted by GeekWire, Vadon declined to comment about the Chewy deal, noting that it has yet to close. PetSmart is a juggernaut in the online pet supply retail business, and the Chewy deal will help position it against Walmart and Amazon as more shoppers head online. “We are focused on improving our customers’ experience in-store and online as we continue to execute against our long-term strategic initiatives,” said Michael Massey, president and chief executive officer of PetSmart, in a press release. “Chewy’s high-touch customer e-commerce service model and culture centered around a love of pets is the ideal complement to PetSmart’s store footprint and diverse offerings. Together, PetSmart and Chewy will provide the most convenient customer experience to a wider base of pet parents across every channel.” Interestingly, PetSmart rival Petco is a backer of Rover.com, the Seattle-based online marketplace that matches pet owners with pet sitters. With the Chewy deal now in the books, could we see more acquisition activity in this arena? John Cook is GeekWire's co-founder and editor, a veteran reporter and the longest-serving journalist on the Pacific Northwest tech startup beat. Follow him @johnhcook and email john@geekwire.com. GeekWire Awards 2017: Tickets on sale Join us as we celebrate the iconoclasts, innovators and disruptors of the Pacific Northwest technology community at the GeekWire Awards, presented by Wave Business, on May 4th at the Museum of Pop Culture in Seattle. Continuing this great tradition, we’ll reveal the winners of the Pacific Northwest’s annual startup and technology awards, as nominated and chosen by GeekWire readers. The Awards sell out every year, make sure to grab your tickets today. Comments 6 Share  8 Tweet Share  49 Reddit Email Previous StoryElemental Technologies changes name to AWS Elemental to reflect acquisition by Amazon Next StoryTech journalism veteran Tom Krazit joins GeekWire as Cloud and Enterprise Editor Filed Under: Tech  Tagged With: Deals • e-commerce • M&A • Mark Vadon GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories QVC closes $2.4B Zulily acquisition Seattle’s next $1B startup? Inside this secretive company’s bid to unseat Craigslist ‘Super secret’ Seattle startup New Engen, led by former Zulily employees, lands $2.5M Beef-sharing startup Crowd Cow raises $2M as it steers its focus toward a national audience Previous StoryElemental Technologies changes name to AWS Elemental to reflect acquisition by Amazon Next StoryTech journalism veteran Tom Krazit joins GeekWire as Cloud and Enterprise Editor Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Maximize your tax savings next time with this handy expense tracker GeekWire Deals: Secure all your devices at home with one powerful firewall Most Popular on GeekWire Steve Ballmer launches USAFacts, using business principles for an unprecedented government report Full text: In annual shareholder letter, Jeff Bezos explains why it will never be Day 2 at Amazon A serverless nirvana? Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich on the future of the cloud 2017 GeekWire Awards: Voting begins today for the Next Tech Titan Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Technical RecruiterFormula Resources Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp Quality Assurance Automation EngineerWSECU A Word From Our Sponsors Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway to Seabrook! Explore your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8 Embrace Spring Savings at Semiahmoo! Celebrate Spring by the Sea! Unplug and de-stress. Plan your weekend beach getaway to Seabrook! Explore your beach town getaway plans now at seabrookwa.com Designing wearable technology? It might be more complex than you realize. Read about these three important considerations. SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8 Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Columbia County authorities look to identify theft suspect - WFXG FOX 54 - News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WFXG FOX 54 News and Weather apps NEWS Local News Georgia News South Carolina News Crime News National News Education News Military News Health News Tech National Politics Entertainment News WEATHER Hurricane season 2017 Weather and disaster coverage Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Georgia River Levels from NWS Pollen Count SPORTS News from the NFL SEC Coverage ACC Digital Network ACC Video Vault Traffic Video Right This Minute Video Most Popular Videos TV WFXG TV Listings FOX On Demand TMZ Children's Television Programming Reports Contests Atlanta Bread Breakfast Club Realtime Brackets Watch, Text, and Win with Jay Jefferies Watch, Text, and Win with Family Feud Community For Our Children High 5 4 Kids 2 Strong 4 Bullies Weather with Jay Community Calendar CSRA Events & Shows ABOUT US Contact Us WFXG-TV transmitter upgrade News Team Meet Our Staff Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Public File FCC Public Inspection Files Digital Sales Jobs at WFXG Advertise With Us Columbia County authorities look to identify theft suspect 2017-04-19T13:56:12Z2017-04-19T13:56:12Z By Brittany Jenkins, Digital Content Producer Email Connect bjenkins@wfxg.com Walmart Theft suspect; Source: Columbia County Sheriff's Office COLUMBIA COUNTY, GA (WFXG) - Authorities in Columbia County are looking for the public to help identify a suspect. The man pictured is wanted for theft from the Bobby Jones Walmart. He is said to have taken a television out of the store without paying for it and driving away. The vehicle is described as a black SUV that could possibly be a Trailblazer. If you have any information on the identity of this suspect, please contact the Columbia County Sheriff's Office at 706-541-4021. Copyright 2017 WFXG. All rights reserved. Local NewsMore>> Waynesboro mayor takes fresh approach to politics Waynesboro mayor takes fresh approach to politics Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 12:25 AM EDT2017-04-20 04:25:47 GMT Mayor Carswell wants to bring entertainment venues, such as a movie theater, to Waynesboro; WFXG. Greg Carswell is the new big man on campus. The 36-year-old was born and raised in Waynesboro.More >> Greg Carswell is the new big man on campus. The 36-year-old was born and raised in Waynesboro.More >> Man shot by deputies in Burke County Man shot by deputies in Burke County Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 12:24 AM EDT2017-04-20 04:24:07 GMT The Columbia County Force Investigation Team is making sure the shooting was justified; WFXG. Just after 4:30 p.m. Wednesday, the Burke County Sheriff's Office received a call about a man waving a gun at drivers along Highway 23 near Griffin Landing. When deputies arrived at the scene, they approached the man with weapons drawn.More >> Just after 4:30 p.m. Wednesday, the Burke County Sheriff's Office received a call about a man waving a gun at drivers along Highway 23 near Griffin Landing. When deputies arrived at the scene, they approached the man with weapons drawn.More >> Jeremy Wallen is the new Columbia County Fire Chief Jeremy Wallen is the new Columbia County Fire Chief Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 11:19 PM EDT2017-04-20 03:19:45 GMT Columbia County announces Jeremy Wallen as new fire chief (WFXG) Columbia County announced Jeremy Wallen as their new fire chief. Wallen was serving as the interim fire chief since last December after Doug Cooper retired.He has also served as the Public Information Officer and is excited about the opportunity.  More >> Columbia County announced Jeremy Wallen as their new fire chief. Wallen was serving as the interim fire chief since last December after Doug Cooper retired.He has also served as the Public Information Officer and is excited about the opportunity. More >> Augusta Film Office begins shooting new sci-fi epic Augusta Film Office begins shooting new sci-fi epic Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 10:48 PM EDT2017-04-20 02:48:17 GMT Sci-fi movie is being filmed in Augusta (WFXG) Filming began this week in Augusta for the new movie Encounter. The writers describe it as a drama sci-fi movie where fantastical elements change the lives of normal beings.  More >> Filming began this week in Augusta for the new movie Encounter. The writers describe it as a drama sci-fi movie where fantastical elements change the lives of normal beings. More >> Jeremy Wallen named Columbia County Fire Chief Jeremy Wallen named Columbia County Fire Chief Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 4:38 PM EDT2017-04-19 20:38:52 GMT Fire Chief Jeremy Wallen (source: Columbia County) Columbia County has a new Fire Chief. Since the retirement of former Fire Chief Doug Cooper at the end of 2016, Jeremy Wallen has served as Interim Fire Chief. Wallen has now officially been named as Columbia County's Fire Chief. More >> Columbia County has a new Fire Chief. Since the retirement of former Fire Chief Doug Cooper at the end of 2016, Jeremy Wallen has served as Interim Fire Chief. Wallen has now officially been named as Columbia County's Fire Chief.More >>    Can't Find Something? 3933 Washington Road Augusta, GA 30907 (706) 650-5400 FCC Public File publicfile@wfxg.com (706) 650-5400 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Opinion Thursday, April 20, 2017    Last update: 1 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland CONTRIBUTORS Congress could gut this rule that protects Mainers who use prepaid cards Print Email Share Tweet George Danby | BDN By Tom Cox, Special to the BDN Posted April 19, 2017, at 8:11 a.m. Many Americans take for granted using their debit card to shop online or getting paid by direct deposit. They can check their bank account balances, call customer service and withdraw cash at ATM or tellers for free. Federal law protects them if their debit card is lost or stolen or if a data breach leads to unauthorized charges. But 33.5 million American households — 114,000 in Maine — are unbanked or underbanked. They may have lost their bank accounts because of trouble with overdrafts. And they are blacklisted from opening a new one. The risk of costly overdraft fees may be too great. Or banks may be sparse in the lower income or rural areas where they live. Prepaid cards have opened up access to the banking system for these underserved communities. Prepaid cards look and work just like a debit card, often with a Visa, MasterCard or American Express logo. Importantly, they do not require a credit check, and they are designed not to overdraft. Employees at companies from Hannaford to Wal-Mart receive their wages on payroll cards (a form of prepaid card) or get direct deposits to their own prepaid cards. Families use prepaid cards for their teenagers and college students. Unfortunately, many prepaid cards do not have the same legal protection against fraud, unauthorized charges and errors that bank accounts and debit cards have. Prepaid and payroll cards also may have fees that bank accounts do not, including balance inquiry, customer service, denied transaction, ATM and teller fees. A few “prepaid” cards even have overdraft fees. Some employers have coerced workers into using payroll cards. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau — the federal consumer watchdog set up after the 2007-2008 financial crisis — has spent years working on a regulation to protect consumers who use prepaid cards. The regulation, about to go into effect, gives prepaid cards the same fraud protections as debit cards; provides a simple, uniform chart of fees; and allows people to check their account balances and transaction history for free. Employers will have to provide workers clear payroll card fee information and advise them that they do not have to use a payroll card. The rule caps overdraft fees, requires them to be affordable, and gives consumers a 30-day waiting period before overdraft features are added. The prepaid card rule is a welcome change for the nearly 60,000 Maine households — or close to 10 percent of Maine households — who used prepaid cards in 2015. The rule also will benefit banks, credit unions and employers that offer low-fee prepaid and payroll cards or see their branches clogged on payday with workers trying to cash other companies’ payroll cards — with tellers caught in the middle explaining fees they have no control over. Yet, this common-sense regulation is under attack in Congress, which will soon vote under an obscure fast-track law, the Congressional Review Act, on whether to block the prepaid card rule. The move is pushed by the prepaid card company NetSpend, which stands to lose up to $85 million each year in overdraft and other fees under the rule. NetSpend — which recently settled Federal Trade Commission charges — mostly provides its cards through payday lenders, check cashers and low-wage employers, such as fast food stores and retail chains. While 98 percent of prepaid cards really are “prepaid,” NetSpend charges $15 overdraft fees on its general use cards and $25 on its Skylight payroll cards to those who opt in to so-called “overdraft protection.” So, it’s no surprise that the company spent $1.2 million lobbying Congress just last year. U.S. Sens. Susan Collins and Angus King will be key to making sure NetSpend does not get its way. The odds may be stacked against Maine’s families, workers, students and law-abiding banks, credit unions and employers. So far, Congress has overturned 12 regulations that have been challenged under the Congressional Review Act. Blocking fraud and fee transparency protections would hurt both prepaid card users and the prepaid card industry. The largest prepaid card company, Green Dot — which sells its cards at Wal-Mart and other stores — supports the rule. Its CEO explained: “a football game without rules and referees isn’t a sport; it’s a brawl. Like sports, to be successful, industry also needs rules and referees to ensure fairness, integrity and safety for all participants.” I hope Maine’s congressional delegation agrees. Tom Cox is of-counsel at the National Consumer Law Center, where he specializes on foreclosure and mortgage issues. He lives in Yarmouth. SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Ex-manager of Bangor restaurant claims he was fired illegally over military leave Suit: Woman stole $200,000 from police motorcycle club Registered sex offender arrested at Wiscasset school concert Argument between husband, boyfriend preceded Easter shooting, wife says ‘All lives matter,’ LePage tells protesters at USM Fox network’s response to sexual harassment reports sends chilling message to victims Here’s an easy way for Maine to solve its child care problem Congress could gut this rule that protects Mainers who use prepaid cards Thursday, April 20, 2017: Why we have the Second Amendment, push against anti-immigrant bill, don’t punish people with hardships Google and Facebook oppose managing the internet. Except when they’re doing it. Aaron Hernandez found dead in prison cell; family seeks probe UMaine ties that bind: Former basketball standout savors NBA grind NCAA announces hockey regional sites; UMaine bid unaffected Trump welcomes Patriots to White House; Brady no-shows Bangor, Brewer softball teams relying on new pitchers THE BDN BUZZ Ex-Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez found dead in jail cell GEORGE'S OUTDOOR NEWS Are food plots the same as baiting deer? #MAINE WalletHub study names Maine one of top 10 eco-friendliest states in the U.S. DAVID FARMER This is what happens when a state neglects public health #MAINE The Chainsmokers are more popular than ever, but not with music critics Bangor Peace Corps volunteer, 71, finds adventure, service in Guatemala If you use a store bathroom do you have to make a small purchase? The hot new trend in food is literal garbage New Surry Theatre director retiring from the stage with a big, heartfelt ‘Fiddler’ In search of the Dew Drop Inn Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs Mainely Thoughts Please don't call me cisgendered Please don't call me cisgendered Pine Tree Politics Off to the races with Maine's gubernatorial contest Off to the races with Maine's gubernatorial contest David Farmer This is what happens when a state neglects public health This is what happens when a state neglects public health Pollways How I just missed becoming a widow How I just missed becoming a widow Lance Dutson The four-letter word every candidate should be caught saying in 2018 The four-letter word every candidate should be caught saying in 2018 Slower Traffic What is the true meaning of Earth Day? What is the true meaning of Earth Day? Top Stories ‘All lives matter,’ LePage tells protesters at USM Ex-manager of Bangor restaurant claims he was fired illegally over military leave Argument between husband, boyfriend preceded Easter shooting, wife says Embattled Maine jail leader resigns amid new woes after OUI arrest Democrat Adam Cote to run for governor in Maine as political outsider Similar Articles 6.17.2011 As bank fees escalate, prepaid cards go mainstream 10.17.2011 Banks watch for fate of Bank of America's debit card fee 4.2.2012 Raises at the University of Maine System 2006-2012 10.2.2011 Bank of America debit fee is only the latest 8.23.2012 Many banks sock businesses with improper ‘FDIC’ fee More in Opinion   Please don’t call me cisgendered   Bill O’Reilly out at Fox News   Thursday, April 20, 2017: Why we have the Second Amendment, push against anti-immigrant bill, don’t punish people with hardships   Here’s an easy way for Maine to solve its child care problem   Google and Facebook oppose managing the internet. Except when they’re doing it. Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman U.S.-India CSR Symposium: Making Economies Work for Women and Youth U.S.-India CSR Symposium: Making Economies Work for Women and Youth Join the U.S. Chamber of Commerce Foundation and U.S.-India Business Council on April 14 to discuss best practices in promoting economic empowerment for women and youth in India. Sponsors include Abbott, Amway, and Walmart.  Featured speakers include: Krish Iyer, President & CEO, Walmart India Kathy Pickus, Divisional Vice President, Sustainability, Abbott Gautam Kumra, Managing Director, McKinsey & Co., India Siraj Chaudhry, Chairman, Cargill, India Gayatri Subramaniam, Chief Programme Executive, Indian Institute of Corporate Affairs, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Government of India Reema Nanavaty, Secretary General, SEWA, India Namita Vikas, Group President & Global Head, Climate Strategy & Responsible Banking, YES BANK  Participants will have the opportunity to engage with stakeholders from the Indian private sector, government and NGOs, and more. Topics to be covered include: The Business Case for Women’s Economic Empowerment The Power of Partnerships and Creating Shared Value The New Corporate Citizenship Landscape in India And more! Registration for the event is free. For more information, visit: https://www.uschamberfoundation.org/event/us-india-csr-symposium-making-economies-work-women-and-youth. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Circular Economy Summit: From Aspiration to Implementation Next PostNext Publication of the 2016 Nestlé in Society Creating Shared Value and Meeting Our Commitments Report Search Recent Posts Air Data Systems Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Global Civil Aerospace Simulation and Training Market by Key Players, Drivers, Challenges, Trends, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 PR Newswire Partners with the Stevie Awards to Offer News Distribution to 2017 Asia-Pacific Stevie Awards and Its Winners Global Capillary Electrophoresis Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 7.06% During The Period 2017-2021 Kiwi actor Shane Cortese joins New Zealand Sotheby’s Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 58.90% and Forecast to 2021 WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 58.90% and Forecast to 2021”.   The analysts forecast the global IPIN market to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system.   Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1169998-global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com   Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global IPIN market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the use of the IPIN applications, the sales of the BLE-based beacons globally during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA The report, Global IPIN Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Google • Apple • Here • Micello Other prominent vendors • Beaconinside • bluepath • GiPStech • MazeMap • Nextome • Pinmicro • Pointr • shopkick • Spreo Market driver • High penetration of mobile computing devices. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. • For a full, detailed list, view our report   Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1169998-global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021   Market trend • Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?   Table Of Contents – Major Key Points   PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology  PART 04: Introduction • Key market highlights PART 05: Market landscape • Market overview • Market size and forecast PART 06: Five forces analysis • Five forces analysis PART 07: Global BLE-based beacons shipment units • BLE-based beacons shipment PART 08: Market segmentation by application • Market size and forecast PART 09: Market segmentation by geography • Global IPIN market by geography PART 10: Decision framework PART 11: Drivers and challenges • Market drivers • Impact of drivers on key customer segments • Market challenges • Impact of challenges on key customer segments PART 12: Market trends • Key trends impacting the global IPIN market Continued…….   For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1169998 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN), Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Manufacturers, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Segmentation, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Status, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Structure, satPRnews, Services, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo accueille un buffet de desserts spécial baptisé « Peter Rabbit™ Hotel Carnival » Next PostNext Black Porcelain Sales Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Search Recent Posts Sildenafil Drug Market 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Global Bacterial Biopesticides Sales 2017 Market Survey Study Analysis and Overview: Industry Trend, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Global Tubular Heater industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Ammonium Lauryl Sulphate Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Analysis of Global Aerospace Bearings Sales Market 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 58.90% and Forecast to 2021 WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 58.90% and Forecast to 2021”.   The analysts forecast the global IPIN market to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system.   Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1169998-global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com   Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global IPIN market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the use of the IPIN applications, the sales of the BLE-based beacons globally during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA The report, Global IPIN Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Google • Apple • Here • Micello Other prominent vendors • Beaconinside • bluepath • GiPStech • MazeMap • Nextome • Pinmicro • Pointr • shopkick • Spreo Market driver • High penetration of mobile computing devices. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. • For a full, detailed list, view our report   Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1169998-global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021   Market trend • Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?   Table Of Contents – Major Key Points   PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology  PART 04: Introduction • Key market highlights PART 05: Market landscape • Market overview • Market size and forecast PART 06: Five forces analysis • Five forces analysis PART 07: Global BLE-based beacons shipment units • BLE-based beacons shipment PART 08: Market segmentation by application • Market size and forecast PART 09: Market segmentation by geography • Global IPIN market by geography PART 10: Decision framework PART 11: Drivers and challenges • Market drivers • Impact of drivers on key customer segments • Market challenges • Impact of challenges on key customer segments PART 12: Market trends • Key trends impacting the global IPIN market Continued…….   For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1169998 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN), Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Manufacturers, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Segmentation, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Status, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Structure, satPRnews, Services, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo accueille un buffet de desserts spécial baptisé « Peter Rabbit™ Hotel Carnival » Next PostNext Black Porcelain Sales Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Posted on 19 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 58.90% and Forecast to 2021 WiseGuyReports.Com Publish a New Market Research Report On – “Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) 2017 Global Market Expected to Grow at CAGR 58.90% and Forecast to 2021”.   The analysts forecast the global IPIN market to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system.   Get a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1169998-global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021 For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com   Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global IPIN market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the use of the IPIN applications, the sales of the BLE-based beacons globally during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: • Americas • APAC • EMEA The report, Global IPIN Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors • Google • Apple • Here • Micello Other prominent vendors • Beaconinside • bluepath • GiPStech • MazeMap • Nextome • Pinmicro • Pointr • shopkick • Spreo Market driver • High penetration of mobile computing devices. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge • Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. • For a full, detailed list, view our report   Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1169998-global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021   Market trend • Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. • For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report • What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? • What are the key market trends? • What is driving this market? • What are the challenges to market growth? • Who are the key vendors in this market space? • What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? • What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?   Table Of Contents – Major Key Points   PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology  PART 04: Introduction • Key market highlights PART 05: Market landscape • Market overview • Market size and forecast PART 06: Five forces analysis • Five forces analysis PART 07: Global BLE-based beacons shipment units • BLE-based beacons shipment PART 08: Market segmentation by application • Market size and forecast PART 09: Market segmentation by geography • Global IPIN market by geography PART 10: Decision framework PART 11: Drivers and challenges • Market drivers • Impact of drivers on key customer segments • Market challenges • Impact of challenges on key customer segments PART 12: Market trends • Key trends impacting the global IPIN market Continued…….   For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com Buy 1-User PDF @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1169998 CONTACT US: NORAH TRENT Partner Relations & Marketing Manager sales@wiseguyreports.com www.wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) ABOUT US: Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports features an exhaustive list of market research reports from hundreds of publishers worldwide. We boast a database spanning virtually every market category and an even more comprehensive collection of rmaket research reports under these categories and sub-categories. CategoriesUncategorized TagsGoogle News, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN), Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Manufacturers, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Segmentation, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Status, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Structure, satPRnews, Services, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Keio Plaza Hotel Tokyo accueille un buffet de desserts spécial baptisé « Peter Rabbit™ Hotel Carnival » Next PostNext Black Porcelain Sales Market Analysis Covering Market Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast Search Recent Posts Sildenafil Drug Market 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Global Bacterial Biopesticides Sales 2017 Market Survey Study Analysis and Overview: Industry Trend, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Global Tubular Heater industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Ammonium Lauryl Sulphate Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Analysis of Global Aerospace Bearings Sales Market 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices PetSmart is acquiring Chewy.com in record e-commerce deal Re/code Jason Del Rey 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The world's most incredible homes Everyday items from the past that are worth money © Provided by Vox Media, Inc. PetSmart has made the biggest e-commerce acquisition in history, snatching up fast-growing pet product site Chewy.com for $3.35 billion, according to multiple sources familiar with the deal.  The deal is a huge one by any standard — bigger than Walmart’s $3.3 billion deal for Jet.com last year — and especially for a retail company like PetSmart that was itself valued at only $8.7 billion when private-equity investors took it private in 2015. But Chewy.com has been one of the fastest-growing e-commerce sites on the planet, registering nearly $900 million in revenue last year in what was only its fifth year in operation. The company had been a potential IPO candidate for this year or next, but was taken out by its brick-and-mortar competitor before that. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 74.07 +0.18 +0.24% T. Rowe Price Group Inc TROW ▲ 71.80 +0.54 +0.76% Chewy was founded in 2011 by Ryan Cohen and Michael Day and built a cult following for its excellent customer service, large selection and fast shipping. It had quietly raised at least $236 million in venture capital from investors including Volition Capital, T. Rowe Price and BlackRock. Its under-the-radar status was probably aided by the fact that it was headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Fla. and not a big e-commerce market like New York, Los Angeles or Seattle. But it did have a big name in the industry as chairman: Mark Vadon, who also co-founded Blue Nile and Zulily. The deal is the type of bet-the-company acquisition by a traditional retailer that commerce-focused venture capitalists have been betting on for some time. PetSmart had announced its intention to acquire Chewy on Tuesday morning, but didn't disclose a price. PetSmart is owned by a group of private-equity investors led by BC Partners. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from Re/code Google, which gets most of its money from ads, might build an ad blocker Re/code What we know — and what we want to know — about Facebook’s big plans for augmented reality Re/code Autonomous driving is here, and it's going to change everything. Now we have to prepare. Re/code Re/code View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News Sports UK Sports Entertainment 66° Login Subscribe Full Menu 66° Login Subscribe Home News All News Business Communities Counties Crime Education Hot Topics Lexington Most Wanted Nation/World News Photos News Videos Politics Searchable Databases State Watchdog Columns Tom Eblen Sports All Sports UK Sports College Sports Next Cats Recruiting High School Horses Kentucky Speedway Lexington Legends Reds MLB NBA NASCAR NFL Sports Photos Sports Videos Columns John Clay's Columns Mark Story Next Cats Recruiting UK Sports All UK Sports Next Cats Recruiting Baseball Basketball - Men Basketball - Women Recruiting Ex-Cats Football UK Photos UK Videos More UK Sports Columns John Clay's Blog Mark Story Politics Politics Elections Entertainment All Entertainment Books Celebrities Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Music Restaurants Stage & Dance TV Visual Arts Entertainment Photos Entertainment Videos Blogs News Blogs Kentucky Weather Photo Archive Sports Blogs John Clay's Blog High School UK Football UK Men's Basketball UK Women's Basketball Lexington Legends Entertainment Blogs Rich Copley's Blog Walter Tunis on Music Opinion All Opinion Editorials Joel Pett Larry Dale Keeling Larry Webster Letters to the Editor National Columnists Op-Ed Submit a Letter Living All Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Fru-Gal: Deb Morris Health & Medicine Home & Garden Paul Prather Religion Travel Readers' Choice Obituaries Kentucky Obituaries Obituaries in the News Submit an Obituary Hot Topics Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us About Us E-edition Photo & Page Reprints RSS Feeds Special Sections Site Information Advertise With Us Circulars Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Local Deals Shopping Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Homeseller Legal Notices Place an Ad Kentucky Utilities operates a 10-megawatt solar facility on 50 acres at its E.W. Brown Plant on Lake Herrington near Harrodsburg. Greg Kocher Herald-Leader Editorials April 18, 2017 8:04 PM Ky. must step up renewable energy LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story In an NPR report on Kentucky’s growing demand for renewable energy, a state official said, “We’re a coal state, we’re sentimental about our attachment to coal.” Charles Snavely, a coal company executive for 35 years before Gov. Matt Bevin made him secretary of the Energy and Environment Cabinet, also said that the cabinet is working with companies to develop renewable energy but that he struggles with whether “the growth of renewables (comes) at the expense of coal. Is it a bigger pie, or is someone taking a slice of our pie?” Snavely’s office did not respond to an email seeking elaboration, leaving Kentuckians to surmise that with thinking like his at the top, Kentucky should be ready to enter the 21st century about the time it ends. Kentucky officials have long insisted that cheap — by which they mean coal-fired — power is key to retaining industries that employ Kentuckians. But now many of the world’s leading corporations — including major Kentucky employers — want renewable energy, which Kentucky is unprepared to provide. A report this week on NPR’s “Morning Edition,” entitled “Big Business Pushes Coal-Friendly Kentucky to Embrace Renewables,” notes that Toyota aims to be a zero-carbon company by 2050. “General Motors, Ford, Walmart, L’Oreal and others also have big goals to reduce emissions. Even the state’s beloved bourbon makers are starting to look at renewables.” Going green has PR value, but the bottom line drives corporations, which recognize that disruptions from climate chage will be terrible for business. Also, the cost of solar and wind is dropping fast. Renewable energy is in short supply everywhere. Kentucky, where coal and natural gas provide 94 percent of our power, is caught especially flatfooted, hobbling us in the competition for investment and jobs. It didn’t have to be like this. In 2008, Gov. Steve Beshear released a seven-point strategy for prospering in a carbon-constrained future. Both major presidential candidates that year had pledged to combat climate change, and Beshear’s energy secretary, Len Peters, a chemical engineer and former university admnistrator who had overseen a U.S. Department of Energy lab with a $750 million budget, never pretended that climate change could be ignored. But the fossil fuel industry unleashed a well-funded backlash against the newly elected Barack Obama, and the politics of energy became radioactive. Beshear, who had coal industry backing, dropped one of his most important strategies: a renewable portfolio standard requiring utilities to sell a specified amount of renewable energy (solar, wind, hydro), thus diversifying the energy mix and reducing emissions. Twenty-nine states and Washington, D.C. have such mandates, while eight states have set renewable energy goals. Kentucky is one of 13 states that have neither. Bevin touts that he came into power free of debts to special interests. He should capitalize on that by pushing Kentucky out of its “sentimental” attachment to coal and into the energy mainstream, where the jobs and investment will be. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 8 hours ago Body of missing fisherman found 1:17 8 hours ago Body of missing fisherman found 1:08 13 hours ago State Rep. David Meade: Adoption Process Too Lengthy 1:44 17 hours ago Aerial video of Squires Road site for controversial project View More Video Editorials No surplus of sunlight at courts agency Do density right on Squires Road Sen. Albert Robinson’s hollow fruits Bevin subs softball radio for answers Ky. miners paying with their lungs Editorials Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Paper Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Delivery Vacation Stop Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Options Advertising Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Local Deals Shopping Digital Solutions Media Kit More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research and Markets – Global Packaged Fruit Snacks Market Growth at CAGR of 12.21%, 2017-2021: Drivers, Challenges & Trends – Key Players are General Mills, Kellogg, SunOpta, Sunkist Growers & Welch’s The global packaged dried fruits and fruit snacks market to grow at a CAGR of 12.21% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global packaged dried fruits and fruit snacks market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report analyses the market potential for each product based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, and market demand and supply scenario. The report also includes a discussion of the Key vendors operating in this market. One trend in the market is growing preference for online shopping. It is expected that online grocery shopping platforms will become one of the key distribution channels during the forecast period. Speedy delivery and economical selling prices are major factors that will fuel the growth of this channel. This channel will also help small and local vendors to reach more consumers by marketing their products online. This can help manufacturers to promote their products on a national and international scale. For example, Walmart has an online store, which offers fruit snacks from brands all around the world. According to the report, one driver in market is changing food consumption patterns. The past few years have witnessed a drastic rise in the occurrence of diabetes, digestive disorders, allergies, and obesity among the global population. With such health-related issues on the rise, most consumers have now consciously started opting for healthy diet plans a fact that is fueling the demand for foods like fruit snacks. The health-conscious population demands foods with fewer calories and with the optimal combination of essential nutrients. Hence, healthy eating has increased the demand for fresh foods as they unprocessed and contain vitamins, fibers, and naturally occurring minerals. This could drive the sales of some packaged super fruits like berries in their natural forms. Further, the report states that one challenge in market is rise in demand for fresh fruits. People have become increasingly health-conscious and prefer a healthy diet, which will impede the growth of processed food products like fruit snacks. Fresh foods are those that are available in the raw state and have not undergone any form of thermal processing. They are not frozen, and no preservatives are added to them. There is a high demand for such products across the globe as consumers realize the health benefits that these fresh foods offer. Eating fresh produce provides an individual with more energy, reduces the effects of aging, and helps in reducing weight. Considering such factors, the stiff competition from fresh fruits will likely be a major challenge for the global packaged fruit snacks market in the next five years. Key vendors General Mills Kellogg SunOpta Sunkist Growers Welch’s Other prominent vendors Flaper Bare Foods Crispy Green Crunchies Natural Food Mount Franklin Foods Nourish Snacks Nutty Goodness Paradise Fruits Peeled Snacks Tropical Foods Whitewave Services Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Part 02: Scope of the report Part 03: Market research methodology Part 04: Introduction Part 05: Market landscape Part 06: Market segmentation by product type Part 07: Geographical segmentation Part 08: Distribution channels Part 09: Key leading countries Part 10: Market drivers Part 11: Impact of drivers Part 12: Market challenges Part 13: Impact of drivers and challenges Part 14: Market trends Part 15: Vendor landscape Part 16: Key vendor analysis Part 17: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/36l3gh/global_packaged Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets—global-packaged-fruit-snacks-market-growth-at-cagr-of-1221-2017-2021-drivers-challenges–trends—key-players-are-general-mills-kellogg-sunopta-sunkist-growers–welchs-300441084.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Satisfy Your Urges at the Seattle Erotic Art Festival Next PostNext Professional Fighters League Announces World’s Only Mixed Martial Arts League Search Recent Posts Sildenafil Drug Market 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Global Bacterial Biopesticides Sales 2017 Market Survey Study Analysis and Overview: Industry Trend, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Global Tubular Heater industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Ammonium Lauryl Sulphate Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Analysis of Global Aerospace Bearings Sales Market 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research and Markets – Global Packaged Fruit Snacks Market Growth at CAGR of 12.21%, 2017-2021: Drivers, Challenges & Trends – Key Players are General Mills, Kellogg, SunOpta, Sunkist Growers & Welch’s DUBLIN, Apr 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Global Packaged Fruit Snacks Market 2017-2021” report to their offering. The global packaged dried fruits and fruit snacks market to grow at a CAGR of 12.21% during the period 2017-2021. The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global packaged dried fruits and fruit snacks market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report analyses the market potential for each product based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, and market demand and supply scenario. The report also includes a discussion of the Key vendors operating in this market. One trend in the market is growing preference for online shopping. It is expected that online grocery shopping platforms will become one of the key distribution channels during the forecast period. Speedy delivery and economical selling prices are major factors that will fuel the growth of this channel. This channel will also help small and local vendors to reach more consumers by marketing their products online. This can help manufacturers to promote their products on a national and international scale. For example, Walmart has an online store, which offers fruit snacks from brands all around the world. According to the report, one driver in market is changing food consumption patterns. The past few years have witnessed a drastic rise in the occurrence of diabetes, digestive disorders, allergies, and obesity among the global population. With such health-related issues on the rise, most consumers have now consciously started opting for healthy diet plans a fact that is fueling the demand for foods like fruit snacks. The health-conscious population demands foods with fewer calories and with the optimal combination of essential nutrients. Hence, healthy eating has increased the demand for fresh foods as they unprocessed and contain vitamins, fibers, and naturally occurring minerals. This could drive the sales of some packaged super fruits like berries in their natural forms. Further, the report states that one challenge in market is rise in demand for fresh fruits. People have become increasingly health-conscious and prefer a healthy diet, which will impede the growth of processed food products like fruit snacks. Fresh foods are those that are available in the raw state and have not undergone any form of thermal processing. They are not frozen, and no preservatives are added to them. There is a high demand for such products across the globe as consumers realize the health benefits that these fresh foods offer. Eating fresh produce provides an individual with more energy, reduces the effects of aging, and helps in reducing weight. Considering such factors, the stiff competition from fresh fruits will likely be a major challenge for the global packaged fruit snacks market in the next five years. Key vendors Other prominent vendors Key Topics Covered: Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com   SOURCE Research and Markets CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Labbrand Appoints Denise Sabet as Managing Director North America Next PostNext Carbon-Graphite Bushings Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2025 Search Recent Posts EPA Administrator Visits Contaminated Site in East Chicago, Pledges Coordinated Cleanup Among Federal, State and Local Partners CELADON SHAREHOLDER ALERT BY FORMER LOUISIANA ATTORNEY GENERAL: KAHN SWICK & FOTI, LLC REMINDS INVESTORS WITH LOSSES IN EXCESS OF $100,000 of Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit Against Celadon Group Inc. – (CGI) First patients at Vanderbilt University Medical Center implanted in EndoStim’s LESS GERD clinical trial for gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD) Arak Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Vitalwerteder Athleten werden bei einer Live Online-Übertragung der Panasonic Open Golf Championship 2017 sichtbar Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hosted by AmCham South China, the 2017 APCAC Asia Pacific Business Summit Starts Today GUANGZHOU, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The American Chamber of Commerce in South China (AmCham South China) today announced at LN Garden Hotel the opening of the 2017 APCAC Asia Pacific Business Summit. The four-day event brings together more than 600 business and industry leaders, policy experts, and top government officials from U.S., China, and from across the Asia Pacific region. As an "Economic Powerhouse" Asia Pacific Council of American Chambers of Commerce (APCAC) represents 29 American Chambers of Commerce from 22 economies in Asia Pacific; 20,000 member companies; 50,000 overseas American executives; 10 million employees; USD620 billion in annual FDI management and USD1 trillion in annual trade. Over the next four days, more than 100 international expert speakers will address issues of common concern including areas of opportunity for investments in Asia Pacific. On the first day of April 19th, all APCAC Executive Directors will engage in a closed-door meeting to discuss best corporate practices. On the morning of the second day, April 20th, AmCham South China and Department of Commerce of Guangdong Province will jointly hold a plenary session which will be attended by senior Chinese national, provincial and city leaders; in the afternoon, the APCAC 2017 Business Summit will officially kick off with a grand opening, which will be attended by the Chargé d'Affaires ad interim of U.S. Embassy in Beijing, Mr. David H. Rank, U.S. Consul General in Guangzhou, Mr. Charles Bennett, AmCham South China President and APCAC Host, Dr. Harley Seyedin, and many other distinguished guests. On topics of finance, investment, tourism, immigration and the new U.S. administration, the afternoon continued with discussion panels involving CIFIT Organizing Committee, Government of Guam, Walmart, HSBC, Amway, Citigroup, Duff & Phelps, AIG, PayPal, Withers Worldwide, KKR, etc. On the third day of April 21st, there will be all-day plenary sessions and discussion panels, where ambassadors and senior officials of Consulates General, representatives of cities of Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Dongguan and Boston, U.S. and Chinese academic experts, and industry leaders including Times Industry, FedEx, Mead Johnson Nutrition, Caterpillar, and Rockwell Automation are scheduled to share their opinions in fields of FDI, manufacturing, automation, smart cities, IPR, e-commerce, logistics and human resource. On the last day, some delegates are also invited to a trip to Shunde District, followed by the 2017 AmCham South China's Spring Gala Ball at Garden Hotel Guangzhou to celebrate a successful APCAC. Hosted by AmCham South China, the 2017 Business Summit represents a unique opportunity for South China, especially Guangdong, Fujian, Hainan Provinces, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, and Hong Kong and Macau SAR to showcase their latest developments. About APCAC Established in 1968, the Asia Pacific Council of American Chambers of Commerce (APCAC) is an association of 29 American Chambers of Commerce in the Asia-Pacific region. APCAC's collective membership represents over 20,000 businesses, over 50,000 overseas American workers and over 10 million employees. American enterprises provided over USD620 billion in investment and USD1 trillion in annual trade in the APCAC region. The APCAC Business Summit is hosted each spring by an APCAC member AmCham. The annual summit attracts corporate and government leaders from across the region and provides a valuable platform for dialogue on key issues, networking and business development. About The American Chamber of Commerce in South China The American Chamber of Commerce in South China (AmCham South China) is a non-partisan, non-profit organization dedicated to facilitating bilateral trade between the United States and the People's Republic of China. Certified in 1995 by its parent organization, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in Washington, D.C., AmCham South China represents more than 2,300 corporate and individual members, is governed by a fully-independent Board of Governors elected from its membership, and provides dynamic, on-the-ground support for American and International companies doing business in South China. In 2016, AmCham South China hosted nearly 10,000 business executives, government leaders and journalists from around the world at its briefings, seminars, committee meetings and social gatherings. SOURCE AmCham South China CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ACI Worldwide and Alipay Enable Merchants Across Europe to Transform In-Store Experience for Chinese Shoppers Next PostNext Boric Acid Market – Segment by Application and Geography Trends and Forecasts 2021 Search Recent Posts Ivanti Completes SOC 2 Type II Certification Haversack Logistics official sponsor of the rock ‘n’ roll Marathon series THE GROUNDHOG WAS RIGHT: GET READY FOR MORE WINTER – Snow could affect evening commutes tomorrow, go to 511Virginia.org for updates CTB AWARDS TWELVE CONTRACTS WORTH $76.8 MILLION – Widening, congestion relief coming to Route 711/288 interchange in VDOT’s Richmond District “ROAD WORK AHEAD” TRAINING SYMPOSIUM PROPELS DBE FIRMS – The Virginia Department of Transportation promotes partnerships to create contract opportunities Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Hosted by AmCham South China, the 2017 APCAC Asia Pacific Business Summit Starts Today GUANGZHOU, April 19, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The American Chamber of Commerce in South China (AmCham South China) today announced at LN Garden Hotel the opening of the 2017 APCAC Asia Pacific Business Summit. The four-day event brings together more than 600 business and industry leaders, policy experts, and top government officials from U.S., China, and from across the Asia Pacific region. As an „Economic Powerhouse” Asia Pacific Council of American Chambers of Commerce (APCAC) represents 29 American Chambers of Commerce from 22 economies in Asia Pacific; 20,000 member companies; 50,000 overseas American executives; 10 million employees; USD620 billion in annual FDI management and USD1 trillion in annual trade. Press Conference of APCAC 2017 Asia Pacific Business Summit (PRNewsfoto/AmCham South China) Executive Directors and Presidents of American Chambers of Commerce in Asia Pacific (PRNewsfoto/AmCham South China) Over the next four days, more than 100 international expert speakers will address issues of common concern including areas of opportunity for investments in Asia Pacific. On the first day of April 19th, all APCAC Executive Directors will engage in a closed-door meeting to discuss best corporate practices. On the morning of the second day, April 20th, AmCham South China and Department of Commerce of Guangdong Province will jointly hold a plenary session which will be attended by senior Chinese national, provincial and city leaders; in the afternoon, the APCAC 2017 Business Summit will officially kick off with a grand opening, which will be attended by the Chargé d’Affaires ad interim of U.S. Embassy in Beijing, Mr. David H. Rank, U.S. Consul General in Guangzhou, Mr. Charles Bennett, AmCham South China President and APCAC Host, Dr. Harley Seyedin, and many other distinguished guests. On topics of finance, investment, tourism, immigration and the new U.S. administration, the afternoon continued with discussion panels involving CIFIT Organizing Committee, Government of Guam, Walmart, HSBC, Amway, Citigroup, Duff & Phelps, AIG, PayPal, Withers Worldwide, KKR, etc. On the third day of April 21st, there will be all-day plenary sessions and discussion panels, where ambassadors and senior officials of Consulates General, representatives of cities of Guangzhou, Shenzhen, Dongguan and Boston, U.S. and Chinese academic experts, and industry leaders including Times Industry, FedEx, Mead Johnson Nutrition, Caterpillar, and Rockwell Automation are scheduled to share their opinions in fields of FDI, manufacturing, automation, smart cities, IPR, e-commerce, logistics and human resource. On the last day, some delegates are also invited to a trip to Shunde District, followed by the 2017 AmCham South China’s Spring Gala Ball at Garden Hotel Guangzhou to celebrate a successful APCAC. Hosted by AmCham South China, the 2017 Business Summit represents a unique opportunity for South China, especially Guangdong, Fujian, Hainan Provinces, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, and Hong Kong and Macau SAR to showcase their latest developments. About APCAC Established in 1968, the Asia Pacific Council of American Chambers of Commerce (APCAC) is an association of 29 American Chambers of Commerce in the Asia-Pacific region. APCAC’s collective membership represents over 20,000 businesses, over 50,000 overseas American workers and over 10 million employees. American enterprises provided over USD620 billion in investment and USD1 trillion in annual trade in the APCAC region. The APCAC Business Summit is hosted each spring by an APCAC member AmCham. The annual summit attracts corporate and government leaders from across the region and provides a valuable platform for dialogue on key issues, networking and business development. About The American Chamber of Commerce in South China The American Chamber of Commerce in South China (AmCham South China) is a non-partisan, non-profit organization dedicated to facilitating bilateral trade between the United States and the People’s Republic of China. Certified in 1995 by its parent organization, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in Washington, D.C., AmCham South China represents more than 2,300 corporate and individual members, is governed by a fully-independent Board of Governors elected from its membership, and provides dynamic, on-the-ground support for American and International companies doing business in South China. In 2016, AmCham South China hosted nearly 10,000 business executives, government leaders and journalists from around the world at its briefings, seminars, committee meetings and social gatherings. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/hosted-by-amcham-south-china-the-2017-apcac-asia-pacific-business-summit-starts-today-300441637.html SOURCE AmCham South China CategoriesUncategorized TagsTrade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TS et NeoXam s’associent afin de rationaliser les flux de travail en matière de gestion des investissements Next PostNext Psyllium Seed Market size and forecast, 2017-2027 Search Recent Posts Sildenafil Drug Market 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Global Bacterial Biopesticides Sales 2017 Market Survey Study Analysis and Overview: Industry Trend, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Global Tubular Heater industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Ammonium Lauryl Sulphate Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Analysis of Global Aerospace Bearings Sales Market 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Hot Topics: Triple homicide Motorcycle rider remembered Toddler killed 'Forced pooling' bill Municipalization News tips Print   Email   Font Resize Friends remember Longmont teen killed in Easter motorcycle crash near Lyons By Karen Antonacci and Mitchell Byars Staff Writers Posted:   04/17/2017 12:55:29 PM MDT Updated:   04/17/2017 10:07:49 PM MDT Monica Griffith, of Mead, cries during Monday evening's ceremony to erect a memorial for Grayson Wolff at the site where Wolff died in a motorcycle crash Sunday on Colo. 66 near Lyons. (Jonathan Castner / For the Times-Call) As the sun set behind Longs Peak to the west, more than 70 motorcycle riders roared into place on the shoulder of Colo. 66 to pay tribute to their friend, Grayson Wolff, who was killed in a wreck Sunday. Colorado State Patrol Trooper Nate Reid said Wolff was riding a 2007 Yamaha motorcycle toward Lyons on Colo. 66 east of U.S. 36 at 1:30 p.m. Sunday. Reid said Wolff appeared to be traveling at a high rate of speed when he lost control of his motorcycle, fell off the vehicle and slid into oncoming traffic. A 2014 Dodge Caravan tried to turn right to avoid the rider, but he hit the front left of the vehicle, according to Reid. Cori Thurman, one of Wolff's friends and fellow members of motorcycle club 303 District, disputed Reid's version of events. Thurman said he was right beside Wolff when the wreck happened. Thurman said they were heading toward Longmont on Colo. 66, not Lyons, when "a red car slammed on its brakes" and clipped Wolff's leg. Thurman said Wolff fell off of his motorcycle, which went flying, and Wolff went under the wheels of vehicles in the center of the lane. Wolff was pronounced dead on scene. The driver and passenger in the Dodge were not injured, Reid said. The crash remains under investigation, and no citations have been issued at this time. Advertisement Wolff was 19 and graduated from Mead High School in May. Friends and family described him as a happy person with an insatiable enthusiasm for life. Members of 303 District club held a memorial ride Monday night from the WalMart in north Longmont to the site of where Wolff was killed — on Colo. 66 just west of the Cemex plant. There, Wolff's friends said a prayer and reminded each other to be safe over the sound of vehicles passing on Colo. 66. They lit candles and placed a white wooden cross in the ground. During moments of silence, there were quiet sniffs to hold back tears and the sound of motorcycle riders consolingly patting each other on their thick, leather riding jackets. Wolff's sister, Lacy Wolff, attended the memorial and said she was grateful for the support her family has received. Lacy Wolff said the memorial ride meant a lot to her. "He was loved by everyone because of who he was and I'm glad that everyone could come out tonight and celebrate that," Lacy Wolff said. Cori Thurman and Dylan Oakes, both of Longmont, hold back tears during Monday's ceremony remembering Grayson Wolff. (Jonathan Castner / For the Times-Call) Mike Humphreys, one of Grayson Wolff's friends, said that the 19-year-old had joined the 303 District club only a few months ago. Humphreys said it was immediately clear that Wolff was a talented rider. "I'm 33, and I've been riding for a long time," Humphreys said. "Grayson could ride right beside me. He had skills equal or better than what I have." Others at the memorial ride said Wolff was a talented artist and musician who could soak up new skills like a sponge. "He was always trying to learn a new instrument or something. He was an amazing artist with drawing but also a great musician," said Wolff's friend, Dylan Oakes. "He was never scared of a challenge at all. He was best at the violin." Humphreys said Wolff could play the violin, the cello and the guitar. Bailey Stone, of Mead, attended high school with Wolff. She remembered his positive attitude and mastery of the violin. "He was always ready and willing to do whatever anyone asked him. He always had the biggest smile on his face," Stone said. "I remember he played the violin for me once. It was — gorgeous is the only word for it — it was the most beautiful thing I ever heard and I almost cried." June and Ed McQueen, of Longmont, came to the memorial ride in their car. June McQueen said they are family friends of the Wolffs and wanted to be there to represent Grayson Wolff's parents. Wolff's parents were having Easter dinner at the McQueens when they found out about the wreck via a cellphone call. "The house was full and we were laughing and sharing and having a good time and then with one phone call—" June McQueen said, snapping her fingers to indicate the suddenness in the change of atmosphere. June McQueen said Grayson Wolff was a kind young man who installed a chandelier for her and Ed three weeks ago. "We had a good talk, a very nice visit about what he would do this spring and what his plans for his future were," June McQueen said, with tears in her eyes. Karen Antonacci: 303-684-5226, antonaccik@times-call.com or twitter.com/ktonacci Mitchell Byars: 303-473-1329, byarsm@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/mitchellbyars Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Multi-family housing proposed for Silver Saddle Motel at mouth of Boulder Canyon Lawmakers usher forward measure aimed at limiting reach of 'forced pooling' Boulder's Local Label Day expected to be an alternative to Record Store Day   BOCOPREPS (Jeremy Papasso / Staff Photographer) BUFFZONE Girls golf: Niwot's Solem embracing family legacy Cougars freshman finished fourth at Indian Peaks LAFAYETTE — The Class 4A state champion in 2015 and the state runner-up in 2016, Silver Creek golfer Jackson Solem has stood among the elite tier of Colorado prep golf for several years now. Full Story Girls soccer: Broomfield continues amazing defensive stretch Girls soccer: Musser's four goals lead Skyline to rout of Berthoud Track and field: Local girls tearing up prep pole vault field Buffzone BUFFZONE (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker SECOND STORY GARAGE SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video President Trump Death for Indian 'spy' Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local BigBasket and Grofers start merger talks Livemint Shrutika Verma 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Wife lies to hubby about Trump Are ISIS, Al-Qaeda merging? Online grocer BigBasket, run by Supermarket Grocery Services Pvt. Ltd, and smaller rival Grofers India Pvt. Ltd have initiated talks for a merger that, if consummated, will also see SoftBank Group, an existing investor in the latter, participate in a $60-100 million funding round in the merged entity, said three people aware of the development.© Getty Images BigBasket needs the money. By far the best-funded online grocery store, it has held talks with investors such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Amazon.com Inc, Tencent Holdings Ltd, and Fosun International Ltd for a fresh round of funds. The talks haven’t progressed far, the people cited above said. Consequently BigBasket, which these people said incurs a cash burn of about $6 million per month, is keen on getting the deep-pocketed SoftBank on board as it rapidly runs out of cash. Grofers, meanwhile, is sitting pretty with about $50-60 million of cash in bank and a burn of about $2 million a month. BigBasket spokesperson did not respond to emails seeking comment. SoftBank declined to comment. “The team at Grofers is focused on executing on our long-term strategy and we are well capitalized for that with an investor set that supports the vision. We don’t need to make any strategic moves at this time,” said Alibinder Dhindsa, founder and chief executive of Grofers. BigBasket has so far raised at least $220 million in funds from investors including Abraaj Group, Bessemer Venture Partners, Sands Capital and International Finance Corp. It last raised $150 million from a clutch of investors in March 2016 at a valuation of about $450-500 million. BigBasket is hoping for a valuation of at least $700-800 million, while Grofers could be valued at $150-200 million, one of the three persons cited above said. “The talks are in early stages, but there is definitely interest from both parties. If the deal happens, SoftBank will invest in the merged entity but a lot hinges on the valuation. The stakeholders are yet to agree on a valuation,” added this person. The Times of India newspaper reported in January that Grofers and BigBasket were exploring a merger. Grofers started out as a hyperlocal grocery delivery start-up in December 2013, picking up goods from neighbourhood grocers and delivering them to consumers, charging the merchants single-digit commission on the total order value as delivery fee. Over the past eight months, Grofers has been gradually moving away from the hyperlocal model. As the cost of delivery far exceeded the commission earned, the firm started shifting to the inventory model and launched high-margin private brands. It started selling staples and snacks under its private brands Freshbury and Best Value. Grofers has so far raised $165 million from Tiger Global Management and SoftBank, among others. During its last fundraise of $120 million in October 2015, Grofers was valued at $350-400 million. “Their business models overlap. BigBasket has always been an inventory led, private-label play while Grofers is trying to replicate it. The only upside for BigBasket in this deal is getting SoftBank as an investor,” said the first person. BigBasket owns brands such as Fresho, Royal, Tasties and HappyChef. BigBasket co-founder and chief executive Hari Menon said in an interview in December private labels would account for about 45% of the firm’s revenue by March. BigBasket aimed to clock revenue of Rs1,800-2,000 crore in 2016-17. As per research firm Tofler, BigBasket posted a loss of Rs278 crore on revenue of Rs580 crore in the year ended 31 March 2016, while Grofers posted a loss of Rs225 crore on revenue of Rs14.3 crore the same year. Anirudh Laskar in Mumbai contributed to the story. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More From Livemint Nestle takes Maggi off the shelves Livemint Global gold prices steady on geopolitical worries amid firm dollar Livemint Supreme Court approves e-auction of Taj Mansingh Hotel Livemint Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
Skip to main content Menu Order MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Mac Pro | Shop: Cheap Wireless Plans Forums Skip to navigation Skip to content iMore Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Apps & Games Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors Toggle Search Quite a deal Save nearly 50% on the W1-powered Beats Solo3 on-ear Bluetooth headphones By Jared DiPane Tuesday, Apr 18, 2017 at 8:25 am EDT 1 Comment Our friends at Thrifter are back again, this time saving you nearly 50% on a pair of Beats Solo3 Bluetooth headphones. Update: Amazon has just dropped the price of the Powerbeats3 down to $130. If you don't want on-ear headphones, check them out now! If you've been looking to pick up a pair of Beats Solo3 headphones with Apple's W1 chip but weren't sold on the price, you won't want to miss this deal. Right now Walmart is offering the headphones for $159.99, and Amazon has them for the same. These headphones normally run close to $300, but this limited-time sale offers you nearly 50% off, so you won't want to miss out. With Apple's W1 chip, pairing these headphones to your iPhone is extremely easy, and being on-ear headphones they should sit comfortably for hours of usage. Walmart also offers free 2-day shipping on the headphones, so not only can you have them quickly but you won't pay a fortune to do so. This price is $10 higher than previous deals we've seen on these headphones, but it is still a great price. Don't miss out. See at Amazon For more great deals, be sure to check out our friends at Thrifter now! Reader comments Save nearly 50% on the W1-powered Beats Solo3 on-ear Bluetooth headphones 1 Comment View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating wplantz I would totally jump on this but I tried them and the on-ear fit just isn't for me. Hurts my ears after a short period. Instead went QC35s for long sessions and AirPods for walking/out and about situations. 0 2 days ago Reply Menu Log in or Sign up Search Apple Apps & Games Accessories & Toys Photo & Video Health & Fitness Movies & Music Transport Security Rumors Analysis How To The Best Reviews Deals Forums Podcasts Android Central WindowsCentral iMore CrackBerry Connectedly TeslaCentral VRHeads MrMobile Modern Dad About Contact Us Jobs Privacy & Terms Mobile Nations 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2017 Mobile Nations Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Careers: Writer | Dev Licensing External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Startups LATEST NEWS Meet the foreign tech workers left in limbo by Donald Trump Fire at Army camp in Baramulla, no casualty reported Trump turns focus to veterans, signs extension for choice in health care Pakistan's top court to rule in case that may oust PM Nawaz Sharif View: Workers made Germany into the world's best economy Now, Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad engages in 'verbal spat' with cops Alwar: Sadhvi Kamal compares 'gau rakshaks' to Bhagat Singh Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money Biz Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Startups 10:16 AM | 20 Aprmarket stats SENSEX 29,36225.72 NIFTY 50 9,1128.10 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,250-55.00 USD/INR 64.660.08 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Best climate for growth for Emerson By Priyanka Sangani , ET Bureau | Updated: Apr 19, 2017, 11.34 AM IST Post a Comment The centre in Pune does both manufacturing and R&D for cold-chain solutions, in addition to hosting a technical training and advisory centre Generate Inquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You PUNE: Emerson's Commercial and Residential Solution business, also known as Emerson Climate Technologies in India, is betting big on the growth of the cold-chain sector in the country. The unit, which primarily makes refrigeration and air conditioning products and solutions, works with OEMs and retailers like Carrier, Voltas, Walmart and Pepsico in India and globally. According to an Assocham report, the cold-chain industry in India is growing at 28% annually and is estimated to be a $17 billion industry this year. Sridar Narayan swami, managing director-India, Emerson's Commercial & Residential Solutions told ET that while Emerson had been providing cold chain solutions in India for almost 15 years, it set up a dedicated centre three years ago in Pune, followed by one in Gurugram recently. "The Indian market is on the cusp of a big change with affluence coming in. The demand for fresh fruits and vegetables, meat and vaccines is growing. Cold-chain products work in two ways ­ they keep ice-cream or vaccines fresh till the date they need to be used, or in the case of fresh produce, extend the life of the product." The centre in Pune does both manufacturing and R&D for cold-chain solutions, in addition to hosting a technical training and advisory centre."We realised there was low awareness on how to deploy and maintain the technology, which is why we started this centre. We do highly customised, hands-on training using simulation for technicians, OEMs and end users," he said. Comments(0)Add Comments Best climate for growth for Emerson To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Keyboardist Keith Emerson of Emerson, Lake and Palmer passes away Bandmate plans tribute show in Miami for keyboard great Keith Emerson Bureaucracy is still pushing things back: Edward L.Monser, Emerson Electric Emerson completes automation for 800MW Andhra unit READ MORE ONEmersonAssocham Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share One Woman Lives Bold And Overcomes Psoriasis HealthCentral.comMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Amit Shah is a traitor, Hardik a patriot: Arvind Kejriwal I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 26 jaw dropping images of planet earth by NASA Fropky 10 Gorgeous Celebrities With Blue Eyes CrazyFreelancer This 12-Year Old Has Cancer In Her Left Arm! MILAAP Top 20 comic book villains of all time SocialDaft! NTPC's Kudgi Project to ease Bengaluru power woes Contribute more to your EPF and earn a pension Carlos the Jackal sentenced to life for 1974 Paris bombing Best international destinations for budget-travellers Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented After Flipkart, SoftBank eyes a stake in Paytm Radhakishan Damani: His journey from Dalal Street punter, to long-term investor, to entrepreneur Snapchat shares drop following CEO's alleged "India too poor" comment Goldman, Credit Suisse to set terms for Flipkart's Snapdeal buy SAP banks on startups for tech disruption; more than doubles list for India More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBahubali 2|BSE Sensex SRH vs DD|Gold rate today Sensex|IPL 2017 Income Tax Slabs Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Monika Donimirska Third Party Logistics (3PL) Market Analysis and Forecast 2020 and is Expected to Reach USD 925.31 Billion till Forecast The global 3PL market is expected to reach USD 925.31 billion by 2020. Increased convergence on core competencies by outsourcing secondary business activities such as logistics is expected to drive the 3PL market over the forecast period. Infeasibility in managing geographically dispersed supply chain operations as a result of increased globalization has led to several companies outsourcing their logistics function. Emerging trends such as Big Data and availability of industry-tailored 3PL services are expected to drive the market over the forecast period. Lack of internal control for addressing logistical challenges has led to increased outsourcing by wholesalers and retailers, thereby providing a fillip to the 3PL industry. Browse a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/third-party-logistics-3pl-market-analysis-by-service-dedicated-contract-carriage-domestic-transportation-management-international-transportation-management-warehousing-and-distribution-software-and-segment-forecasts-to-2020 Further key findings from the study suggest: DCC is expected to be a fast growing segment of the trucking and distribution industry, with several prominent retailers such as Wal-Mart, Target, and Kroger catering to the service in order to increase truck capacity and reduce costs. DTM, which involves value-added transportation management services and freight brokerage, is expected to grow consistently throughout the forecast period. Refrigerated grocery and pharmaceutical applications are expected to emerge as the major growth areas for value-added warehousing services. Asia Pacific accounted for over 30% of the market share in 2013, which can be primarily attributed to a surge in warehousing and distribution facilities in China, India, Indonesia, Singapore, and Thailand. The North American 3PL market is expected to witness high growth throughout the forecast period owing to gradually reducing labor and transportation costs in the U.S. and Mexico coupled with technological advancements in logistics software in the U.S. The Eurozone crisis has considerably dampened Europe’s transportation and logistics industry which has a direct bearing on the regional 3PL industry. Automotive and life science industries are expected to lead the rejuvenation of the European 3PL market. The 3PL market is moderately fragmented due to a blend of new entrants and established players. Due to several reasons ranging from overpriced companies & negative acquisition experiences to economic uncertainties & lack of attractive targets, the merger and acquisition (M&A) activity in the industry has considerably dampened. Continuous evolution and development of latest IT & automation systems for enhancing material tracking, value addition, flexibility, and security is expected to emerge as a key differentiating parameter of judgment while selecting a logistics partner. Request a sample copy of Report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/60656 Logistics providers have laid emphasis on deploying cloud-based solutions to harness real-time data accessibility for reducing their IT and overhead costs. Leading players such as FedEx and Kuehne + Nagel have continuously worked towards incorporation of new features in their transportation management systems to enhance their supply chain operations. Other prominent 3PL vendors include C.H. Robinson Worldwide, DHL, J.B. Hunt, and UPS Supply Chain Solutions. For the purpose of this study, Grand View Research has segmented the global 3PL market on the basis of service and region: 3PL Service Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion, 2012 – 2020) • Dedicated Contract Carriage (DCC) • Domestic Transportation Management (DTM) • International Transportation Management (ITM) • Warehousing & Distribution • Logistics Software 3PL Regional Outlook (Revenue, USD Billion, 2012 – 2020) • North America • Europe • Asia Pacific • RoW Buy a report@ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/60656 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019 Email: sales@orbisresearch.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsGlobal Third Party Logistics (3PL) Market, Google News, satPRnews, Third Party Logistics (3PL) Market, Third Party Logistics (3PL) Market Share, Third Party Logistics (3PL) Market Size Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automotive Ignition System Market Perspective by Comprehensive Analysis, Growth Prediction to 2021 Next PostNext Global Automotive Signalling Wire Market Perspective by Comprehensive Analysis, Growth Prediction to 2021 Search Recent Posts Sildenafil Drug Market 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Global Bacterial Biopesticides Sales 2017 Market Survey Study Analysis and Overview: Industry Trend, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Global Tubular Heater industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Ammonium Lauryl Sulphate Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Analysis of Global Aerospace Bearings Sales Market 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Do you support the idea of a dog park? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-04-19 / Local News Tweet Print Senior News The Clarence Senior Center is located at 4600 Thompson Road. Contact the center at 633-5138 to sign up for activities. When registering for free activities and programs, you can call the office or email your name, phone number and desired event(s) to signup@clarenceseniorcenter.org. Additional information is available at clarenceseniorcenter.org. “The mission of Clarence Senior Citizens Inc. is to provide social, recreational, educational and nutritional programs, as well as opportunities for volunteerism, to persons in the community who are age 55 and older.” Transportation The center has a 14-passenger bus available to provide transportation to members between their homes and the center. The bus, which is owned by the Town of Clarence, also takes members shopping to Tops, Wegmans, Target, Wal-Mart, Dash’s and Eastern Hills Mall on a rotating basis Call the office at 633-5138 for more information or to make arrangements for pickup. Every week Monday: So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; tap dancing, 10:15 a.m.; jazz dancing, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; euchre, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Men’s bridge, 9 a.m.; women’s bridge, 9:15 a.m.; Scrabble, 10 a.m.; Eat, Live, Be Wellness Group, 10 a.m.; blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. to noon; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; intermediate bridge, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Euchre, 9 a.m.; beginner line dance, 9 a.m.; So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; ceramics, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; line dance, 9:30 a.m.; computer support, 10 a.m. to noon; arthritis exercise, 11:15 a.m.; billiards, noon; bridge, 12:30 p.m.; watercolor painting, 1 p.m.; canasta, 1 p.m. Wednesday Evening: Billiards, 6:30 p.m.; pinochle, 6:30 p.m.; woodworking, 6:30 p.m. Thursday: Zumba, 9 a.m.; beginner bridge, 10 a.m.; tai chi, 11 a.m.; billiards, noon; duplicate bridge, 12:30 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:15 p.m; shuffleboard, 1:15 p.m. Friday: Intermediate bridge, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 9 a.m.; Rummikub, 9:30 a.m.; Senior Outreach, 9:30 to 11 a.m.; computer support, 10 to 11:30 a.m.; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; pinochle, 1 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; dominoes, 1 p.m. Lunch at the Center Lunch is served daily at 12:30 p.m. for a suggested donation of $3 for those 60 years and older. Lunch is $5 for guests younger than 60. Menus featuring daily selections are available at the center. Calendar of Events Volunteer Recognition Dinner 5:15 p.m. Thursday, April 20 — There is no better time to say “thank you” to our many volunteers than during National Volunteer Week. Join us for dinner held in your honor. Dinner will be served at 5:30 p.m. University Express: Marie Antoinette 1:30 p.m. Monday, May 1 — Via commission portraits, famous works of art, political cartoons and feature-length films, learn how Marie Antoinette is a very misunderstood historical figure. This presentation will discuss how these misconceptions have come to be ingrained in the public's perception of her. 19th Annual Twilight Time Senior Citizens’ Prom 5 p.m. Wednesday, May 3 — You are invited to attend the 20th annual Senior Citizens’ Prom sponsored by the Clarence High School Student Council and National Honor Society. Enjoy music, dancing and a catered dinner at the Clarence High School. Singles are welcome. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 10 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 336-727-7211. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday & All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $15.95 $15.95 Monday - Saturday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $11.09* $11.09* Existing Subscribers $11.09* Saturday - Monday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $12.69* $12.69* Existing Subscribers $12.69* Sunday Only & All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $10.05* $10.05* Existing Subscribers $10.05* All Access Only Receive unlimited web and mobile web access to JournalNow.com and get an electronic replica edition every day. New Subscribers $9.99* $9.99* Existing Subscribers $9.99* × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Print Only $15.95 $15.95 Existing Subscribers $15.95 Monday – Saturday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday.  Print Only $10.10 $10.10 Existing Subscribers $10.10 Saturday – Monday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Print Only $11.70 $11.70 Existing Subscribers $11.70 Sunday Only Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Print Only $9.06 $9.06 Existing Subscribers $9.06 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Newsletters Contact Us Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 56° Broken Clouds Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 81F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low 62F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 20, 2017 @ 1:54 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close 1 of 2 Courtesy of Forsyth County Detention Center Whorley Courtesy of the Agnew family Agnew Suspect in slaying of 75-year-old Winston-Salem man was convicted of shooting, robberies at age 15 By Michael Hewlett Winston-Salem Journal Michael Hewlett Apr 19, 2017 (…) +1  Whorley Courtesy of Forsyth County Detention Center +1  Agnew Courtesy of the Agnew family Adrion Demare Whorley, the man accused of fatally stabbing and dismembering a 75-year-old man, was 15 when he was convicted for his involvement in a string of armed robberies, including one in which a man was shot trying to protect his fiance. Whorley spent 16 years and four months in prison before he was released Jan. 3. Four months later, he was charged with killing John Douglas Agnew, dismembering his body, and placing some of his body parts in a duffel bag that Winston-Salem police said was recently bought at Wal-Mart. Detectives in Randolph County Sheriff’s Office found human remains belonging to Agnew in Randleman. According to a search warrant filed in Richmond County, where Whorley was arrested, Whorley listed Agnew as a friend in his official contact list in 2001 and as an approved visitor while Whorley was an inmate. Winston-Salem police said Agnew was stabbed multiple times in the neck and chest. Whorley and Michael Antonio Whorley, 19 at the time, were arrested in January 2001 for a string of armed robberies. They were also accused of shooting Oscar Carranza in the shoulder and upper thigh after he tried to calm the robbers who had threatened his fiance, Jackie Garcia, who worked at the Circle K on Shattalon Drive. It is not clear from court records whether Michael Whorley and Adrion Whorley were related, but they both lived at the same address. They were each charged with assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill, inflicting serious injury. Because Adrion Whorley was a juvenile, a hearing had to be held to determine if his case would stay in juvenile court or be transferred to Forsyth Superior Court. On March 26, 2001, Judge Roland Hayes of Forsyth District Court ruled that Adrion Whorley would be treated as an adult, according to court records. Whorley pleaded guilty to the assault charge, six counts of armed robbery and one county of possession of stolen goods on Aug. 25, 2001 in Forsyth Superior Court. He was sentenced to about 15 years to 22 years in prison. Michael Whorley was sentenced to about 22 years in prison and is scheduled to be released in November of this year, according to records from the N.C. Department of Adult Correction. Adrion Whorley is in the Forsyth County Jail with no bond allowed on a murder charge in Agnew’s death and a bond of $100,000 on a charge of concealing the death. He is scheduled to appear in Forsyth District Court on May 4. Agnew’s family released a statement Tuesday. “We again extend our deepest and most sincere gratitude to members of law enforcement, community and friends for their support during this unspeakable tragedy,” said LeShea Agnew, an Agnew family representative. “We now place our united faith in the judicial system as investigators continue their work and also ask anyone with additonal information to assist officials in this ongoing investigation. Your combined prayers continue to uplift and comfort our entire family in the wake of this devastation. We decline to comment further until our family can come to terms with our unimaginable loss as we await the outcome of this case.” mhewlett@wsjournal.com (336) 727-7326 @mhewlettWSJ +1  Whorley Courtesy of Forsyth County Detention Center +1  Agnew Courtesy of the Agnew family Tags John Douglas Agnew Law Crime Adrion Whorley Michael Antonio Whorley Criminal Law Armed Robbery Charge Prison Jackie Garcia Michael Hewlett Follow Michael Hewlett Close Get email notifications on Michael Hewlett daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Michael Hewlett posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Michael Hewlett Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Popular This Week Police: 18-year-old killed playing 'Russian roulette' 75-year-old stabbed multiple times before he was dismembered; new details emerge in grisly killing Winston-Salem lands two NCAA championship events Winston-Salem man dies in motorcycle crash Lawsuit settled after disputed claim day-care worker held boy, urged child to hit him Man charged with murder in dismemberment case Wake Forest Baptist contracts with Georgia company for outpatient billing; medical center says no jobs lost Woman's journey to healing difficult after fiance's suicide at Greensboro parking deck Police locate missing 20-year-old woman from Winston-Salem How many kids sick at your child's school? Winston-Salem doctors create app to track it Poll Should taxpayer money go toward religious schools? You voted: Sure, why not? Maybe, depending on what it buys. No. Vote View Results Back Galleries ACC Barnstorming Tour at South Stokes High School Davie County Courthouse Dome Forsyth Country Day vs Westchester Country Day Tennis Reagan 12, West Forsyth 2 Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Sections Deseret NewsOpinion Opinion Richard Davis: When deregulating, the Trump administration should remember history By Richard DavisFor the Deseret News Published: April 19, 2017 12:00 a.m. Updated: yesterday 10 Comments 1 of 1 View 1 Item Susan Walsh, AP President Donald Trump gestures as he leaves Air Force One at General Mitchell International Airport in Milwaukee, Tuesday, April 18, 2017. One of the main activities of the new administration has been deregulation. In recent weeks, President Trump, with congressional help, has overturned rules requiring energy companies to disclose payments they make to foreign governments, forbidding coal debris from being dumped in streams, and preventing internet providers from selling personal information without the consumer’s consent, to name a few. The administration promises more are coming. There should be periodic reviews of regulations to determine if they remain useful. Some regulations may apply to certain time periods or crises that are no longer relevant. Government should examine regulations to determine their continued value, and past administrations have done just that. However, the Trump administration’s intent is different. Instead, President Trump seems determined to undo whatever the Obama administration did. The motive is not to find outdated regulations, but to satisfy large corporations who don’t like government regulations. The argument is that these regulations stifle industry and should be eliminated. This is not a new argument. It has been used by critics (primarily Republicans) of government’s regulatory role for over a hundred years. When President Theodore Roosevelt attacked trusts that monopolized industries, corporations like U.S. Steel and Standard Oil complained that regulations crippled their business. Besides, they argued, it wasn’t the government’s role anyway to intervene in their relations with their competitors, their workers or their customers. Economic regulations grew in number and strength primarily to check the growth of big business. Large corporations controlled their industries by special deals with government and other industries. Many undercut competitors and drove them out of business. Then, free of competition, they raised prices. They favored protectionist tariffs to prevent competition, also raising prices on consumers. Many of these corporations forced workers to live in company homes, shop at company stores, and accept wage cuts whenever the company chose to impose them. They employed children and worked them long hours. Their workspaces often were unsafe. Products often harmed people rather than helped them. Big government developed in response to the political and economic power of big business. Without some counterweight, these businesses would be able to do what they wanted without accountability to others. Worker and consumer protection regulations today rein in the tendency of many businesses to satisfy the bottom line at the expense of others. Those were the bad old days we no longer live in, right? Not necessarily. In many ways, big business is just as powerful today as it was 100 years ago. Corporations like Microsoft, Amazon and Wal-Mart, for example, are behemoths in their industrial sectors. Try buying a computer today without a Microsoft program or finding a financially solvent independent bookstore. Watch what happens to local businesses when a Wal-Mart store moves into a small city. At the same time administrations review regulations, they also should determine what needs to be regulated and isn’t. For example, should a company be able to monitor where you go on the internet? Should a prospective employer be able to do a criminal and credit background check before hiring you? Should an airline be able to bump you involuntarily from a seat you bought and paid for? There are many areas where more government regulation is necessary to protect workers and consumers. Will the Trump administration undertake that review as well? I am not holding my breath. Of course regulation critics point to the Constitution and the Founders as evidence that government should not be that big. The Constitution says little about economics. And wasn’t Thomas Jefferson, for example, a strong advocate of small government? 10 comments on this story Yet the Framers lived in a different era when big corporations did not exist. Business was not as powerful as it became a century later. If he were alive today, Jefferson, as a populist, might advocate big government to balance the power of big business. Admittedly, Americans have not altered the Constitution to create a government that keeps business in check. Instead, we have re-interpreted the Constitution to meet the threat of economic and political power being concentrated in too few hands, to the detriment of the rest of us. Conveniently, the Trump administration has forgotten this history. Richard Davis is a professor of political science at Brigham Young University. He is the author of "The Liberal Soul: Applying the Gospel of Jesus Christ in Politics." His opinions do not necessarily reflect those of BYU. Like that? Read this. Sponsored by East West Health Troubled breathing: normal aging or a sign of something serious? Opinion 16 hours ago Op-ed: America's choices when it comes to North Korea Opinion 13 hours ago Ben Tullis: Future of Chaffetz, his 3rd Congressional District seat The PopuList 1 Charles Krauthammer: The Great Reversal — for now 2 Ben Tullis: 'Be of good cheer': Finding peace in troubled times 3 In our opinion: In defense of marital fidelity 4 Op-ed: Baseball is so much more than the speed of play 5 Inside the newsroom: Building trust and overcoming betrayal in 2017 View all for Opinion most Commented 32 In our opinion: A worthy message 23 Charles Krauthammer: The Great Reversal — for now 22 Op-ed: Reforming the Antiquities Act into a law for the people 16 In our opinion: In defense of marital fidelity 16 Letter: The real responsibility 12 Op-ed: As a high school junior I chose to keep my boy 12 Op-ed: An ancient cemetery is no place for an elementary school 11 Boyd Matheson: The echo of the empty Congressional chamber Thursday, April, 20, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Susan Foster, Partner, Perkins Coie LLP to Speak at TKG’s LIVE Webcast (1888PressRelease) April 19, 2017 – The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series, the leading producer of regulatory focused webcasts, has announced today that Susan Foster, Partner, Perkins Coie LLP will speak at the Knowledge Group’s webcast entitled: „New Considerations Under Employment and Antitrust Law When Creating Restrictive Covenants.” For further details, please visit: https://theknowledgegroup.org/event-homepage/?event_id=2653 About Susan Foster Susan Foster is a partner in Perkins Coie’s Litigation practice and the Firm-wide Chair of the Firm’s Antitrust and Unfair Competition practice. She routinely litigates employment trade secret and restrictive covenant cases and was lead counsel on notable employment related trade secret cases such as Walmart v Amazon and Move v. Zillow. Her antitrust and litigation practice includes United States and foreign merger challenges, Section 1 and 2 monopolization cases, Robinson Patman matters and a range of intellectual property matters. She also provides antitrust counseling to a variety of high-technology, manufacturing and retail clients. About Perkins Coie LLP With more than 1,000 lawyers in 19 offices across the United States and Asia, Perkins Coie LLP represents great companies across a wide range of industries and stages of growth-from startups to FORTUNE 500 corporations. Perkins Coie’s litigators have extensive experience in state and federal jurisdictions and at every appellate level including the U.S. Supreme Court. The group includes 17 Fellows in the American College of Trial Lawyers. It has a well-deserved reputation for business-minded and client-centric approaches to litigation. Whether the objective is immediate injunctive relief, timely resolution of a business dispute, private arbitration, or victory at trial, the client’s objective drives our strategy. Litigators counsel clients in a range of areas, from antitrust and unfair competition, to privacy, patent litigation, product liability, class action defense, insurance, securities, white collar and more. Event Synopsis: Restrictive covenants are important tools that can be vital for a company’s success. However, they should always be drafted with considerable care to avoid court scrutiny and ultimately be enforceable. Employment agreement cases may result in significant damages which employers must always keep in mind. Moreover, restrictive covenants should always be reviewed and updated to comply with various federal and state laws on employment and antitrust. In this LIVE Webcast, a panel of thought leaders and practitioners assembled by The Knowledge Group will discuss the latest and significant updates related to restrictive covenants and non-compete agreements. They will also review recent case law on the topic and give insights on how courts determine whether or not restrictive covenant clauses in an employment agreement are enforceable. The audience will learn best practices in drafting and enforcing restrictive covenants in an employment contract without running afoul of employment and antitrust laws. About The Knowledge Group/The Knowledge Congress Live Webcast Series The Knowledge Group was established with the mission to produce unbiased, objective, and educational live webinars that examine industry trends and regulatory changes from a variety of different perspectives. The goal is to deliver a unique multilevel analysis of an important issue affecting business in a highly focused format. To contact or register for an event, please visit: http://theknowledgegroup.org/ ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious John M. Riccione, Partner, Taft Stettinius and Hollister LLP to Speak at KC’s Event Next PostNext William J. Serritella, Jr., Partner, Taft Stettinius and Hollister LLP to Speak at KC’s Event Search Recent Posts Sildenafil Drug Market 2016-2026 by Segmentation: Based on Product, Application and Region Global Bacterial Biopesticides Sales 2017 Market Survey Study Analysis and Overview: Industry Trend, Size, Share, Growth and Forecast Global Tubular Heater industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Ammonium Lauryl Sulphate Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Analysis of Global Aerospace Bearings Sales Market 2017 Proudly powered by WordPress
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 10 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 336-727-7211. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday & All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $15.95 $15.95 Monday - Saturday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $11.09* $11.09* Existing Subscribers $11.09* Saturday - Monday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $12.69* $12.69* Existing Subscribers $12.69* Sunday Only & All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $10.05* $10.05* Existing Subscribers $10.05* All Access Only Receive unlimited web and mobile web access to JournalNow.com and get an electronic replica edition every day. New Subscribers $9.99* $9.99* Existing Subscribers $9.99* × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Print Only $15.95 $15.95 Existing Subscribers $15.95 Monday – Saturday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday.  Print Only $10.10 $10.10 Existing Subscribers $10.10 Saturday – Monday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Print Only $11.70 $11.70 Existing Subscribers $11.70 Sunday Only Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Print Only $9.06 $9.06 Existing Subscribers $9.06 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Newsletters Contact Us Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 56° Broken Clouds Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 81F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low 62F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 20, 2017 @ 1:54 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close 1 of 2 Courtesy of Forsyth County Detention Center Whorley Courtesy of the Agnew family Agnew Suspect in slaying of 75-year-old Winston-Salem man was convicted of shooting, robberies at age 15 By Michael Hewlett Winston-Salem Journal Michael Hewlett Apr 19, 2017 (…) +1  Whorley Courtesy of Forsyth County Detention Center +1  Agnew Courtesy of the Agnew family Adrion Demare Whorley, the man accused of fatally stabbing and dismembering a 75-year-old man, was 15 when he was convicted for his involvement in a string of armed robberies, including one in which a man was shot trying to protect his fiance. Whorley spent 16 years and four months in prison before he was released Jan. 3. Four months later, he was charged with killing John Douglas Agnew, dismembering his body, and placing some of his body parts in a duffel bag that Winston-Salem police said was recently bought at Wal-Mart. Detectives in Randolph County Sheriff’s Office found human remains belonging to Agnew in Randleman. According to a search warrant filed in Richmond County, where Whorley was arrested, Whorley listed Agnew as a friend in his official contact list in 2001 and as an approved visitor while Whorley was an inmate. Winston-Salem police said Agnew was stabbed multiple times in the neck and chest. Whorley and Michael Antonio Whorley, 19 at the time, were arrested in January 2001 for a string of armed robberies. They were also accused of shooting Oscar Carranza in the shoulder and upper thigh after he tried to calm the robbers who had threatened his fiance, Jackie Garcia, who worked at the Circle K on Shattalon Drive. It is not clear from court records whether Michael Whorley and Adrion Whorley were related, but they both lived at the same address. They were each charged with assault with a deadly weapon with intent to kill, inflicting serious injury. Because Adrion Whorley was a juvenile, a hearing had to be held to determine if his case would stay in juvenile court or be transferred to Forsyth Superior Court. On March 26, 2001, Judge Roland Hayes of Forsyth District Court ruled that Adrion Whorley would be treated as an adult, according to court records. Whorley pleaded guilty to the assault charge, six counts of armed robbery and one county of possession of stolen goods on Aug. 25, 2001 in Forsyth Superior Court. He was sentenced to about 15 years to 22 years in prison. Michael Whorley was sentenced to about 22 years in prison and is scheduled to be released in November of this year, according to records from the N.C. Department of Adult Correction. Adrion Whorley is in the Forsyth County Jail with no bond allowed on a murder charge in Agnew’s death and a bond of $100,000 on a charge of concealing the death. He is scheduled to appear in Forsyth District Court on May 4. Agnew’s family released a statement Tuesday. “We again extend our deepest and most sincere gratitude to members of law enforcement, community and friends for their support during this unspeakable tragedy,” said LeShea Agnew, an Agnew family representative. “We now place our united faith in the judicial system as investigators continue their work and also ask anyone with additonal information to assist officials in this ongoing investigation. Your combined prayers continue to uplift and comfort our entire family in the wake of this devastation. We decline to comment further until our family can come to terms with our unimaginable loss as we await the outcome of this case.” mhewlett@wsjournal.com (336) 727-7326 @mhewlettWSJ +1  Whorley Courtesy of Forsyth County Detention Center +1  Agnew Courtesy of the Agnew family Tags John Douglas Agnew Law Crime Adrion Whorley Michael Antonio Whorley Criminal Law Armed Robbery Charge Prison Jackie Garcia Michael Hewlett Follow Michael Hewlett Close Get email notifications on Michael Hewlett daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Michael Hewlett posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Michael Hewlett Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Popular This Week Police: 18-year-old killed playing 'Russian roulette' 75-year-old stabbed multiple times before he was dismembered; new details emerge in grisly killing Winston-Salem lands two NCAA championship events Winston-Salem man dies in motorcycle crash Lawsuit settled after disputed claim day-care worker held boy, urged child to hit him Man charged with murder in dismemberment case Wake Forest Baptist contracts with Georgia company for outpatient billing; medical center says no jobs lost Woman's journey to healing difficult after fiance's suicide at Greensboro parking deck Police locate missing 20-year-old woman from Winston-Salem How many kids sick at your child's school? Winston-Salem doctors create app to track it Poll Should taxpayer money go toward religious schools? You voted: Sure, why not? Maybe, depending on what it buys. No. Vote View Results Back Galleries ACC Barnstorming Tour at South Stokes High School Davie County Courthouse Dome Forsyth Country Day vs Westchester Country Day Tennis Reagan 12, West Forsyth 2 Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad How a community changed by refugees came to embrace Trump By Associated Press Published: 17:04 EDT, 17 April 2017 | Updated: 00:01 EDT, 19 April 2017 e-mail LEWISTON, Maine (AP) - Richard Rodrigue stood in the back of a banquet hall, watching his blond-haired, blue-eyed daughter mingle among her high school classmates. These teenagers speak dozens of languages, and hail from a dozen African nations. They fled brutal civil war, famine, oppressive regimes to find themselves here, at a pre-prom fete in this once-dying New England mill town, revived by an influx of some 7,500 immigrants over the last 16 years. Rodrigue smiled and waved at his daughter, proud she is a part of it. "It will help her in life," he said. "The world is not all white." ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-A U.S. flag hangs at the Franco American Heritage Center as a woman enters to attend the local high school's pre-prom fashion show in Lewiston, Maine, Thursday, March 16, 2017. Maine is the whitest state in America, 95 percent white, and its citizens were abruptly confronted with hundreds of black Muslims, traumatized by war and barely able to speak English. (AP Photo/David Goldman) Rodrigue believes the refugees resuscitated his town - plugging the population drain that had threatened to cripple it, opening shops and restaurants in boarded-up storefronts. But he also agrees with Donald Trump that there should be no more of them, at least not now. His working-class community, built along the banks of the Androscoggin River in the whitest state in America, is a place that some point to as proof that refugee integration can work. And yet for the first time in 30 years, voters in Androscoggin County chose a Republican for president, endorsing Trump's nativist zeal against the very sort of immigrants who share their streets and their schools. The mills that line the river sit mostly shuttered today, and a quarter of children grow up poor in the county of 107,000. So Trump's supporters here tie their embrace of his immigration clampdown to their economic anxieties. "There's got to be a point in time when you have to say, 'Whoa, let's get the working people back up. Let's bring the money in. But they keep coming, keep coming," Rodrigue said. "I guess it just boils down to: What's enough?" No one invited the Somali refugees to Lewiston. They fled bullets and warlords to eventually be chosen for resettlement in big American cities. In early 2001, a few refugee families struggling to afford housing in Portland ventured 30 miles north and found a city in retreat. Empty downtown stores were ringed by sagging apartment buildings. The refugees saw possibility in Lewiston's decay. Friends and families followed. The town morphed in a matter of months into a laboratory for what happens when culture suddenly shifts. Maine's population is 94 percent white, and its citizens were abruptly confronted with hundreds of black Muslims, barely able to speak English. Ardo Mohamed fled Mogadishu in the 1990s, when militiamen burst into her home and started shooting. She watched her father die, as the rest of the family escaped into the woods. They wound up in refugee camps, separated for years, then finally Atlanta, then Lewiston in 2001. "We wanted to be safe," said the mother of five, "just like you do." When the refugees began arriving, Tabitha Beauchesne was a student at Lewiston High School. Her new classmates were poor, but Beauchesne was poor, too. It felt to her then, and it still feels to her now, that the refugees got more help than her family. "They just seemed to take over," she said. Beauchesne doesn't consider herself racist, though acknowledges that race and religion likely play a role in her sense that the refugees overwhelmed her community. She's now a stay-at-home mother of two, and she left Lewiston to move to another school district in the county because she believes immigrant students monopolize teachers' attention. Once a Barack Obama supporter, Beauchesne turned to Trump - and she cheers his efforts to curb the flow of refugees into the U.S. She wants Trump to design a tax system that funnels less of her money to aiding those from other countries. "I just don't like giving money away that's not benefiting me and, not to sound selfish, but then seeing it benefit other people," she said. "As a business owner, my husband wouldn't donate $500 to the Salvation Army if we couldn't afford it. Our country needs to do the same thing." Taxpayers do help some of the immigrants, whose population exploded as Somali refugees gave way to those seeking asylum, from Angola, Burundi, Rwanda, a dozen nations in all. Still, many of the newcomers work, said Catherine Besteman, a professor of anthropology at Maine's Colby College. Maine's immigrants from Sub-Saharan Africa made $136.6 million in income in 2014, and paid $40 million in taxes, according to one report from a bipartisan think-tank. But Besteman said they work invisible jobs: they take out trash at hotels, do the laundry at the hospital. People don't see them working, so it's easy to assume they are living off handouts. Republican leaders - from the president to the governor to the local GOP - have seized on the resentment that breeds. The county Republican party routinely rails against what it calls "the refugee racket," and complains that the school system is forced to accommodate 34 languages. Lewiston School Superintendent Bill Webster acknowledges that does cost money. But he has a statistic he likes to share with critics. An average of 78.3 percent of immigrant students graduate from his district within five years, compared to an average of 73.3 percent of native-born students. And now some of those immigrant kids are going off to college to get degrees, as teachers, doctors, engineers. Two years ago, immigrant children led the high school soccer team to win the state championship - a moment heralded as a triumph of cultural cooperation. "If the immigrant population hadn't happened," Webster said, "Lewiston would be a community that was contracting, and potentially in a downward death spiral." Yet many on the outskirts of Lewiston have quietly stewed over the change in their county - and Trump's "America First" message rings especially true with them. Thirty miles up the highway, David Lovewell stood in the parking lot of the paper mill where he used to work, before it shed hundreds of jobs. Now he runs a logging company with his sons just outside the town of Livermore Falls. A few months ago, business got so bad he laid off eight employees. He looked down at his sneakers, bought for $25 at Walmart. There used to be two shoe factories nearby. Lovewell doesn't like to talk about immigration. He went on a cruise to Belize with his wife several years ago, and bought a carving from an old man whose hands were so worn from years of whittling they looked like leather. He remembers those hands still, and the man's dirt-floor shack with no doors and his skinny dog and the kids riding around on broken bicycles. "I struggled with it, when he did the travel ban," Lovewell said of Trump. "At the same time, I'm seeing ... people losing their jobs. Why are we so worried about immigrants coming into our country when we can't really take care of our own people?" So Lovewell looks to Trump to strike a better balance - to build an economy where his sons don't have to battle to barely get by and, after that, design an immigration system that keeps America's promise of open arms. "I guess it could sound like bigotry," he said. "But we're hurting. Americans are hurting." ___ AP data journalist Angeliki Kastanis contributed to this report. ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-The sun rises over billowing smokestacks in Lewiston, Maine, Friday, March 17, 2017. In early 2001, a few Somalian families struggling to afford housing in Portland, ventured 30 miles north to Lewiston, and a found a city in retreat. This once-dying American mill town has since been revived by an influx of some 7,500 African immigrants. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Rick Rodrigue, left, stands with his daughter Stephanie, 17, at their home in Lewiston, Maine, Thursday, March 16, 2017. His daughter attends Lewiston High School where students speak dozens of languages, and hail from dozens of nations: Somalia, Djibouti, Congo, Yemen. "It will help her in life," Rodrigue says. "The world is not all white." Yet in November 2016, Rodrigue voted for Donald Trump. Rodrigue's reasoning: America is struggling, and America needs to take care of its own before it takes care of anyone else. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Trump supporter Stephanie Rodrigue, 17, picks up one of the campaign signs she's collected in her room in Lewiston, Maine, Thursday, March 16, 2017. Although too young to vote, Rodrigue supported Trump, so much she bellowed his name at pep rallies, affixed a campaign sticker to her laptop and came to be called by her classmates "the mini-Trump." (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-A woman wearing a khimar leaves after shopping at one of the many stores owned by Somali immigrants who have settled in Lewiston, Maine, Friday, March 17, 2017. In August 2016, candidate Donald Trump stood on a stage in Portland and singled out the Somali community as criminal. The police chief quickly refuted the charge as false, since crime has decreased in Lewiston after the refugees arrived, but it continues to linger in the minds of many. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-A mural celebrating diversity decorates a hallway in Lewiston High School in Lewiston, Maine, Wednesday, March 15, 2017. Fifteen years ago, the school district had an enrollment of 4,500 students and falling _ a sign of a city on its knees, says Lewiston School Superintendent Bill Webster. Today, there are 5,400 students, more than one-quarter of them immigrants, and the number is going up. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Abdiaziz Shaleh, right, a Lewiston high school senior and co-captain of the soccer team, and Essa Gedi, center, both whose families emigrated from Somalia, sit with classmate Isiah Leach, left, during lunch in the school's cafeteria in Lewiston, Maine, Wednesday, March 15, 2017. Two years ago, immigrant children led the high school soccer team to win the state championship, a moment heralded as a triumph for the city's embrace of its immigrant community. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Abdiaziz Shaleh, 19, a senior and co-captain of the soccer team, grabs a textbook off the shelf during his American government class at Lewiston High School in Lewiston, Maine, Wednesday, March 15, 2017. Shaleh, whose family is from Somalia, is graduating from high school soon and plans to go to prep school in Massachusetts to play soccer and to prepare for college. "I want to become something," he said, listing engineer, entrepreneur or a doctor as possibilities. "Anything that could be useful." (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Lewiston city council member Tim Lajoie is reflected in a frame displaying American Revolution paraphernalia as he looks out his window at his home in Lewiston, Maine, Tuesday, March 14, 2017. "The mills moved out in the 80s and we've had this struggle to recover economically," said Lajoie, who voted for Donald Trump. "We're trying to find our footing I think. Trying to find out what we look like, what's our identity." (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Women wearing traditional muslim head coverings walk past one of the many stores downtown owned by African refugees who have settled in Lewiston, Maine, Friday, March 17, 2017. The refugees saw possibility in Lewiston's decay. Word spread quickly and friends and families followed, by the hundreds. The town morphed in a matter of months into a laboratory for what happens when demographics and culture suddenly shift. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Tabitha Beauchesne stands in her living room as photos of her husband and two children hang on the wall in her home in Auburn, Maine, Thursday, March 16, 2017. Beauchesne moved to Auburn, a city right across the river, because she believed that the refugee students at Lewiston schools take teachers' attention away from native-born kids. She voted twice for Barack Obama. Then she voted for Donald Trump, because she hopes his pledge to put America first means immigration into her hometown will stop, or at least slow down. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Tabitha Beauchesne walks past a painted U.S. flag outside a neighbor's home in Auburn, Maine, Thursday, March 16, 2017. "We have thousands and thousands of homeless people, we've got veterans out on the streets, and we're expected to bring in more refugees," said Beauchesne. "We just need to stop." Beauchesne voted for Barack Obama twice. Then she voted for Trump. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Lewiston high school seniors and co-captains of the soccer team, Joseph Kalilwa, 18, right, and Abdiaziz Shaleh, 19, play in Kaliwa's room at his home in Lewiston, Maine, Tuesday, March 14, 2017. "I mean that kind of bothers me sometimes like when people you go everywhere they just see you as a refugee," said Kalilwa who was born in the Democratic Republic of Congo and is now an American citizen. "I'm like oh well, yeah, I am a refugee but then at the same time I see myself as an American." (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Abdiaziz Shaleh, 19, a Lewiston high school senior and co-captain of the soccer team walks through a snow storm while leaving a friend's house in Lewiston, Maine, Tuesday, March 14, 2017. Shaleh, whose family is from Somalia, waited with them for several years in a refugee camp in Kenya before coming to the United States and eventually settling in Lewiston. Shaleh said President Donald Trump's election has created fear in the refugee community, including among the many students who come from immigrant families. Shaleh also worries about the many refugees who are suffering in Somalia and other parts of Africa, where famine remains a huge issue. "We got that chance (to come to America)," he said. "I just wanted them to have the same chance." (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-David Lovewell, 59, compares the emptiness of the parking lot at the paper mill compared to when he worked there a few years earlier in Jay, Maine, Friday, March 17, 2017. "Look at this parking lot. It's just amazing. At this time of day this parking lot was absolutely full: that's people, that's jobs, that's families," said Lovewell who voted for Trump. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-David Lovewell, 59, walks through the land he's logging with his sons in Farmington, Maine, Friday, March 17, 2017. Lovewell sees a dim future for them here. A few months earlier, business got so bad he came close to losing it all, and it reminded him just how fragile the blue collar economy can be. He looked down at his sneakers, which he bought for $25 at Walmart. There used to be a shoe factory in town, he said, and another one just down the road. "They're gone, they're done," he said. "And now I'm wearing shoes from China." That's why he voted for Donald Trump, because he doesn't want to have to buy shoes made someplace else. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-U.S. flags hang outside a downtown building whose storefronts are made up of businesses started by African immigrants who have settled in Lewiston, Maine, Friday, March 17, 2017. Maine's immigrants from Sub-Saharan Africa made $136.6 million in income in 2014, and paid $40 million in taxes, according to a report from the New American Economy, a bi-partisan coalition pushing for immigration reform. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-A worshipper takes his shoes off before entering the Lewiston Auburn Islamic Center for prayers in Lewiston, Maine, Friday, March 17, 2017. Hillary Clinton won the election within the city of Lewiston, though by less than 1,000 votes, a far narrower margin than President Barack Obama. It was in the rural communities circling the city, among voters who do not interact daily with the refugees, where Donald Trump got enough support to flip Androscoggin County red. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Ardo Mohamed, of Somalia, places a freshly-cooked Sambusa in a display case in her store in Lewiston, Maine, Friday, March 17, 2017. Mohamed came to Lewiston in 2001, among the first immigrant families. She fled Mogadishu in the 1990s, when militiamen burst into the home she shared with her parents and nine siblings, and started shooting. She watched her father die, as the rest of the family ran into the woods to escape. They wound up in overcrowded refugee camps, separated for years, then Atlanta, then Lewiston. "We went from a big city to a small city, for our children to have a nice life," she said. "We wanted to be safe, just like you do." (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Victoria Schalk, 22, left, and Melinda Blais, 27, right, share a traditional Somali meal with college classmate Nasteho Issa, 21, at restaurant and market opened by one of the first Somali families who settled in 2001 in Lewiston, Maine, Wednesday, March 15, 2017. The population had plummeted in 2001 as the paper mills closed. Downtown storefronts sat boarded up, ringed by sagging apartment buildings no longer needed to house workers since so few remained. The refugees saw possibility in Lewiston's decay. Word spread quickly and friends and families followed, by the hundreds. The town morphed in a matter of months into a laboratory for what happens when demographics and culture suddenly shift. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-A woman carries goods on her back after shopping at one of the many stores downtown owned by African refugees who have settled in Lewiston, Maine, Wednesday, March 15, 2017. Maine offers a welfare program called General Assistance, which provides impoverished people with vouchers for rent, utilities and food. The amount refugees has bounced up and down over the years, but it accounts for less than 1 percent of the budget, said deputy city administrator Phil Nadeau. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Lewiston High School students wait backstage to walk the runway for the school's prom fashion show at the Franco American Heritage Center in Lewiston, Maine, Thursday, March 16, 2017. For more than a decade now, their community has been an experiment in immigration and all that comes with it _ the resentment, fear, friendships, triumphs, setbacks _ and Trump's presidency marks another chapter in that struggle for the American soul. (AP Photo/David Goldman) ADVANCE FOR USE WEDNESDAY, APRIL 19, 2017 AND THEREAFTER-Richard Rodrigue, right, embraces his daughter Stephanie, 17, after she walked the runway in her high school's pre-prom fashion show in Lewiston, Maine, Thursday, March 16, 2017. Rodrigue is proud his daughter is part of a diverse school whose students speak dozens of languages, and hail from dozens of nations. Though he is conflicted; "There's got to be a point in time when you have to say, 'whoa, let's get the working people back up, let's bring the money in.' But they keep coming, keep coming," Rodrigue said. "I guess it just boils down to: What's enough? Is that wrong? Am I wrong? Am I bad? That's how I feel." (AP Photo/David Goldman) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway Heating things up 'I thought she was editing it out!' Nicki Minaj is SLAMMED for leaving Westminster Bridge footage in new music video... shot the day before terror attack Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Romantic vacation 'Don't say that!' Sam Faiers scolds beau Paul Knightley as he BLASTS Loose Women panel with foul-mouthed slur... after they slam him for THAT kiss Time to Chris and make-up? Jesy Nelson taunts ex Clark as she flashes assets in sexy red leather bralet as Little Mix star prepares to 'paint the town red' Pregnant Beyonce keeps it racy in low-cut red mini dress as she attends star-studded birthday dinner in LA Flaunted her bump in a clinging low-cut number  What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her 'Lock up daughters and crowbars!': Corrie viewers AGHAST as Tina McIntyre's killer Rob Donovan makes return to the cobbles to meet Tracy Barlow 'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together How romantic Victoria and David Beckham hid under a sheet to help him dodge the cameras as she gets her OBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace  EXCLUSIVE: 'She met up with him and they went to a pool party': TOWIE's Kate Wright 'enjoyed dates with Rio Ferdinand in Dubai'... as poses in swimwear Woah baby! Serena Williams reveals she's 20 weeks pregnant with first child (and even managed Australian grand slam win during first trimester) 'It's all a lot looser': Billie Faiers' fiancé Greg Shepherd makes VERY lewd profession about pregnant star on Mummy Diaries... as fans fawn over Nelly She snaps back quick! Slender Amanda Seyfried makes first red carpet appearance with Thomas Sadoski after giving birth last month Return to spotlight So in love! Gorgeous Zoe Saldana looks smitten as she cuddles husband Marco Perego at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Los Angeles Sylvester Stallone and wife Jennifer hit Guardians Of The Galaxy premiere with their three knockout daughters Full family outing  Oh not again, Abbey! Bleary-eyed Clancy appears worse for wear as she is guided into car by husband Peter Crouch following star-studded dinner TOWIE's Courtney Green enjoys campsite night with beau Myles Barnett in saucy reunion... as Chloe Lewis admits to sex on the beach That's a close call! Bella Hadid almost flashes her underwear as she climbs into car wearing tiny retro mini and patterned tights in London Gone with the wind! Lucy Mecklenburgh almost suffers a serious wardrobe faux pas when her bright orange floral dress blows up as she heads out in LA All that glitters! Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown as she attends Harper's Bazaar bash in New York Got her party face on! Demi Moore wears minimal makeup but gets very animated at the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash Ready to have fun 'Where has he been hiding?' Pregnant Binky Felstead shares a treasured family throwback... as fans go crazy for her 'hot' older brother Oliver Date night! Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn look loved up as ever at the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere  Hollywood nights Specs appeal! Rihanna arrives at LAX wearing bizarre white-framed shades for flight out of Los Angeles All bundled up  in sweats and a bomber jacket Chatting with one of the Girls? Lena Dunham shows off her pert posterior in leggings as she takes phone call in LA Looked in fine form Emmerdale star Lucy Pargeter, 40, joyously announces arrival of twin daughters with fiancé Rudi Coleano... after conceiving using IVF Lily Aldridge flashes flesh in gold velvet dress with asymmetric rear sash at World Of Children Hero Awards She's no stranger to showing a bit of skin TOWIE star Ferne McCann 'dumps' her boyfriend after police 'find guns and drugs' at his home and hunt him over nightclub acid attack  Beaming Lisa Snowdon dazzles in flirty frilled blouse as she cosies up to dashing fiancé George Smart at star-studded art gallery bash Bust date night! Jessica Simpson puts her cleavage on show in plunging maxi dress for dinner with Eric Johnson A very plunging dress for her night out  All bundled up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons two wintry coats for filming of HBO hit Divorce in NYC Warm spring temperatures  'I've never kissed another man in my life!' Celine Dion reveals it is 'too soon' to start dating again following the tragic death of her husband René Angélil Tough headmistress Nicole Kidman tries to kill Colin Farrell after he seduces Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning in new trailer for The Beguiled An all-star cast EXCLUSIVE Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead 'Do not disturb!' Make-up free Ashley James shows off her incredible body in sexy 'mankini' style bikini as she relaxes in hammock after swim on idyllic Mexican holiday Pretty in pink! Priyanka Chopra takes the plunge in cutout dress at Harper's Bazaar's 150th anniversary party Miss World 2000 Gabby so-leaps! Eva Longoria, 42, shows off her age-defying figure as she dives into the pool on Hawaiian getaway JoJo Fletcher and Jordan Rodgers wear matching leather jackets as they share a kiss at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere Dressing together Matching cleavage! Christie Brinkley, 63, and lookalike daughter Sailor, 18, flaunt model figures in contrasting outfits at NYC event Former supermodel 'We talk about children. All the time!' Geordie Shore's Charlotte Crosby reveals she's 'baby mad' and has already picked out names Teddy and Wolf with beau Stephen Bear 'Oiled up': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiance Kayla Rae Reid shows off bare bump as she applies cream to belly while wearing sports bra and panties 'I've never been so angry': Fuming Kris Jenner confronts ex husband Caitlyn after reading manuscript of her tell-all memoir in preview of KUWTK Kim, Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian are 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over tell-all book while Kendall and Kylie are 'in tears' over certain 'surprises' RHOC star Missé Beqiri adds fuel to pregnancy speculation with beau Jake Hall as she strategically masks her stomach... yet swiftly DELETES and replaces shot She wasn't EX-pecting to see him! Kimberley Garner flashes her abs in VERY sexy lace bustier top as attends same private view as her former MIC flame Spencer Matthews 'Double trouble': Alexa Chung wears playful slogan T-shirt with oversized fluffy jacket and cropped jeans as she touches down in LA  New romance? Halle Berry smiles on date with mystery man... but it's all for a photo shoot Snap, snapping away Charlize Theron reveals she tries to never leave home for 'more than a week' due to children... and says she is like 'any other single working mum' 'I just can't!' Madonna shares sweet snap of her twins hugging as son David bonds with his new sister Casual couple! LeAnn Rimes pairs black cropped t-shirt with quirky jumpsuit for stroll through LAX with Eddie Cibrian 'I love the big guy!' Delta Goodrem continues to fuel romance rumours with The Voice co-star Seal while chatting to Today's Karl Stefanovic...who jokes about their own tabloid 'relationship' A for effort! Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson and Lucy Hale embrace their dark style sides as they promote the final season of Pretty Little Liars Amy Schumer struts her stuff in black gym shorts and plunging white tank on a power walk in West Hollywood 'It's going to be a scarier version': Chris Pratt teases the storyline behind upcoming sequel Jurassic World 2 Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley flaunts her blossoming bump in a jumpsuit on Instagram... just a day after celebrating her 30th birthday 'It's hard to talk about': Lea Michele reveals she almost didn't include song about Cory Monteith on her new album Baby on board! Katherine Heigl slips on motorcycle jacket and jeans for flight out of LAX with four-month-old son Joshua Jr. Newly single Mel B wows in a striped blue dress as she steps out for meeting... after it's revealed star will join Spice Girls reunion following split from 'unnerving' Stephen Belafonte Javier Bardem smolders on the cover of Esquire magazine as he opens up about his marriage to Penelope Cruz Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill Looking incredible Caitlyn Jenner steps out after revealing she wasn't 'entirely comfortable' having sex with wife Kris during 24 year marriage  Lauren Goodger shrouds her curves in a grey T-shirt and black leggings as she heads to the gym... after putting on a bodacious bikini display in Dubai Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her Fab in florals! Tyra Banks is radiant in colorful pantsuit at star-studded Freeform Upfront event Khloe Kardashian rocks track pants after visiting Tristan Thompson...as it's claimed she is 'furious' with Caitlyn Jenner over new tell-all book PICTURED: Ferne McCann kisses bad boy beau Arthur Collins in happier times... as she demands he turns himself in to police over nightclub acid attack When life gives you lemons! Defiant Vicky Pattison hits back at weight gain claims in VERY busty yellow bikini... as fans laud her 'phenomenal' looks Millie Mackintosh exudes Grecian goddess glamour in a halterneck ivory gown as she jets over to Monaco for her SIXTH getaway in just four months 'Hell NO, I'm not pregnant': Coronation Street's Tina O'Brien forced to deny she's expecting her third child after fans tweet about her on-screen 'bump'  No lady Doctor in the Tardis (for now): BBC writes to worried fan to 'assure' them that Peter Capaldi's replacement WON'T be a woman 'He's funny... and has a big c***': Heather Locklear crudely reveals the appeal of ex David Spade amid his romance with Naya Rivera Jon Hamm's kidnapper divorces the Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt in new season three trailer Showing him what he's missing! Mariah Carey, 47, flaunts her generous chest in low-cut LBD after split from beau Bryan Tanaka, 34 'A lot of people use him to enhance their profile': Chris Brown's lawyer accuses Karrueche Tran of lying about abuse to garner more fame 'He was pushed to be a heartthrob': Heath Ledger's childhood friend says the late actor 'refused' to be type-cast as a Hollywood leading man and was 'prepared to lose everything' Get ready beauty lovers! Kylie Jenner gives her fans a sneak peek at new KKW make-up collaboration with sister Kim Kardashian after teasing the collection in a video  Brooklyn Beckham cuts a casual figure in a flat cap as he larks about with his pals while his mother Victoria receives her OBE at Buckingham Palace 'What a fantastic day!' Jessica Ennis-Hill is joined by dapper husband Andy Hill as she's made a Dame by Duke of Cambridge at Buckingham Palace Ronnie Wood's ex Jo is left 'furious' after she was thrown off an overbooked easyJet flight on her way home from Easter break  My mini me! Low-key Jenna Dewan enjoys girls' day out with adorable daughter Everly Happy days  Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal   Things working out? Hilary Duff shows off toned legs in skintight leggings as she exercises with (and stares adoringly at) ex Jason Walsh Getting her smile back: Billie Lourd is cheered up by beau Taylor Lautner as she puts on a leggy display during shopping trip Ready to mingle? Brad Pitt 'has been dating a bit' just six months after split with Angelina Jolie The actor 'has been dating' according report from People magazine. Something for Miley? Liam Hemsworth cuts a casual figure in jeans and Lumberjack shirt as runs errands in Los Angeles  'I didn't want to fail this child!': Katherine Heigl says she deliberated for nine months before naming son after husband Joshua Kelley Happy birthday sweetie! Katie Holmes unveils three cakes for daughter Suri's 11th birthday party... while Tom Cruise jets around Europe Out of this world! Gigi Hadid wears NASA cap with oversized sweats on casual solo outing in New York The 21-year-old covered up while on a solo outing Strike a pose! Ashley Graham flashes her cleavage and shapely legs in slinky LBD for New York photo shoot Showing all her best bits Doting dad! Ben Affleck steps out with son Samuel... after it's revealed Jennifer Garner 'waited to file for divorce until after his rehab stint' Bikini-clad Ola Jordan puts on another scintillating display as she poses for busty selfies during romantic break in the Maldives with husband James 'Nothing to see here!' Rachel Riley left red-faced after cheeky Countdown spelling incident... as viewers take to Twitter in amusement The 70s called... Tallia Storm flaunts  abs in tiny pink crop top and patterned flares...after revealing she's moved on from Brooklyn with mystery older man VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: 'You lazy cows are still in bed?' Abbey Clancy joins forces with her personal trainer brother to put the BNTM girls through their paces 'People don't want to know you!' BNTM's first transgender model Talulah-Eve poses in her underwear... as she reveals tension with Abbey Clancy Louvre it or leave it? Bella Hadid drowns her svelte physique in a baggy camouflage jumpsuit as she arrives in London by train from Paris 'The Internet is not nice!': Blake Lively reveals she stopped Googling herself because haters pushed her into 'full depression' Wearing her heart on her shirt! Jennifer Lopez declares she's 'blind for love' while out for dinner with Alex Rodriguez in Miami 'Claustrophobia rocks!' Josh Brolin begins pre-production for Deadpool 2 with face cast as Cable Stop the music! Prince's estate sues his long-time sound engineer over planned release of six unheard tracks from the late singer, citing 'theft and misappropriation of trade secrets' Standing up to an icon! Nicole Richie, 5ft1in, climbs on coffee table to match 6ft9in Magic Johnson's height backstage at The Ellen Show Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle NFL stars and Snoop Dog slammed by fans for their gushing tributes of convicted killer Aaron Hernandez - who hanged himself in prison Just peachy! Rose Byrne looks radiant in a vibrant orange frock and striped bustier as she waves at fans outside CBS Morning Show studios Revealed: Jennifer Garner 'didn't file for divorce from Ben Affleck until AFTER he got out of rehab' because she wanted to minimize his 'struggle' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama The Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family Star Wars actor John Boyega reveals he was stopped 'Every. Single. Time' when he flew to Los Angeles before he became famous Pregnant Chanelle Hayes debuts her bare baby bump in a stunning shoot... after revealing she's expecting a second boy  Glowing 'I was LIVING': Rita Ora flaunts her nipple pasties as she goes braless under semi-sheer bodysuit while dancing up a storm in VERY racy video EXCLUSIVE 'There is no way she's going to leave the country with a newborn': New mum Cheryl will NOT be making her post-baby return at Cannes Treating herself: Gemma Arterton keeps it casual yet chic as she hits the boutiques of Paris in a tweed jacket and skinny jeans 'I'm going to mention it in my Christmas card': Julia Roberts receives People's World's Most Beautiful accolade for a FIFTH time... beating pal George Clooney record Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price' Back to work! Benedict Cumberbatch slips into character as he shoots scenes on set of new drama A Child In Time... after celebrating Easter with his family 'I want to do it justice for survivors': Coronation Street star Lucy Fallon defends her grooming storyline... after it's revealed the character will be raped Gail Porter flashes a smile as she steps out in London... three months after revealing her bankruptcy woes The TV presenter, 46, was seen smiling  Turkish trolls tank the new Christian Bale film The Promise on IMDB with one-star reviews before it's release in an attempt to discredit Armenian genocide Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit the latest issue of Harper by Harper's BAZAAR Kate's show of support: Dressed-down Duchess of Cambridge hosts a reception for Heads Together Marathon runners at Kensington Palace 'It is horrible that people can do that': Elsa Pataky weighs in on celebrity photo hacking and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones Defiant Chloe Sims steps out in casual blue shirt for TOWIE filming amid explosive rivalry with Megan McKenna over her ex Pete Wicks Drama to one side 'Be with someone you'd want your daughter to be with': Jamie O'Hara takes a thinly veiled dig at Ferne McCann His cousin was a victim Boyfriend of TOWIE's Ferne McCann pictured living the high-life and swigging champagne just days before becoming a suspect in acid attack 'I was totally a fish out of water' The Hunger Games' Sam Claflin reveals he struggled to transition from life as a football player to starring in Hollywood 'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ Open and honest  'He brings joy into our lives!' Pregnant Bristol Palin posts throwback video of Down syndrome brother Trig in honor of his ninth birthday, while their mom posts a snap of him with a cupcake Nicki Minaj puts on a very buxom display as she romps with a shirtless model in teaser for her dark new video Regret In Your Tears Geordie Shore's Elettra Lamborghini leaves Chloe Ferry in tears as she gets STEAMY in the shower with Marty McKenna... with backlash from fans 'Hard work pays off!' MIC's Louise Thompson displays her gym-honed six-pack as she goes braless in a bandeau top  Body beautiful Hands-on mother! Elsa Pataky dotes on precious daughter India Rose at L'Oréal hair care launch Chris Hemsworth's wife was in Sydney 'Are you obsessed with dieting?' Loose Women cause a Twitter storm for probing fantastic looking Rosemary Conley, 70, about her weight Lottie Moss shows off her model figure in a skimpy snakeskin bikini as she pines for Coachella in throwback snap Pining for the sunshine 'I love him and I miss him': New dad Liam Payne speaks about fatherhood for the first time in Los Angeles as he admits his young son is 'doing good' 'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?' Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant She snaps back fast! New mum Irina Shayk reveals her post-baby body in sizzling bikini photo... less than a month after giving birth Must be Victoria's Secret Super WAG Coleen Rooney grabs a cup of coffee on the go as she runs early morning errands around Cheshire in paint splattered sweater Nick Knowles looks dapper as he leaves BBC studios ahead of his new presenting role in collaboration with the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge 'Always wants what she can't have!' Stephanie Davis lashes out at 'compulsive liar' Danielle Armstrong in support of TOWIE star Yazmin Oukhellou 'No one knows anything about us': Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before first fashion campaign The feud rages on! Matt Damon is kicked off a United Airlines flight by Jimmy Kimmel in new spoof Joking about the highly publicised incident Jaime King wears 'Refugees Welcome' T-shirt to shop with her two sons and nanny in Beverly Hills Opted to make a humanitarian statement 'Life is about to begin... literally!' Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her beautiful bump as she celebrates 30th birthday with fiancé Jason Statham, 49 'I don't MEAN to swear - it just slips out!' Gordon Ramsay insists his notorious penchant for bad language is not intentional... and that his mother tells him off for it Lara Stone displays her ample assets as she strips off for daring Love magazine topless shoot Tantalising tangerine stickers were used to cover her nipples 'Will my kids be OK?' Touching moment Prince William comforts heartbroken mother-of-three whose baby boy and husband died within five days of one another Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid  Chose a fitted dress 'My FAT driver is questioning my health': Outraged Size 22 model Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol Chloe Madeley flaunts her incredibly gym-honed frame in a skimpy red bikini... as she jokes about her holiday diet taking its toll Richard Simmons 'used disguises and a cane to go shopping at local mall' despite reports he hasn't left his Hollywood Hills home in three years Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser Lee Ryan erupts into a fit of giggles as Eamonn Holmes accidentally introduces him as a Blue Peter presenter in hilarious live TV gaffe Not that squeaky clean Fergie meets acting royalty: Duchess of York rubs shoulders with Kenneth Branagh at the star-studded launch of his wife's new book in London Make-up free Jessie Wallace keeps it casual in workout leggings and a baggy tee as she runs errands Worlds away from leopard print-loving Kat EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm a real woman and my weight fluctuates': Vicky Pattison works up sweat at boot camp as she hits back at claims she's 'ballooned to a size 16' Hailey Baldwin looks effortlessly stylish in mismatched lemon coat and denim shorts as she recovers from long weekend at Coachella in Beverly Hills Bella Hadid flashes her abs as she steps out in quirky blue corduroy tracksuit for afternoon jaunt in Paris The supermodel caught the eye of many Prince Harry insists he was just 'doing his bit' by revealing his mental health battles after his mother's death - and says Diana would be 'encouraged' to see it Tangerine dream! Chloe Goodman flaunts her ample assets in perilously plunging keyhole swimwear as she continues idyllic Maldives getaway 'I told Oprah Winfrey to shut the f**k up': Rose Byrne reveals she had words with media mogul on-set of new TV movie The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lack 'When you've had three hernias fixed': Professor Green undergoes FIVE hour operation for an incisional hernia Not a happy bunny 'The flu can be an amazing diet!' Grateful Kim Kardashian credits recent illness for helping her lose 6Ibs ahead of the annual Met Gala That worked out well 'I'll give it a good pull!' Emmerdale viewers are left shocked when Adam Barton makes VERY lewd suggestion on tea-time soap during visit to a sperm clinic Bikini-clad Imogen Thomas flaunts her enviable curves while taking a dip with her 'mini-me' daughter Ariana after Miami break Coldplay will go head to head with Adele after being named TWICE in the same category as they lead the nominations at the 2017 Ivor Novello Awards 'I've broke my back and my t**s!' Devastated Jemma Lucy concerns her fans as she is rushed to A&E after mystery accident leaves her in agony Those baby blues! Jessica Biel flaunts her svelte frame in chic jumper and figure-hugging pencil skirt for The Sinner photocall Oozed elegance  When 2 Become... 3! Spice Girls reunion is BACK ON now Mel B's 'unnerving' husband Stephen Belafonte is out of the picture Good news for GEM fans Pregnant Kimberly Wyatt cradles her bump as she displays her incredible athleticism during dance class... shortly after announcing she's expecting again EXCLUSIVE: 'My bump is my favourite part of my body!' MIC's Binky Felstead shows off her pregnancy shape in a bikini as she unveils swimwear collection Hot wheels! Heidi Klum keeps things casual in double denim as she nips around LA in flash classic convertible Ferrari after jetting home from Costa Rica 'It's funny it was so overly dramatised': Warren Beatty discusses his infamous Oscars ceremony blunder and deems all the fuss 'silly' 'No filter or editing necessary': Ashley James flaunts her pert derriere in VERY short denim cut-offs as she enjoys sun-drenched holiday in Mexico Start your engines! Lady Gaga passionately kisses Bradley Cooper on a motorcyle as they film racy scenes for A Star Is Born Things got steamy Katherine Heigl's husband Josh Kelley plants a loving kiss on her cheek as she returns to the spotlight... just four months after giving birth 'I was a really tragic 13-year-old': Kate Beckinsale shares cringy postcard from her childhood crush Rob Lowe 'proposing marriage' Deleted Broadchurch scene reveals what REALLY happened at the end of DCI Hardy's Tinder date (and it's good news for the grumpy detective)  Ed Sheeran confesses he is stuck with misspelled tattoo on his arm after actress Saoirse Ronan purposely wrote 'Galway GRILL' instead of 'GIRL' 'It's totally ridiculous': Peter Andre 'furious with ex-wife Katie Price after she claimed Princess, 9, and Junior, 11, love that they divorced' Horsing around! North West looks thrilled on merry-go-round during aunt Kourtney Kardashian's birthday celebrations at Disneyland 'I'm surrounded by people I like to be with': Victoria Beckham reveals she 'doesn't have a lot friends' due to her busy career... but never feels lonely Nina Dobrev cuts a low-key figure in a striped Tee and skinny jeans while stepping out in LA... amid rumours she is now dating Orlando Bloom Bake Off star Ruby Tandoh roasts 'self-serving' celebrity chefs who cash in on diet books by 'swinging from comfort food to superfood'  Someone eats their Leftovers! Justin Theroux shows off his muscular arms in vest after getting pumped at gym Pump it up!   Netty...but nice! Famous In Love star Bella Thorne rocks fishnet body suit with crop top and pants at promo event Showed off her many piercings I'm a frayed show! Hailey Baldwin and Kendall Jenner flash their pins in stressed denim as they lunch in Beverly Hills Back from Coachella Own best advert! Rihanna wears satin parka with high/low hem from her Puma collection to pop-up shop in LA Donned a satin parka  EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she spends every dollar on chemotherapy!'  Minnie Driver's bitter neighbour loses legal battle and finally knocks down wall dividing them 'We've already dated - and you dumped me by text!' First Dates viewers cheer on mother-of-two after she has to endure a VERY awkward reunion with ex What Feud? Catherine Zeta-Jones wows in cream three-piece suit with lacy low-cut top as she cuddles up to chic co-star Susan Sarandon at NYC screening 'He should write his own music!' Harry Styles looks in high spirits at New York Rangers game... as fans accuse him of 'ripping off' rock band's song 'We are worried about Rob': Kardashian sisters watch their brother's back while Blac Chyna threatens split in KUWTK sneak peek Kris Jenner's fake home used in Keeping Up With The Kardashians hits the market for $9 million  The 61-year-old momager is not moving house  Highlight of the night! Olympia Valance showcases her luscious blonde-streaked mane as she attends L'Oréal's Botanical hair-care range launch Olivia Munn is 'doing good and open to dating again' after split from Aaron Rodgers while athlete is 'picking up the pieces' Split after three years 'All the problems were down to drink and drugs': Stephanie Davis shares snap with son Caben... amid claims she 'wants to wed Jeremy McConnell' 'That was out of the Blue!?' Lee Ryan wins praise for EastEnders debut as 'Woody' Woodward... yet some viewers are baffled by 'random' introduction Frilly in florals! Rose Byrne strikes an elegant pose on the red carpet for premiere of Immortal Life Of Henrietta Lacks Among the cavalcade of stars Fulfilling her Promise! Angela Sarafyan steals show at film's NYC screening in glittering sheer gown Best known for her turns as a robotic prostitute 'Like looking in the mirror': Blake Shelton goes platinum blonde with wig to tease Adam Levine on The Voice Superstar shocked viewers of The Voice US Diva mommy! Mariah Carey flashes cleavage in figure-hugging ensemble as she takes twins Monroe and Moroccan toy shopping Family time Daddy's little girl! Chris Hemsworth makes hearts melt as he lavishes attention on sweet daughter India Rose during a day at the playground Megan McKenna tries to make amends with Pete Wicks with an emotional phone call on TOWIE... following THAT explosive row in the street SPOILER ALERT: 'The littlest thing would spark an argument': Nathan Massey reappears on TOWIE as he confirms it's 'over' with Cara De La Hoyde    'The shock never leaves you': Prince William speaks of the moment he was told his mother had died in emotional conversation with bereaved widow Mel B sports heart-shaped pink specs as she removes laptop and heaps of files from lawyer's office in midst of messy Stephen Belafonte divorce Caitlyn Jenner steps out after daughter Kendall revealed her 'heart dropped' when she first saw her dad as a woman Brave face Birthday babe Kourtney Kardashian celebrates her 38th at Disneyland with ex Scott Disick, their kids and North West... hours after sharing nude snap 'After the last guy... deffo girls!' Bisexual Marnie Simpson reveals doomed romance with love rat ex Lewis Bloor has swayed her towards dating women  'Shopping in my daughter's closet!' Yolanda Hadid twins with Gigi as she borrows her color block Versace jacket for day out In her modeling footsteps Barry Manilow makes first concert appearance since publicly coming out and revealing marriage to manager Garry Kief Took to the stage 'Don't f***ing talk to us!': Alison Brie and Aubrey Plaza are bad nuns in hilarious trailer for The Little Hours Put on a hysterical performance 'I am still processing': Shannon Purser of Stranger Things comes out as bisexual in emotional Twitter post Came out to family and friends Golden girl! Rosario Dawson shows off her toned legs in split gown at Unforgettable premiere She plays new trophy wife Unforgettable An Unforgettable sight! Joanna Krupa steals attention from the stars in sheer black dress at Hollywood premiere She is getting ready to hit the small screen Bunny breakdown! Lisa Rinna cries and walks off after Kim Richards returns gift on RHOBH reunion The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Reunion  Deliverance! Previously unheard Prince track is released ahead of one-year anniversary of his death... with MORE music to come Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Big business pushes coal-friendly Kentucky to embrace renewables Business Jennifer Ludden · NPR · Apr 17, 2017 Kevin Butt, Toyota's regional environmental sustainability director, at a facility that uses methane to generate clean electricity to help run Toyota's auto plant in central Kentucky. NPR Listen Story audio 5min 47sec Kevin Butt's job is to find cleaner ways to power Toyota. One of the hardest places to do that is at the automaker's sprawling plant in central Kentucky, a state where nearly 90 percent of energy still comes from coal. Butt points out a new engine assembly line, where a conveyor belt moves in a slow circle. He says it was specially designed with a more efficient motor. There are also enormous fans overhead and LED lights, all changes that save millions. "I mean, what company doesn't want to reduce their energy bill," he says. That's the business case for going green. And in a lot of places around the country, solar and wind are now the cheapest energy option. But a few years ago, Toyota decided that by 2050 all of its operations, all around the world, should be zero-carbon. It's part of a larger business shift. In Kentucky, General Motors, Ford, Walmart, L'Oreal and others also have big goals to reduce emissions. Even the state's beloved bourbon makers are starting to look at renewables. "There's not enough renewable energy being manufactured right now for all of us to do what we say we want to do," Butt says. That's true globally, he says, and it's especially true in Kentucky, where people like to say coal isn't just the economy, it's the culture. "We're a coal state, we're proud to be a coal state, we're sentimental about our attachment to coal," says Charles Snavely, secretary of Kentucky's Energy and Environment Cabinet. Before this job, Snavely spent 35 years in the coal industry. His office is now working with companies — he calls them customers — to help develop renewable energy. But Snavely says he struggles with whether "the growth of renewables [comes] at the expense of coal. Is it a bigger pie, or is someone taking a slice of our pie?" Kentucky, unlike many other states, has no mandate to require a certain share of renewable energy. The state joined two dozen others in a lawsuit challenging President Barack Obama's signature climate policy, the Clean Power Plan, which would have shuttered hundreds of coal-fired power plants. Snavely says coal built his state's economy, creating some of the cheapest power in the country. "We have industries in Kentucky that would not be here if we didn't have such low electricity rates," he says. President Trump's order to start dismantling the climate regulation was a victory for Kentucky. And yet, it may not do much to stop the steady decline of coal. "The future is renewables and the large corporations that want renewables," says Jim Gardner, who used to regulate power companies as a member of Kentucky's Public Service Commission. Two years ago, Gardner was struck by an encounter with a local man who worked remotely for Facebook. He told Gardner that big corporations were actually deciding where to expand based on where they could get renewable energy. "He made it seem like there was literally a list with a lot of states with big X's marked in," says Gardner, "so that Facebook and others were not looking because [some states] were not going to be open to renewables." The Public Service Commission worried the state was missing out. It quietly issued an official statement — "a clear signal to people outside of the state," says Gardner — that if a big customer wanted renewable energy, Kentucky's utilities could cut a special deal to provide it. That gave utilities permission to offer renewable energy. But they still face challenges to produce it. The state's cheap coal makes it harder for renewables to compete, and to see a return on investment. What's more, Kenya Stump, of the Energy and Environment Cabinet, says Kentucky has only moderate potential for solar power, and not much at all for wind. She says hydro power holds the most promise. Stump is working with companies that want to develop renewable power, but she doesn't foresee a major spike anytime soon. "Right now renewables are starting to compete on costs, but not reliability," she says. But she adds that once battery technology develops and solar or wind power can be stored, "all bets are off." Kentucky's utilities are also highly regulated. An energy activist says he's been heartened by a shift in the state's attitude, but thinks officials could do a lot more to encourage renewables. "The sun in Kentucky is as strong as it is in North Carolina and Ohio and New York, where the solar industry is employing tens of thousands of people," says Andy McDonald of the Kentucky Solar Energy Society. "Kentucky is not limited by our resources; it's limited by our policies." None of those challenges is stopping a slow transition. "This tract is about 60 acres," says David Crews, standing in a freshly mowed field where East Kentucky Power Cooperative is about to install 32,000 solar panels. It will be one of the state's first utility-scale solar farms, and it's there by popular demand — from businesses. Crews says some companies don't mind paying a bit more to meet their sustainability goals. East Kentucky Power has no plans to build another coal plant. Crews says just because the new president doesn't want to limit carbon emissions, doesn't mean the next one won't. "The seesawing of regulations when we're trying to make a 50-year investment, it will drive you crazy," he says. "And that wouldn't be good for our customer base." The utility is marketing its new solar farm, and if demand is strong enough Crews says it will add more panels. At Toyota's plant in central Kentucky, Kevin Butt envisions installing solar panels on the roof. The company is also researching fuel cell technology, seeking the breakthrough that could help it eliminate carbon emissions. But for now, he's getting creative about finding renewable energy where he can. He drives me down a rutted dirt road, through towering brown hills. It's a landfill, and here and there, things stick up. "The black tube coming out," he says pointing, "it's a methane capture well." The methane is released as the trash rots. When it goes into the air, methane is a dirty greenhouse gas, but last year Toyota set up a generator here to turn it into clean electricity. The power is sent through an underground line, straight to the Toyota plant 6 miles away, bypassing the local utility altogether. "They either have to put it in their system," Butt says, "or people will be looking at alternate ways to get that energy in a renewable form." Copyright 2017 NPR. Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous What do you know about taxes? 5 hours ago Next Glacier melt rerouted in rare case of 'river piracy' 4 hours ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
              Home E-edition Archives Advertise News Stands Public Records Obituaries Opinion Religion Education Government Events Sports Agriculture Health Business Margaret “Peggy” Ann Johnson Apr 18th, 2017 | By South Platte Sentinel | Category: Obituaries Margaret “Peggy” Ann Johnson Margaret “Peggy” Ann Johnson, 73, of Sterling passed away Wednesday, April 12, 2017 in Sterling. A Memorial service will be held at 10:00 a.m. Saturday, April 22, 2017 at Tennant Funeral Home. Peggy was born on Oct. 16, 1943 in Denver, CO to Glen William and Mary Frances (Hradecky) Clodfelder. She graduated from Lonestar High School and attended Northeastern Junior College. She was a nurses aid at the Haxtun Hospital from 1982-1986, a waitress and cook at Mainstreet Café in Haxtun from 1986-1991, and at Wal-Mart from 1991-2000. She was married to Joe McCallum from 1964-1988 and then later to Jack Johnson from 1991-2006. She enjoyed gardening, sewing, and knitting. Peggy is survived by son David McCallum and wife Jolene of Haxtun and Daniel McCallum of Sterling; daughter Deanna Lacina of Sterling; grandchildren Justin Lacina and Anthony Lacina of Sterling, Julie Thayer of Haxtun, Billy Andersen of Holyoke, T.J. Andersen of Northglenn, Michael Deselms of Yuma, Ryan Hynson of New Raymer, Danielle Hynson of Denver; stepsons Tom Johnson and Kenny Johnson both of Sterling; stepdaughter Dawn Graton of Otis; several great-grandchildren. She was preceded in death by her parents Glen and Mary; husband Jack Johnson; brother Martin Clodfelder; sister Mary Wiebers. Memorials may be made to the Margaret “Peggy” Johnson Memorial Fund in care of Tennant Funeral Home, PO Box 1547, Sterling, CO 80751. Related Articles Peggy Ann Bogie Veronica “Ronnie” Hoal Irene Dreitz Ione Lenora Cucarola Willis Lyle Andis Sovrn Leave a Comment Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Recent Articles Gary Lew Castor Royce Wayne Jennings Tiger teams place first, third at Max Marr Spartan Invite Tigers girls soccer shuts out Valley Promotion of two officers acknowledged Local News Letters to the Editor Logan County Sheriff’s Recent Comments Marci Ekberg Dreiling on Betty Lou Scheuerman XRumerTest on The best of blessings, and the curse XRumerTest on Habitat helps cause lower pheasant population XRumerTest on Sterling boys defeat Platte Valley Broncos XRumerTest on Stapleton speaks out against Amendment 69 Stay informed Entries RSS Comments RSS Weather courtesy of KCI Sterling Municipal Airport, CO Last Updated on Apr 19 2017, 11:50 pm MDT Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 41°F Wind: NW at 3mph Humidity: 76% Dewpoint: 33.8°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance Local Links Logan County City of Sterling Logan County Economic Development Logan County Chamber of Commerce Logan County Fair & Rodeo Sterling Journal-Advocate Advertise With Us! South Platte Sentinel 504 N. 3rd St. 80751, Sterling 970-526-9297 © 2017 South Platte Sentinel | Designed by aSunder Limit | Hosted by KCI Communications Go to Top
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Entertainment This Week's Batman Holds The Next Big Clue About DC's Rebirth And The Watchmen Overwatch, But Also With Cats Final Fantasy 7's Cast, Revised The Guardians Of The Galaxy Game, Based On The Guardians Of The Galaxy Comic, Is Getting Its Own Guardians Of The Galaxy Comic Esports Tekken 7 Competitor Trash Talks His Way To Tournament Victory Fighting Game Pro Has A Habit Of Taking Off His Shirt And Losing Esports Will Become A Medal Event At The 2022 Asian Games Car Crash Pile-Up Knocks Forza Racer Out Of Invitational Xbox Shaolin Shuffle Is Infinity Ward's Best Call Of Duty Zombies Map Yet Microsoft Thinks An Awesome PC Gaming Feature Is Coming To TVs When Old Call Of Duty Comes To Xbox One, Malicious Hacks Come With It Watching GTA 5 Firefighters Try To Put Out Fires Is The Gift That Keeps On Giving PlayStation The Music Of Horizon Zero Dawn: Building A World Of Beautiful Nature, Tribal Life, And Robots A Spoiler-Packed Chat About Horizon Zero Dawn's Excellent Story Horizon Zero Dawn's Best Armour Makes The Game Even More Fun Horizon Zero Dawn Uses All Sorts Of Clever Tricks To Look So Good Nintendo The 30 Games I'd Most Like To See On SNES Classic Mario Kart 8 Switch Makes Battle Mode So Much Better Looks Like Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Gets Rid Of Controversial 'Fire-Hopping' Technique Lego City Undercover Runs Almost As Well On Switch As On PS4 PC Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) Thank Goodness They're Still Making FMV Games In 2017 Ultimate Epic Battle Simulator Is An Amazing Time-Waster Why In The World People Love Carmen Sandiego Mobile We Rate Dogs' Mobile Game Is H*ckin' Bad You Can Get Grim Fandango On Your Phone For Bugger All Everyone Is Apparently Playing A Game Called 'Ballz' Here's What The Next Professor Layton Looks Like In Real Life A Japanese Snack Food Commercial For Metal Gear Solid Fans Blade Runner Pistol Is Being Turned Into A Water Gun How Would You Improve Mario Kart? Amazon Confirms It's Coming To Australia Retro ScribbleTaku 24 Years Later, The Sonic The Hedgehog Cartoon Is Still Charming The Disney Afternoon Collection's Rewind Button Makes A Big Difference The 'Fairy Trick' Wind Waker HD Shows The Brutal Role RNG Can Play In Speedrunning Toggle navigation Entertainment Esports Xbox PlayStation Nintendo PC Mobile In Real Life Retro Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) The Music Of Horizon Zero Dawn: Building A World Of Beautiful Nature, Tribal Life, And Robots A Spoiler-Packed Chat About Horizon Zero Dawn's Excellent Story The 30 Games I'd Most Like To See On SNES Classic Snacking Near Your Keyboard: A Guide To What (Not) To Do Cecilia D'Anastasio and Mike Fahey Apr 19, 2017, 1:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  feature hardware keyboard mechanical keyboards Share No keyboards were harmed in the shooting of this photo The other day, our intrepid snack and gaming hardware reporter Mike Fahey picked up KFC for lunch. He brought it home and returned to his office, where, at the most recent count, he keeps 11 mechanical keyboards. Collecting them is his new hobby. And he's taking it very seriously. He refused to eat anything anywhere near his precious keyboard menagerie. He compared it to "storing newborn babies under the booths of Dennys." I, Cecilia, told him that's not relatable. "99% of gamers are more likely to keep a box of Cheez-Its by their computers than a bag of moist towelettes," I responded. As someone who once received a Geek Squad PC diagnostic report calling my keyboard "malodorous," I am a firm believer in snacking while PC gaming. Sure, I have some regrets. But my desk would feel naked without at least one type of snack or drink on it. Anyway, what am I supposed to do between Overwatch matches? Fahey and I disagree about whether it is a cardinal sin to snack near your gaming rig. So we have some pretty, um, conflicting advice on how to do it. Our tips on snacking while PC gaming below: How To Spare Your Keyboard, Which Should Be Nowhere Near Your Snacks, by Mike Fahey This is a $US150 ($198) keyboard with $US180 ($238) key caps. It could use some melted chocolate. I am the Snacktaku guy, but I am also the Keytaku guy, and while those two guys don't always see eye to eye, perhaps they can come together to teach Kotaku's resident anime expert a thing or two about safe snacking. Don't eat anywhere near your keyboard The easiest way to avoid gunking up your expensive mechanical keyboard with crumbs and drinks and various accumulations of questionable biomatter is to excuse yourself, get up from your chair and wander into another room. The living room is nice. Maybe step outside and have yourself a Hot Pocket. Oh, or the bathroom. I know some folks shy away from bathroom eating, but it always seemed so efficient to me, like opening Christmas presents at the trash dump. Maybe that's a bad analogy. Another good option, don't leave enough room for food. Eat near your desk, but not at your desk Fine, you are hungry, and you can't step away from World of Warcraft long enough to eat in an area specifically designed for such things. You don't have to be hunched over your keyboard, crumbling potato chips into your maw while exploring Dire Maw. Look to your left. Or maybe your right. If you have space on either side of you, put the food there. Maybe get a tray table from Walmart for $US10 ($13) or something. Or just build a tower of snacks, turning away from your game now and again to sink your face into it. The key to clean keyboard eating is keeping the food away from the keyboard. Keep wipes handy. Air is all around us. Assign yourself a snacky cup You really can't just turn to the side? OK fine. Let's minimise the damage then. It's not really the eating over the keyboard that does most of the harm, but the oil and crumbs on your fingertips that do the most damage. Greasy fingers can rub the legends right off of cheaper keycaps, and those tiny crumbs you don't see might not feel like much, but together in the nooks and crannies of your lovely mechanical marvel they can cause a real problem. So do this. Go into the kitchen, get a big plastic cup and fill it with chips. Or Cheetos. Or pizza rolls. Or cake frosting. Look, I don't know what you eat at your keyboard. I just know that if it goes from cup to mouth, your fingers won't hurt the keyboard that's showing them so much love. Buy a cheap-arse keyboard for when you can't help yourself Why do I own so many different mechanical keyboards? Part of it is a healthy obsession. Totally healthy. Such a great obsession you guys. But really, I want to experience all the mechanical keyboard market has to offer, from mass-produced boards with big names to do-it-yourself kits. I want to know the feel of all the switches, from Cherry MX to Topre to buckling spring. I have different keyboards for different moods. No reason I shouldn't have one more for when I want to slobber KFC all over my desk. I can buy a keyboard for under $US10 ($13) on Amazon and have it here by tomorrow. It probably won't have fancy N-key rollover or dedicated gaming macro keys. The response times won't be nearly as fast, but let's face it, if you're not focused on the game enough to forego eating until it's done, then you probably don't need to worry about the finer details. Just plug in your shit keyboard and dribble some of that Szechaun nugget sauce all over it, Morty. Seriously though, don't eat near your keyboard. You want to eat and game? Go sit on the couch and clog up your Xbox One controller with chip grease. There's nothing more exciting than picking up a preowned game controller and then spending a half hour digging brown and yellow stuff out of the seams with a paper clip. Much more entertaining than being curled up under your computer desk and crying while cradling a broken $US200 ($265) keyboard. Wait a Minute. How To Snack While Also Playing Video Games And Feel Good About It, by Cecilia D'Anastasio I was legitimately shocked to learn that a lot of people — especially at Kotaku — are offended by the idea of snacking by a computer, which says a lot about the kind of people I hang with. Probably, the naysayers are picturing this: Or, at worst, this: Dear readers, it is nothing of the sort. Even I am disgusted a little by this extremely staged and unrealistic snacking experience. I now understand that some people whisper little keyboard prayers each time the word "dinner" is evoked near a computer. You're different from me and that's ok. It's possible that you spent a lot of money on your keyboard (or eleven keyboards) and its well-being makes you nervous. I will justify my controversial habits by noting that gaming is for fun. As a rule, it's good to be a chill gamer. Snacks are fun, too, and enhance gaming experiences by keeping you fuelled and happy. As long as you insert them directly into your mouth, you should be ok. I promise. You don't need to be stressed out by your free time activity. Eat a cookie. Drink a beer. Let me walk you through acceptable snacking while PC gaming etiquette. Pick the right snacks The best strategy is buying snacks you can grab a quick handful of between matches. The snack must not leave residue. It must be structurally sound, dry and not very crumbly. Grease is unacceptable. Cheez-Its, pretzels, popcorn, grapes, coated candies (i.e. Skittles), select cookies, trail mix, jerky or dried fruit are all great options. Unless you're a bad eater, they won't crumb on your keyboard. Dropping one is not the end of the world. And, with your hands, there's less risk of doing so. For snack inspiration, go to a local LAN cafe. Their owners have a vested interest in maintaining their PCs while selling patrons snacks. One I frequent offers M&Ms, Cheez-Its, Swedish Fish, Hot Pockets and things along those lines. Shun the wrong snacks Food you eat with a utensils, like leftover Chinese, is risky. On the off chance it drops on your keyboard, you're in trouble. Food with any sort of flavour dusting, like Cheetos or Doritos or flavoured chips, are not a good idea. That stuff accumulates in between and under your keys — especially if your keyboard is mechanical. You would have to get up and wash your hands after each handful to pull that off, or keep hand wipes by your computer, which smell weird and might make your fingers slippery. Snack placement The worst thing about the above pictures is not actually my choice or quantity of snacks, but the location of the Cheez-It box. It is on top of my mouse. This, friends, is a PC snacking sin. If you are right-handed, this is where you put your snacks: Snacks must be accessible for quick bites but far enough away from your mouse that they will not compromise your gaming abilities. Also, pick one snack, not many. I accept your complaint that sweet and savoury snacks are better when alternated, but place them far from your gaming appendages. The disaster situation is your mouse crashing into a bag of Doritos on its way to snipe an enemy. Keyboard maintenance The pictured keyboard at my desk is a Corsair mechanical keyboard. It is very nice. Also, it keeps my housemates awake. I live in New York and the walls are thin and I just cannot subject other humans who help me pay rent to my very bad Overwatch habits. I do not use that keyboard anymore. This is my normal setup: With the crappy keyboard, I'll wipe it down every once in a while or, maybe, spray canned air into it upside-down. But let's talk about the mechanical keyboard maintenance, because probably, that's what you're here for. Because mechanical keyboards are very expensive, it's important to take good care of them. Snack build-up makes the key inputs slower. You know that. Also, it's gross and could attract pests. Worst-case scenario: You turn your keyboard upside-down and a heavy storm of crumbs comes tumbling out. The issue is that you're a messy eater. Not that you chose to eat there. So, to get rid of inevitable dust on top of the keyboard, use a small brush or a can of compressed air. To clean its guts, turn the keyboard over and use that compressed air again onto a table. If you have a small, handheld vacuum with a brush extension, you could run that along the top. Finish with a disinfectant wipe. Let it dry. I'm not going to tell you to take out all your keys, wash and dry them and put them back. I won't tell you to kiss each input or sing them lullabies before bed. If that's a fun thing for you, go ahead and do it. If it's not, allow me to remind you that games are for fun. Readers, you've seen our advice. Choose wisely about which tips to follow. And let us know where you stand in this debate. WATCH MORE: PC Gaming News Comments MushaConvoy @mushaconvoy Apr 19, 2017, 1:23pm Cecilia, you are my hero. Not only are you brave enough to have ghost pepper crisps (which I wholeheartedly approve! not just the flavour, the spice, but also the metabolism boost such chilli gives is crucial to twitch reflexes......) but you're also brave enough to share pictures with your urine jar nearby too, for even more gaming efficiency... though should really provide a warning about g̶o̶i̶n̶g̶ ̶t̶o̶ ̶t̶h̶e̶ ̶b̶a̶t̶h̶r̶o̶o̶m̶ touching yourself after handling ghost pepper of any kind............ Last edited April 19, 2017 1:29 pm Reply 0 snoweee @snoweee Apr 19, 2017, 1:29pm I'm looking at those chips as well. Can anyone point me in the right direction to get some? Reply 0 MushaConvoy @mushaconvoy Apr 19, 2017, 2:27pm I can't speak for this particular one, but Blair's do a particularly tasty Jolokia and Habanero kettle chip, not sure where you'd find any locally but there is always www.deathsauce.com.au Reply 0 snoweee @snoweee Apr 19, 2017, 1:34pm I've never had keyboard envy before. There's no way I could ever afford that kind of moolah, though. Anyone have any tips on getting a fun looking keyboard without breaking the bank? FWIW: tryingto avoid black, and don't really LEDs, would prefer more of a retro look. Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 19, 2017, 5:50pm If you're talking about the keyboard frame itself, there aren't that many non-black ones out there (at least stock). The Corsair K60 is pretty minimalist with a brushed metal frame, but if you want a retro look then you'll almost certainly want either an IBM Model M (which is getting harder to find these days) or something using essentially the same mould like the Unicomp classic boards. If you're just interested in the keys then get any mechanical keyboard and then buy a custom set of keycaps that matches the switch type. Reply 0 Zombie Jesus @zombiejesus Apr 20, 2017, 9:32am @wisehacker I got a notification you replied but no post. Did you get trapped in moderation? Reply 0 WiseHacker @wisehacker Apr 20, 2017, 10:03am Yeap. Edited a spelling mistake. I was basically thanking you for the link giving my view on the current Mac Keyboard. Reply 1 cubivore @cubivore Apr 19, 2017, 4:37pm What, no mention of red wine? Reply 0 steelpanther @steelpanther Apr 19, 2017, 8:06pm You're not a true gamer if you haven't at least once spilled a drink all over the keyboard! Reply 0 samsam @samsam Apr 19, 2017, 10:44pm I spilled an entire coffee over my tower... the smoke got out of my video card and I was sad. :( Reply 0 Join the discussion! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Join the discussion! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now The 30 Games I'd Most Like To See On SNES Classic Chris Kohler 20 Apr 2017 12:00 PM All images courtesy VG Museum Considering Nintendo's bizarre decision-making process, it's nice to hear that the company may be doing the correct and obvious thing and releasing a SNES Classic this holiday season. Here are the games I'd put on it if I were in charge. How Do You Feel About The Nintendo Switch Now? Alex Walker 19 Apr 2017 11:15 AM The Switch has been out for around six weeks now, so it's a good time to ask. if you picked one up, or were thinking about grabbing one, how have you found it? Want Kotaku's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Navigate The Right Way With This Smart Phone Car Mount Deals: Learn How To Build Android Apps For Whatever Price You Want Deals: Master Raspberry Pi With This Hands-On Training Bundle Read Deals: The Dash Cam Deal You've Been Looking For Trending Articles 1 The 30 Games I'd Most Like To See On SNES Classic 2 How Do You Feel About The Nintendo Switch Now? 3 Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) More Evidence That Aliens Aren't Trying To Communicate With Us The Sea Turtle That Ate 915 Coins Did Not Die In Vain HBO Is Making A Fahrenheit 451 Movie Starring Michael B. Jordan And Michael Shannon What Would Life On Saturn's Moon Enceladus Look Like? A Japanese Snack Food Commercial For Metal Gear Solid Fans Shaolin Shuffle Is Infinity Ward's Best Call Of Duty Zombies Map Yet Blade Runner Pistol Is Being Turned Into A Water Gun Modder Makes $4000 A Month Adding A Lot Of Sex To The Sims 4 (NSFW) Why Understanding Food Serving Sizes Is Important For Weight Loss The Differences Between Pull-Ups And Chin-Ups Here's Some Data On What Everyone Earns, According To The ATO I'm Jason Fried, CEO Of Basecamp, And This Is How I Work AUSTRALIAN STOCKS NUDGE HIGHER: Here's what you need to know MACQUARIE: The iron ore price drop isn't over yet SURVEY: 82% of investors think more firms will set up in Europe because of Brexit The Conservatives look unbeatable right now in the British election race © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Kotaku International × Log in to Kotaku Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Kotaku User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Kotaku International Kotaku US Kotaku UK Close
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 71° F Overcast Hi: 86° F Lo: 68° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines EU says China, Europe have interest in averting Korea crisis Updated: 5 mins ago BEIJING (AP) — EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini expressed concern Thursday about rising tensions over North Korea’s nuclear weapon… Young Syrian, fighting for home, joined Islamic State group Updated: 5 mins ago GAZIANTEP, Turkey (AP) — He was barely 20 when Islamic State group militants stormed his home city of Deir el-Zour in oil-rich eastern Syria… Thai police: Attacks kill 2 suspected insurgents in south 12:26 am Watchdog says Yemen rebel land mines killed, maimed hundreds 12:36 am Hundreds sign up to speak on Texas’ new ‘bathroom bill’ April 19, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 71° F Overcast Feels Like: 71° F Wind: 6 Humidity: 84% Dewpoint: 66° F Sunrise: 6:59 AM Sunset: 8:01 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Austin Events Calendar KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Quick Draw with David Cook April 19, 2017 Joe Barlow and artist David Cook compete in a draw off! The Latest and Greatest from the World of Music April 19, 2017 Patrick Floyd stopped by to give us the latest in music! A Fun Event for Kids and Adults April 19, 2017 A New Look for a Wonderful Woman April 19, 2017 Joe Learns How To Be A Latin Lover April 19, 2017 Search for: Search the site 71° F Overcast Hi: 86° F Lo: 68° F All-clear given at south Austin Walmart after bomb threat By Andy Jechow Published: April 18, 2017, 9:39 pm Updated: April 19, 2017, 5:23 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Walmart at Ben White Blvd. and Interstate 35 evacuated after report of suspicious package. (KXAN Photo) AUSTIN (KXAN) — A south Austin Walmart was evacuated after a bomb threat was reported Tuesday night. A suspicious package found inside the building was determined not to be an explosive and posed no risk to the public, according to police. Officers were called to the store, located at 710 E. Ben White Blvd., at 8:20 p.m. APD’s Explosive Ordinance Division team responded to the threat. Police say someone called in the bomb threat to the Walmart. Officers did not say if they have a suspect in the incident. At around 10:15 p.m., police said they are starting to let employees back into the store. The parking lot of the Walmart at I-35 and Ben White cleared after a bomb threat. April 18, 2017 (KXAN Photo) Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Austin mom accused of leaving kids in hot car as she shoplifted, got nails done Man accused of killing Austin defense attorney at his home Germany: Pregame blasts rock soccer team bus; player injured Scene cleared after Travis County Sheriff’s investigate suspicious package in North Austin Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories South Austin neighbors seeing a wave of car break-ins Homeless, low income families get low rent at new affordable housing unit Future of proposed $23 million Lakeway police station up to voters Photo Galleries PHOTOS: San Marcos streets, cars underwater PHOTOS: U.S. missile attacks on Syria’s air bases PHOTOS: Severe storms move through Central Texas PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole That time Lady Gaga rocked Halftime PHOTOS: Taste of the NFL – Party with a Purpose PHOTOS: Players committing to colleges for National Signing Day PHOTOS: Behind the scenes of 2017 Super Bowl PHOTOS: Glorious sunsets sweeping across the Austin-area sky Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
How you can help food pantries get through the 'spring food gap' - WAOW - Newsline 9, Wausau News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Lifestyle Obituaries NewsTeam WAOW Jobs Advertise With Us Contact WAOW Advertiser Services NEWS Northwoods WAKE UP OUTDOORS Central Wisconsin News State Politics Crimestoppers Crime Files Water Cooler International WEATHER Interactive Futurecast StormTrack9 Weather App School closings, delays & cancellations Weather Blog SPORTS Brewers On Wisconsin! Scoreboard Pack Attack Packers WIAA THINGS TO DO Community Calendar Share photos & videos Gas Buddy Jefferson Awards VIDEO WAOW.com LIVE ABC Video Player WHAT'S ON ABC Video Player Discover Wisconsin CW How you can help food pantries get through the 'spring food gap' Posted: Tuesday, April 18, 2017 10:20 PM EDT (WISN) -- Around this time every year, local food pantries see their inventory plummet. They even have a name for it: the "spring food gap." It's a time of the year when donations are sorely needed. "When I think about hunger, I really think of it as a sense of hopelessness,” said Scott Marshall with Feeding America Eastern Wisconsin. "You know you hit January, February, and March you see the shelves deplete, deplete, deplete." Marshall said that one in four citizens in Milwaukee is living in hunger, and half of those are children. One of the biggest corporations in the world is stepping in to help. "The food banks tend to run dry during the spring time and it’s just a great way to get those food banks restocked," said Joshua Moon, store manager at the Walmart in Brown Deer. The "Fight Hunger, Spark Change" campaign is underway at every Walmart nationwide. "Every time you purchase one of their products (Campbell, Kraft, Pepsi, Heinz, and General Mills) they will make a donation that will lead to meals that will feed hungry people right here in Wisconsin," said Marshall. You can donate at the register or when you shop online. Also, make sure you use the hashtag #FightHunger on social media to help make a difference. “We started off with a $1.5 million donation to the food bank through social media,” said Moon. “We want to raise that to a $3 million total donation,” The fight hunger spark change campaign runs through May 15 at every Walmart store nationwide. Most Watched VideosMost Watched VideosMore>> Hundreds of muskies released into Lake Wausau Hundreds of muskies released into Lake Wausau Plover toddler to get life-saving lung transplant Plover toddler to get life-saving lung transplant Investigators fear worst for missing Plover woman Investigators fear worst for missing Plover woman It's been a month since 44-year-old Krista Sypher, a mother of two from Plover, disappeared. More >> It's been a month since 44-year-old Krista Sypher, a mother of two from Plover, disappeared.More >> Evening weather update April 19 Evening weather update April 19 Rain tonight and Thursday; T-storms with heavy rain, hail, and gusty winds possible. More >> Rain tonight and Thursday; T-storms with heavy rain, hail, and gusty winds possible.More >> Central Wisconsin farmer calling it quits amidst dairy decline Central Wisconsin farmer calling it quits amidst dairy decline $5.7 million of meth distributed in central Wisconsin, 19 people charged $5.7 million of meth distributed in central Wisconsin, 19 people charged A three year investigation by local, state and federal law enforcement resulted in 19 people pleading guilty to conspiring to distribute $5.7 million of methamphetamine, according to a release from the Department of Justice. More >> A three year investigation by local, state and federal law enforcement resulted in 19 people pleading guilty to conspiring to distribute $5.7 million of methamphetamine, according to a release from the Department of Justice.More >> President Trump to visit Kenosha on Tuesday President Trump to visit Kenosha on Tuesday Stevens Point man wins pizza competition, heads to finals Stevens Point man wins pizza competition, heads to finals ARCHIVES: Aaron Hernandez arrested in 2013 ARCHIVES: Aaron Hernandez arrested in 2013 CNN UPDATE: Norovirus to blame for getting dozens sick at Weston Jimmy John's UPDATE: Norovirus to blame for getting dozens sick at Weston Jimmy John's    Can't Find Something? WAOW 1908 Grand Avenue, Wausau, WI 54403 News Tips: news@waow.com or 715-842-9293 Careers Advertise with us Advertiser Services FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Contact All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WAOW Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy,, Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 50 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER APRIL 20, 2017 APRIL 20, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News APR 20, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 50 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Pickup rams three patrol cars in rush-hour chase through Farmington By LUKE RAMSETH | The Salt Lake Tribune First Published Apr 18 2017 08:06PM    •    Last Updated Apr 18 2017 08:31 pm Law enforcement » No one was injured in incident. Share This Article Police say a driver rammed three patrol cars Tuesday afternoon as he led them on a chase from Centerville to Farmington amid rush-hour traffic. Centerville Police Department officers eventually arrested a 22-year-old suspect about 5 p.m. — but not before he slammed a Farmington Police Department vehicle head-on and evaded a police blockade, a sergeant said. Nobody was injured in the incident, police say, though the suspect was taken to the hospital as a precaution. Centerville Sgt. Zan Robison said officers responded to a call just after 3:30 p.m. about someone trying to forge a check at the Cyprus Credit Union in the Centerville Wal-Mart, 221 W. Parish Lane. The man fled the scene before police arrived. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Thirty minutes later, a Centerville detective saw the suspect's pickup truck driving near an Interstate 15 on-ramp. The detective tried to stop the truck, Robison said, but the vehicle took off, driving north along the I-15 emergency lane because the freeway was congested. Officers opted not to pursue the man along the emergency lane, Robison said. Police again saw the pickup — which they later determined was stolen — parked in Farmington, near 200 North and 300 East. The truck again sped away, Robison said, before turning down a dead-end street near Lagoon. Patrol cars tried to box the pickup in, to no avail. "The suspect turned around and accelerated quickly, hit a marked unit at a good rate of speed, causing damage to both vehicles," Robison said. The pickup struck the patrol car hard enough to move it out of the way, Robison said. Minutes later, the pickup evaded a police car trying to block Park Lane in Farmington. Finally, Robison said, officers boxed the vehicle in on Shepard Creek Parkway in Farmington. The driver again tried to get enough momentum to slam two patrol SUVs out of the way, Robison said, but he was unsuccessful. "He was pretty determined to get away," Robison said. lramseth@sltrib.com Twitter: @lramseth   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR NEWS Rift widens over Huntsman Cancer Institute CEO's firing McMullin owes nearly $670,000 for his failed presidential bid Dress code at Utah Girls State -- a civics summer camp -- is 'sexist,' teen says Huntsman says University of Utah 'power grab' is behind firing of acclaimed researcher from cancer i Chaffetz won't seek re-election, leaves option for 2020 gubernatorial run How much do top Mormon leaders make? Leaked pay stubs may surprise you. Principal on leave amid SLC police investigation into alleged 'inappropriate' conduct Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Subscribe Log In Search Listen Now Thursday, April 20, 2017 83 Today's Paper Weather 69°F Clear Thursday, April 20, 2017   Today's Schedule   Listen Now! Toggle navigation News Local State Nation - World Business Obituaries Weather Sports Prep Sports Illini Sports All Sports Illini Forums Business Living A&E Blogs Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Guest Commentary All Opinions Multimedia Photo Galleries Podcasts Videos Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Classified Place an Ad Classified Listings Garage Sales Jobs Jobs Shop Weekly Ads Savoy Aldi on track for September opening share Facebook Twitter | Subscribe More Local Gambling-parlor robbery under investigation Admitted molester sentenced to 18 years Dry Goods opens at mall The Health Reporter Is In: April 19, 2017 × Login Options Commenting Login to comment or to shop for deal of the day or books. Member Login Login to your member account to read premium articles. Username or e-mail: * Password: * Create new account Request new password Close Home » News » Local Savoy Aldi on track for September opening Tue, 04/18/2017 - 2:50pm | Ben Zigterman Other Related Content Just Askin': When will the new Aldi in Savoy open? Construction on new Aldi in Savoy to get started SAVOY — Construction equipment should arrive this week to begin work on the new Aldi in Savoy. The discount grocery store is expected to open late September, Savoy Village Manager Dick Helton said Tuesday at the town’s economic development commission meeting. “We had a meeting with them yesterday to lay some groundwork on how they’re going to proceed,” he said. “The construction trailer is sitting there along with a big dumpster. They’ll be moving equipment in this week and starting the earth work.” The 18,000-square-foot store will have an entrance directly onto Dunlap Avenue just north of the Christie Clinic, so drivers in that area may experience some delays. “There probably are going to be a few days it’s going to be impacted,” Helton said. “Their main entrance is going to be off Dunlap, so that means a lot of trucks and equipment will be going in and out of there.” With the addition of Aldi, Savoy will have three grocery stores along with Walmart and Schnuck’s. Those two stores could be affected in the short term, but Helton expects that in the long term they’ll be all right. “There’s the fear that this will have an impact on the other two stores. Initially, it will. That’s just the way it happens,” he said. “But six months to a year from now, everything will even out. It’s a different clientele that goes to Aldi than goes to the other two.” He added: “We talked to both Schnuck’s and Walmart, and neither one of them had an issue. They said, the more the merrier.” Savoy has been courting Aldi for over a decade, Helton said, so he’s glad they’re finally here. “We started working on Aldi back in ‘06, at various times, and at various locations around the community,” he said. “They’re interested in the community. They know they need a presence here, not only because of Savoy but the surrounding area.” “It will be a great addition to this part of the community,” he added. “And it’s filling in a spot that has been open there for a long, long time that needs to be filled in.” Sections (3):News, Local, Business More Local Gambling-parlor robbery under investigation Admitted molester sentenced to 18 years Dry Goods opens at mall The Health Reporter Is In: April 19, 2017 More Local Gambling-parlor robbery under investigation Admitted molester sentenced to 18 years Dry Goods opens at mall The Health Reporter Is In: April 19, 2017 Join the Conversation Comments News-Gazette.com embraces discussion of both community and world issues. We welcome you to contribute your ideas, opinions and comments, but we ask that you avoid personal attacks, vulgarity and hate speech. We reserve the right to remove any comment at our discretion, and we will block repeat offenders' accounts. To post comments, you must first be a registered user, and your username will appear with any comment you post. Happy posting. Login or register to post comments #1 Orbiter wrote 1 day 3 hours ago Can we have an address please? Please? "Just north of Christie" doesn't cut the mustard. Give us the darn address! Login or register to post comments Latest News Gambling-parlor robbery under investigation Ebertfest 2017 Admitted molester sentenced to 18 years Dry Goods opens at mall The Health Reporter Is In: April 19, 2017 Budget problems, bill backlog affecting state parks Two men sought over Champaign home invasion Street closures listing Some Illinois school districts offer free ACT exams The latest: Turkish body votes against annulling referendum More Local News Most Viewed News Coroner: Death at Krannert an apparent suicide UPDATE: No seat belts worn in Monday rollover Traffic stop leads to drug, gun charges UPDATED: Harden troubled by board's decision Groce's Akron job will save UI some dough Most Commented News UPDATED: Harden troubled by board's decision Letter-writer, EIU professor has questions for Rauner Urbana search finds cannabis operation, dozens of guns Parkland professor, trustee doesn't plan to give up either role Street closures listing Trending Now Coroner: Death at Krannert an apparent suicide Traffic stop leads to drug, gun charges UPDATED: Harden troubled by board's decision One Danville school placed on 'precautionary' lockdown UPDATED: Man, woman killed early Wednesday in Danville Admitted molester sentenced to 18 years Tuscola star commits to Oklahoma State Dry Goods opens at mall Visit to sheriff's office yields new arrest in gas-station holdup UPDATED: Danville police: No injuries in shooting Fire reported on Krannert Center rooftop Radio Newstalk 1400 WDWS-AM Lite Rock 97.5 WHMS-FM Classic Hits 107.9 WKIO-FM Print County Star The Independent News The Leader LeRoy Farmer City Press Mahomet Citizen Paxton Record Journal Republican Rantoul Press Magazines At Home Magazine Central Illinois Business Magazine Customer Service Help Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Subscription Information Quick Links eEdition Obituaries Submit Vacation Stop Staff List Pay your Subscription Buy a Photo Send a News Tip Submit an Announcement Start a subscription now to enjoy our award-winning local news and sports coverage. Print, digital, or both-- we've got you covered. Subscribe Connect with The News-Gazette © 1995-2017 The News-Gazette, Inc. | All Rights Reserved | 15 Main St., Champaign, IL 61820
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska New Undiscovered Prince Recordings To Be Released This Friday With "DELIVERANCE" EP THE TITLE TRACK, "DELIVERANCE," IS AVAILABLE NOW ON ITUNES AND APPLE MUSIC THE ISSUE OF "DELIVERANCE" EP ON APRIL 21 MARKS THE ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF PRINCE'S PASSING; EP DISC AVAILABLE NATIONWIDE JUNE 2 AT TARGET, WALMART AND ALL MAJOR BRICK AND MORTAR RETAILERS News provided by RMA (Rogue Music Alliance) Apr 18, 2017, 20:49 ET Share this article VANCOUVER, Wash., April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- In honor of the one year anniversary of Pop icon Prince's passing, RMA (Rogue Music Alliance) is releasing a special six song EP titled DELIVERANCE, of new, undiscovered studio recordings from 2006-2008 this Friday, April 21.  The title track, "Deliverance," is available now on iTunes and Apple Music.  The pre-order for the EP is also available now on iTunes, Google Play and Amazon. The EP disc version of DELIVERANCE will be released nationwide on June 2 at Walmart, Target and other major brick and mortar stores.   NEW UNDISCOVERED PRINCE RECORDINGS TO BE RELEASED THIS FRIDAY WITH “DELIVERANCE” EP DELIVERANCE features six previously unreleased tracks:  "Deliverance," "Man Opera," which includes a four-movement medley:  "I Am," "Touch Me," "Sunrise Sunset," "No One Else;" and an extended version of "I Am."  The songs were written and recorded when Prince was an independent artist, protesting what he saw as an unjust music industry.  In the spirit of that independence, and in supporting Prince's opinion of major label contracts, DELIVERANCE is being released independently via RMA, a Vancouver, WA based record company.  The majority of all sales of DELIVERANCE will benefit Prince's estate. Prince, and Ian Boxill (2Pac, Gladys Knight, Janet Jackson, Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, multiple award winning Prince albums), co-wrote and co-produced all of the tracks beginning in 2006. After Prince's untimely passing, Boxill continued their work by spending the past year completing the compositions and arrangements, finishing the production and mixing the songs. Says Boxill, "I believe 'Deliverance' is a timely release with everything going on in the world today, and in light of the one-year anniversary of his passing. I hope when people hear Prince singing these songs it will bring comfort to many."  He continues, "Prince once told me that he would go to bed every night thinking of ways to bypass major labels and get his music directly to the public.  When considering how to release this important work, we decided to go independent because that's what Prince would have wanted." Prince is regarded one as of the most prolific and groundbreaking artists in modern music history. A worldwide Multi-Platinum selling artist, Prince was also a multiple time GRAMMY® Award winner, American Music Award winner, Billboard Music Award winner, Academy Award winner, Golden Globe Award winner, BET Award winner, Soul Train Music Award winner, Brit Award winner, GRAMMY® Hall of Fame winner, MTV Music Award winner, NAACP Image Award winner, and ASCAP Award winner, and more.  About RMA: RMA (Rogue Music Alliance) is the brainchild of Gabriel Wilson and David Staley. As a production/marketing duo, Wilson and Staley have brought to market five Top 40 Billboard 200 Albums and several Billboard genre #1's (John Mark McMillan, Steffany Gretzinger, Lindy Conant, Bethel Music).  Exhausted by many years of witnessing the old "record deal" model and its share-cropping ethos, Staley and Wilson formed RMA bent on creating a business model which provides "Equity for Artists." RMA's vision is to provide label-like services in a model which doesn't acquire, lock up, and own the work of artists, forever keeping them from owning the rights to their creative property, but rather seeks to create literal partnerships with artists in the joint venture of their work. RMA is a model in which the record label never makes more money from the artist's work than the artist does.  RMA operates as a hub of label-esque services partnering with artists to form their own micro label, seeking to inspire other artists to step outside the status quo. For more information check out: Official website – www.princerogersnelson.com  Smartlink to purchase/stream -- https://rma.lnk.to/deliverancePR  CONTACT:   Rogers & Cowan   Lori Lousararian-Hakola                    Karen Sundell llousararian@rogersandcowan.com    ksundell@rogersandcowan.com 310/854-8104                                    310/854-8167   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-undiscovered-prince-recordings-to-be-released-this-friday-with-deliverance-ep-300441519.html SOURCE RMA (Rogue Music Alliance) My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: New Undiscovered Prince Recordings To Be Released This Friday With "DELIVERANCE" EP News provided by RMA (Rogue Music Alliance) Apr 18, 2017, 20:49 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Sponsor A Massive Tsunami is About to Rock the Global Stock Markets Home | Street Talk Tags: 2016 Elections | currency | traders | flaw | republicans | border | tax Currency Traders Spot Fatal Flaw in Republicans' Border Tax Plan (Dreamstime) Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 08:56 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    In Washington D.C., one of the selling points of an ambitious border-tax plan rests on a key economic assumption: The dollar will appreciate enough to offset any increase in the cost of cheap, imported goods that so many Americans have come to rely on. It’s just Econ 101, backed by well-established macroeconomic theory. But on Wall Street, traders and strategists who make a living in the $5.1-trillion-a-day currency market say such notions are preposterous. Even if congressional Republicans can set aside their differences to pass the proposed border-adjusted tax -- a prospect that seems more remote with each passing day -- you’d be hard-pressed to find anyone in the market who believes it will result in the greenback strengthening 25 percent, as the plan suggests. Part of the reason has to do with what they see as a misinterpretation of the underlying theory when applied to the real world. But just as important is the fundamental failure of politicians to appreciate how unpredictable the vast, foreign-exchange market can be, especially when global economic drivers collide and trillions of dollars change hands every day. “The FX market is the most difficult thing to forecast, and to build an inter-generational tax reform based on the assumption of what the FX market will do is a laughable notion,” David Woo, the head of global rates and FX strategy at Bank of America, said in a Bloomberg TV interview. How the dollar responds is certain to have consequences that extend far beyond the currency market. If it fails to appreciate as Republicans expect, consumers and retailers that rely on imported goods (think Wal-Mart and Best Buy) will be hard hit and slow economic growth. Currency appreciation is also a key political defense in arguing the plan -- which taxes imports and exempts exports -- isn’t protectionist and doesn’t violate World Trade Organization rules, as a stronger dollar levels the playing field between foreign and domestic products. In fact, the dollar has given up most of its gains since the November election, which gave Donald Trump and the Republicans control of both the White House and Congress, partly as hopes for a quick passage of a comprehensive tax reform bill waned. For Woo, it all boils down to simple math. Daily trading of goods and services between the U.S. and the rest of the world averages about $14 billion. That amounts to 0.3 percent of the $4.4 trillion in dollars transacted in the global currency market each day. In short, little more than rounding error. Much of the ebb and flow in currencies are dictated by the vagaries of traders as they respond to changes in monetary policy, economic growth and political risk. At times, it can cause the dollar to veer away from levels that economists would consider rational using measures like purchasing power parity. To think that the dollar simply turns on trade policy would be naïve at best, Woo says. Strong Assumptions Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has voiced similar concerns. “There is more than trade that affects a country’s exchange rate,” Yellen said in congressional testimony in February. “A strong set of assumptions is needed to believe that markets would fully offset those changes” caused by the border-adjusted tax. To be fair, it’s not as if House Republican leaders are just making it up. The plan’s assumptions about the dollar -- that it will rise just enough to bring down after-tax import prices relative to locally produced goods -- are rooted in a macroeconomic principle popularized by John Maynard Keynes in the late 1930s known as the “national income identity.” In its simplest form, it describes how a country such as the U.S. that saves less than it invests must automatically run a trade deficit. With a proposed border tax of 20 percent, the U.S. currency would then have to appreciate 25 percent to restore the trade balance by increasing the purchasing power of the dollars used to buy imports, and reducing the competitiveness of American exports. Real World House Speaker Paul Ryan, a key proponent of the Republican border tax proposal, said in February that the dollar’s rise is “obvious and mathematical.” Spokeswoman AshLee Strong pointed to those remarks when asked to comment for this story. It’s all straightforward in theory, but in the real world, it’s anything but. According to JPMorgan Chase, adoption of a border tax could trigger tensions with trading partners or outright retaliation. What’s more, the appreciation that Republicans promise may be delivered in the form of inflation instead of a stronger dollar. That happens when retailers pass on the tax to consumers or when sellers of locally produced goods raise prices to take advantage of increased demand. So it’s really the inflation-adjusted dollar (often known as the real exchange rate) that adjusts rather than the nominal rate, which JPMorgan estimates may rise as little as 6 percent versus major trading partners. “The theory is only sound as it describes the real exchange rate, not the nominal exchange rate,” said Daniel Hui, a global FX strategist at JPMorgan. Known Unknown Of course, there’s no way to know for certain how currencies will respond to a border tax because no system in the world is quite like it. And economists from Alan Auerbach of the University of California at Berkeley, to those at the Peterson Institute for International Economics point to a provision in the tax proposal that allows U.S. manufacturers to deduct the wages they pay from their taxable income, which could lessen consumer-price pressures and instead may lead to a stronger dollar. “A wide range of respected economists believe that the dollar will appreciate substantially and quickly,” said Emily Schillinger, a spokeswoman for Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee. “Additionally, our pro-growth tax reform plan will create jobs, grow our economy and ensure that Americans’ dollars go further.” To UBS Wealth Management’s Thomas Flury, a number of risks could ultimately weaken the dollar. If local manufacturers fail to grab market share from importers, economic output could slow and force the Fed to ease up on the pace of its interest-rate hikes. Americans may just end up spending less. The dollar depends on “how the Fed reacts,” said Flury, the global head of currency strategy at UBS’s Chief Investment Office. “At least in the beginning of the transition, you have to expect slower growth.” © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Core assumption about U.S. dollar appreciation is ‘laughable’; USD trade flow is rounding error in trillion-dollar FX market currency, traders, flaw, republicans, border, tax, plan 1065 Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 08:56 PM 2017-56-18 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Newsmax.com - Breaking news from around the globe: U.S. news, politics, world, health, finance, video, science, technology, live news stream Sunday, 16 Apr 2017 | 52 comments So you believe that patriotic American citizens who love their country are... Retail Stores Devastated, Suffer Massive Job Losses Tuesday, 18 Apr 2017 | 45 comments And the leftist dummies brag about how obama fixed the economy. What a... Newsmax.com - Breaking news from around the globe: U.S. news, politics, world, health, finance, video, science, technology, live news stream Wednesday, 12 Apr 2017 | 16 comments More comedic rhetoric from the left...... Kudlow: Trump Inherited Problems 'Gone Unfixed in Last 20 Years' Friday, 14 Apr 2017 | 15 comments The democrats are never going to give him a chance. Their core tenets... Currency Traders Spot Fatal Flaw in Republicans' Border Tax Plan Wednesday, 19 Apr 2017 | 8 comments I don't know if you are directing that at me but I'm a conservative. I... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Latest News Dow 20,404 -118.79 -0.58% Nasdaq 5,863 +13.56 +0.23% S&P 500 2,338 -4.02 -0.17% 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.3% lower at 4,989.74 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.2% lower at 376.45 2:56 A.M. ET Unilever sales rise, but lag in Europe, U.S. 2:53 A.M. ET Debenhams profit falls; interim dividend unchanged 2:45 A.M. ET Updated Fund managers are avoiding U.S. stocks like never before in this bull market 2:43 A.M. ET Updated This robot explains why you shouldn’t worry about artificial intelligence 2:36 A.M. ET Atlas Copco buys full control of Taiwan's CSKT 2:36 A.M. ET Sky profit falls 11% on soccer TV costs, ad slide 2:34 A.M. ET Moneysupermarket.com sees 2017 on track 2:34 A.M. ET Acacia Mining revenue up 6% on gold price rise 2:33 A.M. ET Unilever revenue rises 6.1% 2:18 A.M. ET Rio Tinto trims copper production target 2:17 A.M. ET Axel Springer buys stake in Uber 2:16 A.M. ET ECB officials warn on cutting stimulus too soon 2:15 A.M. ET National Grid plans share consolidation 2:11 A.M. ET German March producer prices steady in March 1:45 A.M. ET Pernod sales lifted by U.S., Europe markets 1:44 A.M. ET Publicis dragged down by loss of U.S. accounts 1:34 A.M. ET Updated Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil 1:23 A.M. ET ABB revenue falls, but divestment lifts net income Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release New Undiscovered Prince Recordings To Be Released This Friday With "DELIVERANCE" EP By Published: Apr 18, 2017 8:49 p.m. ET Share THE TITLE TRACK, "DELIVERANCE," IS AVAILABLE NOW ON ITUNES AND APPLE MUSICTHE ISSUE OF "DELIVERANCE" EP ON APRIL 21 MARKS THE ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY OF PRINCE'S PASSING; EP DISC AVAILABLE NATIONWIDE JUNE 2 AT TARGET, WALMART AND ALL MAJOR BRICK AND MORTAR RETAILERS VANCOUVER, Wash., April 18, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- In honor of the one year anniversary of Pop icon Prince's passing, RMA (Rogue Music Alliance) is releasing a special six song EP titled DELIVERANCE, of new, undiscovered studio recordings from 2006-2008 this Friday, April 21.  The title track, "Deliverance," is available now on iTunes and Apple Music.  The pre-order for the EP is also available now on iTunes, Google Play and Amazon. The EP disc version of DELIVERANCE will be released nationwide on June 2 at Walmart, Target and other major brick and mortar stores.   DELIVERANCE features six previously unreleased tracks:  "Deliverance," "Man Opera," which includes a four-movement medley:  "I Am," "Touch Me," "Sunrise Sunset," "No One Else;" and an extended version of "I Am."  The songs were written and recorded when Prince was an independent artist, protesting what he saw as an unjust music industry.  In the spirit of that independence, and in supporting Prince's opinion of major label contracts, DELIVERANCE is being released independently via RMA, a Vancouver, WA based record company.  The majority of all sales of DELIVERANCE will benefit Prince's estate. Prince, and Ian Boxill (2Pac, Gladys Knight, Janet Jackson, Bone Thugs-n-Harmony, multiple award winning Prince albums), co-wrote and co-produced all of the tracks beginning in 2006. After Prince's untimely passing, Boxill continued their work by spending the past year completing the compositions and arrangements, finishing the production and mixing the songs. Says Boxill, "I believe 'Deliverance' is a timely release with everything going on in the world today, and in light of the one-year anniversary of his passing. I hope when people hear Prince singing these songs it will bring comfort to many."  He continues, "Prince once told me that he would go to bed every night thinking of ways to bypass major labels and get his music directly to the public.  When considering how to release this important work, we decided to go independent because that's what Prince would have wanted." Prince is regarded one as of the most prolific and groundbreaking artists in modern music history. A worldwide Multi-Platinum selling artist, Prince was also a multiple time GRAMMY® Award winner, American Music Award winner, Billboard Music Award winner, Academy Award winner, Golden Globe Award winner, BET Award winner, Soul Train Music Award winner, Brit Award winner, GRAMMY®Hall of Fame winner, MTV Music Award winner, NAACP Image Award winner, and ASCAP Award winner, and more.  About RMA: RMA (Rogue Music Alliance) is the brainchild of Gabriel Wilson and David Staley. As a production/marketing duo, Wilson and Staley have brought to market five Top 40 Billboard 200 Albums and several Billboard genre #1's (John Mark McMillan, Steffany Gretzinger, Lindy Conant, Bethel Music).  Exhausted by many years of witnessing the old "record deal" model and its share-cropping ethos, Staley and Wilson formed RMA bent on creating a business model which provides "Equity for Artists." RMA's vision is to provide label-like services in a model which doesn't acquire, lock up, and own the work of artists, forever keeping them from owning the rights to their creative property, but rather seeks to create literal partnerships with artists in the joint venture of their work. RMA is a model in which the record label never makes more money from the artist's work than the artist does.  RMA operates as a hub of label-esque services partnering with artists to form their own micro label, seeking to inspire other artists to step outside the status quo. For more information check out: Official website – www.princerogersnelson.com  Smartlink to purchase/stream -- https://rma.lnk.to/deliverancePR  CONTACT:   Rogers & Cowan   Lori Lousararian-Hakola                    Karen Sundell llousararian@rogersandcowan.com    ksundell@rogersandcowan.com 310/854-8104                                    310/854-8167   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/new-undiscovered-prince-recordings-to-be-released-this-friday-with-deliverance-ep-300441519.html SOURCE RMA (Rogue Music Alliance) Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular How the Trump stock market ranks as he nears his 100th day in office Book a private jet on your smartphone — for less than a first-class flight This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children Here’s how France’s hotly contested election could spark market turmoil The future of video games may be a full-body experience MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
JJ Jr. RSS Twitter Facebook Instagram Main About Us Exclusive Contact Send Tips Top Stories Bill O'Reilly Fired by Fox News - Celebs React Zeke Smith Tells Rest of 'Survivor' Cast He's Transgender Serena Williams is Pregnant, Expecting With Alexis Ohanian! Joaquin Phoenix is Now a Redhead - See the Pic! Newer Older Tue, 18 April 2017 at 9:09 pm Tweet New Prince Music Released - Stream & Download Here! A new song from the late entertainer Prince has been released and fans can expect more music later this week! “Deliverance,” the title track from the new six-song EP is available for download on iTunes right now and the rest of the undiscovered studio recordings will drop on Friday (April 21). The EP disc version of Deliverance will be released nationwide at Walmart, Target, and other major stores on June 2. Deliverance features six previously unreleased tracks: “Deliverance,” “Man Opera” which includes a four-movement medley: “I Am,” “Touch Me,” “Sunrise Sunset,” “No One Else”; and an extended version of “I Am.” The songs were written and recorded when Prince was an independent artist, protesting what he saw as an unjust music industry. The EP is being released independently and the majority of sales will benefit the late entertainer’s estate. Just Jared on Facebook Photos: Getty Posted to: Music, Prince Sponsored Links by ZergNet Also on Just Jared Prince's Estate to Block Release of New Music Prince Had Pills Hidden All Over His Home Prince's Ex Mayte Garcia Reveals the Heartbreak Following the Death of Their Son Sinead O'Connor Retracts Claim Arsenio Hall Gave Prince Drugs Bruno Mars Pays Tribute to Prince at Grammys 2017 - Watch Now! Prince's Music Now Streaming Online - Listen to His Biggest Hits! Grammys 2017: Prince & George Michael Tributes Planned Prince's Estate On Notice After Woman Claims to Be His Wife Prince's Unreleased Song 'Moonbeam Levels' Debuts - Stream & Lyrics! AMAs 2016: Prince's Siblings Will Come Together for Tribute Prince's Estate Fires Back at Jay Z's Purchase Offer on Unreleased Music Prince's Family Set to Host Another Private Ceremony Judge Orders DNA Testing on Potential Heirs to Prince's Estate Demi Lovato Performs Amazing 'Purple Rain' Cover on Fourth of July! (Video) Jennifer Hudson Pays Tribute to Prince at BET Awards 2016 with Tori Kelly & Stevie Wonder (Video) JJ Links Around The Web Getty Prince's new album Deliverance dropped on iTunes and was quickly pulled - TMZ Brad Pitt is fighting rumors that he has an eating disorder - Gossip Cop Will Spencer and Toby get back together on Pretty Little Liars? Looks like it... - Just Jared Jr Patrick Dempsey may be looking into adoption with his wife Jillian - Wetpaint Get the scoop on Keira Knightley's cameo in the new Pirates of the Caribbean film - Lainey Gossip Where is Bill O'Reilly headed next? - The Hollywood Reporter Demi Lovato is 'Ready For Summer' With Cute New Swimsuit... Demi Lovato is showing off her amazing figure. The 24-year-old Grammy-nominated songstress took to... Kendall Jenner is Being Displayed All Across New York City... Kendall Jenner looks gorgeous as she arrives at the Harper’s Bazaar 150th Anniversary Event... Keegan Allen Previews Spencer & Toby's Relationship In... Toby (Keegan Allen) is alive on Pretty Little Liars! We can all breathe a little easier knowing... Read more on Just Jared Jr! » Top Celebs Angelina Jolie Brad Pitt Jennifer Lawrence Miley Cyrus Leonardo DiCaprio Bikini Celebs Jennifer Aniston Kristen Stewart Kim Kardashian Zac Efron Gerard Butler Robert Pattinson Vanessa Hudgens Katie Holmes Rihanna More Top Celebs... Tom Cruise Jennifer Garner Shirtless Celebs Britney Spears Daniel Craig Jake Gyllenhaal Jude Law Gwen Stefani Gwyneth Paltrow Reese Witherspoon Sienna Miller Wentworth Miller Just Jared Archives Sponsored Links by ZergNet Guess Who This Football Kid Turned Into! Prince Estate Wins, New Album Release Shut Down Prince's New Album Gets Yanked Off iTunes ... For Now Someone Updated Richard Simmons’s Facebook, and We’re... Patrick Dempsey and Wife Jillian Are Ready to Adopt a Child... Brie Bella Reveals on ‘Total Divas’ She Struggled With... Smutty Social Media, April 19, 2017 Serena Williams announces she is 20 weeks pregnant on... Bill O'Reilly fired from Fox News Channel HollywoodLife’s Gwen Stefani, Blake Shelton Stories Are... “Survivor: Game Changers” Recap: Who Was Voted Out? Jim Carrey NOT Starring In Movie About Psychedelic Drugs... JJ: Latest Posts Jon Hamm is Back For 'Unbreakable... Rihanna Reportedly Got a Little Lost... Demi Lovato Shows Off Major Cleavage... Kris Jenner is 'So Angry' Over... Ewan McGregor Opens Up About Nude... Bruce Springsteen Protests Donald... Kendall Jenner Lights Up the Empire... JJ: Page 2 Ashley Graham Sports Different Looks... Amanda Seyfried & Thomas Sadoski... Chris Pratt & Anna Faris Couple Up... Kate Bosworth & Jason Ritter... Eva Longoria & Jose Baston Pack on... Jennifer Hudson & Robert de Niro... Here's a List of Patriots Players Who... Just Jared Jr. Demi Lovato is 'Ready For Summer' With... Kendall Jenner is Being Displayed All... Keegan Allen Previews Spencer &... Olivia Holt Opens Up About 'History'... Bella Thorne Teases There's Another... Nina Dobrev Knows Makeup Isn't What... The 'Pretty Little Liars' Cast Attend... © 2005-2017 Just Jared, Inc. || Main About Us Advertise With Us FAQ Contact Terms Privacy Policy Return to Mobile
Accessibility help Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Theresa May calls snap election in bid to strengthen hand in Brexit talks Democrat nearly wins Republican House seat in Georgia Fifa struggles to win backers for Russia World Cup China struggles to deal with ‘hopeless’ North Korea US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Donald Trump signs ‘Buy American, Hire American’ order Democrat nearly wins Republican House seat in Georgia Interview with Steven Mnuchin: Transcript IMF says debt binge leaves US corporate assets exposed Man wanted in Facebook murder video kills himself, police say Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read JPMorgan accused of fraud over tech company sale Hard Rock gambles $375m on Trump Taj Mahal casino Goldman earnings miss punctures banking sector optimism Lloyds in reach of private ownership after 9 years Wang Jianlin confirms China blocked Wanda’s US TV deal Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Stronger pound hits FTSE 100 as investors look for softer Brexit How markets are reacting to the UK’s snap general election Interview with Steven Mnuchin: Transcript FTSE 100 turns negative for 2017 on hit from stronger pound French election: divided markets open door to big reaction Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read Theresa May can now secure her mandate on Europe Theresa May’s snap election call is right for Brexit Britain The fearless market ignores perils ahead Dealing with America’s trade follies An enfeebled Labour leaves the centre ground up for grabs Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read Zuma, Barclays, United and the value of employees who say no Pocket computers are poised for a comeback The new back office: inside Goldman Sachs’ Bangalore hub Business school students find voices in an age of protest Cheap ways to prevent executive burnout Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Most Read How the Bible Belt lost God and found Trump The cap may fit — but don’t wear it When to be the perfect gentleman, and when not How the Osage murders in Oklahoma led to the making of the modern FBI Late flowering: why the older years are the golden age for gardeners Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Sign In Subscribe Search the FT Search Close You must be a Premium Subscriber to read: Financial Times US retail: furry friends, fuzzy maths Already a subscriber? Sign in here Premium features include the agenda-setting Lex column, EM Squared, Martin Sandbu’s Free Lunch, Newsmine blog, daily FT ePaper and exclusive weekly emails designed to enhance your FT experience. Upgrade now Not a subscriber? Click here to subscribe What do you get in your Premium Subscription package? Lex Column - The FT’s daily guide to the corporate and financial stories that matter. Since the 1930’s Lex has been providing concise, readable and timely commentary on companies, markets and the theory behind investing. From tech valuations to the pros and cons of share buybacks, via the banking crisis and emerging markets, Our specialists in London, New York and Hong Kong give you the tools to make better investment decisions. Editor's Choice - An exclusive weekly newsletter with insights from Lionel Barber, the Financial Times’ lauded editor. FT Newsmine Blog - A weekly email that abstracts essential macroeconomic data for you from the week’s news stories. Free lunch - Martin Sandbu's Free Lunch - A succinct daily take on global economics from columnist Martin Sandbu who selects and comments on the day's biggest topics. Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend Paper + Premium Digital Weekend App Edition Support View Site Tips Feedback Help Centre About Us Accessibility Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services FT Live Share News Tips Securely Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD 2017. FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Close Financial Times International Edition Search the FT Search Switch to UK Edition Top sections Home World Show more World links World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa US Show more US links US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Companies Show more Companies links Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Markets Show more Markets links fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Opinion Show more Opinion links Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Work & Careers Show more Work & Careers links Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Life & Arts Show more Life & Arts links Arts Books Food & Drink FT Magazine House & Home Style Travel Personal Finance Show more Personal Finance links Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Advice & Comment Science Special Reports FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In </body> </html>
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Local Ads Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Local Ads Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 71° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 71° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us Free tax service helps people meet IRS deadline By Kathryn Cargo April 18, 2017 at 11:51 p.m. Updated April 19, 2017 at midnight People sit with volunteers as they help them file their income taxes as part of the Crossroads Volunteer Income Tax Assistance administered by the Community Action of Victoria.   Kathryn Cargo for The Victoria Advocate The Community Action Committee of Victoria saved the day for Norma Bryant. The 60-year-old Victoria native works 60 to 80 hours a week as a nutritionist at Twin Pines Nursing and Rehab Center, and did not have the time to file her taxes before Tuesday. She took off early to meet the IRS deadline. Tuesday was the deadline for Americans to file their federal tax returns. Many people waited until the last minute for different reasons, keeping tax preparers busy all day. Bryant used the free tax service for the first time Tuesday afternoon offered by the Crossroads Volunteer Income Tax Assistance administered by the Community Action Committee of Victoria. "I have been working a lot, a lot of hours, no days off," she said. "If you don't have the help, you can't take off. You have to take care of your residents. They come first. Income tax comes last. That's what I strive to do every day, is to take care of them." Early Tuesday, Bryant was worried she would not be able to file her taxes on time, until someone told her about the free tax service. She also went by Wal-Mart to see if she could file her taxes there, but the tax preparation company there was going to charge about $150. "I was like, 'Oh my God, where am I going to go?'" It took about 20 minutes for volunteer Walter Maxwell, 75, of Victoria, to complete Bryant's tax documents. She sat by him as he asked her questions to fill out the documents. "I appreciate their help, their time, effort that they do to help everybody, to help the community," she said. Volunteer Ron Schul, 72, of Victoria, said the volunteer-based service completed more than 430 tax returns as of Tuesday, and expected to complete between 450 and 500 by the end of the day. Last year, the service completed 375 returns, and the number has grown every year since it began five years ago. The waiting room was full Tuesday afternoon. "This helps low income and middle income people in the neighborhoods in the community," he said. "People that have the least amount of money are the ones that seem to have to pay the most. One of the things that is quite expensive is having preparers do their taxes." The tax returns are filed through an IRS-certified system, and all volunteers are also certified by the government agency, Schul said. Volunteers double-check each others' work to make sure no mistakes are made. The returns are sent directly to the IRS. "A lot of times, we can get money back for them that they normally wouldn't get if they were doing it themselves," he said. "We know a few little ins and outs that are available that they might not catch. We offer the same services that the paid preparers do. We get every dollar that we can get." To receive the free service, the gross income of a household must be less than $54,000, according to benefits.gov. People can also use the service if they are disabled, do not speak English well or are senior citizens. Gilbert Orosco, 63, of Victoria, filed for an income tax extension Tuesday with the service, making his new deadline Oct. 16. Orosco is filing for an extension because he owes taxes back to 2013, he said. He waited until Tuesday to file because he didn't have the finances before to. Orosco went to H&R Block to file his taxes, but the company wanted $300 to $400 to conduct the service, he said. He has used the free tax service before, and said the volunteers are always helpful and correct. He plans to use the free service again next year unless he opens his own auto body shop business. Bryant plans to file her taxes earlier next year but will use the same service with Community Action Committee of Victoria. "I like their consistency; I like the friendliness and the help," she said. RELATED Income tax deadline approaches Your business date book Your business date book Your business date book Your business date book -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 45  Man dies while in Victoria police custody 18  DeTar closes its adult mental health center 07  Troubled by Tesla 06  Victoria misses bid for huge ExxonMobil plant 05  Community remembers 18-year-old's love of life Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Music * ENGLAND * Celebrity * More Tags... Industry News * Music * More Industries... News By Location * New York City   New York   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Th We Tu Mo Su Sa Fr 20 19 18 17 16 15 14 Early Juilliard Era photos of The Great Kat, Katherine Thomas, Classical Violinist by Richard Wintle "Katherine Thomas on DMJ. and scribbled was the add 'American music star returns home'. Yes indeed we can add the Katherine Thomas aka Great Kat to the list of Swindon icons. Kat, please come back." – by Richard Wintle, Calyx Picture Agency     Early Juilliard Era photos of The Great Kat, Katherine Thomas, Violinist   Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: * Music * ENGLAND * Celebrity Industry: * Music Location: * New York City - New York - USNEW YORK - April 20, 2017 - PRLog -- Early Juilliard Era photos of The Great Kat, Katherine Thomas, Classical Violinist from Solo Violin Recital in Swindon, England by Richard Wintle! http://calyxpix.com/2017/04/19/great-kat-swindon/ Calyx Picture Agency in Swindon, England Features Katherine Thomas Violin Virtuoso (The Great Kat)! "The Great Kat is from Swindon." "I was hunting down some negatives for the next feature in the Swindon Heritage Magazine when I came across a sheet marked Katherine Thomas on DMJ. and scribbled was the add 'American music star returns home'. Yes indeed we can add the Katherine Thomas aka Great Kat to the list of Swindon icons. Kat, please come back." – by Richard Wintle, Calyx Picture Agency http://calyxpix.com/2017/04/19/great-kat-swindon/ SEE Early Juilliard Era photos of Katherine Thomas, The Great Kat Violinist in Swindon, England by Richard Wintle at http://calyxpix.com/2017/04/19/great-kat-swindon/ http://www.greatkat.com PRESS/TV/RADIO: Get your FREE DVD or CD REVIEW COPY of The Great Kat's "BEETHOVEN'S GUITAR SHRED" DVD, or "BEETHOVEN SHREDS" CD Featuring BEETHOVEN'S "5th SYMPHONY" & To Set up Great Kat Interviews:  contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas PR: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 or Toll Free (US & Canada Only) 800-KAT-8664 http://www.greatkat.com NEW Great Kat DVD coming in 2017!! Featuring ShredClassical masterpieces from Vivaldi, Sarasate, Rossini, Liszt, Sarasate, Terror, Bazzini & More insanity from The Great Kat Guitar/Violin Double Virtuoso!! http://www.greatkat.com About The Great Kat: Legendary Guitar/Violin Double Virtuoso, The Great Kat http://www.greatkat.com is the world-famous Juilliard graduate Classical Violin Virtuoso/Carnegie Recital Hall Violin Soloist/Winner of "Artists International Competition". The Great Kat performed as a Prodigy Violin Soloist for NYC Mayor Ed Koch at Gracie Mansion and for Coahuila, Mexico Governor Flores Tapia at the Centennial of General Vito Alessio Robles' birth and at the famous Teatro Fernando Soler in Saltillo, Mexico and was awarded the "Certificate of Merit" from New York Governor Mario Cuomo. The Great Kat is now the world's fastest Shred Guitar Virtuoso/"TOP 10 FASTEST SHREDDERS OF ALL TIME" (Guitar One Magazine)/ "FAMOUS JUILLIARD SCHOOL ALUMNI" (Ranker.com)/"50 SENSATIONAL FEMALE GUITARISTS" (Guitar Player Magazine)/Reincarnation of Beethoven and the ONLY Guitar-Violin Double Virtuoso since Niccolo Paganini. Timothy Leary, cultural icon collaborated with The Great Kat Violin Virtuoso on the rock song "Right Brain Lover". Steve Allen, the comedian and composer, especially composed a jazz piece, "Sonatina", for Katherine Thomas (The Great Kat). Katherine performed the World Premiere of the work as a Violin Soloist at the Thamesdown-Hambro festival in Swindon, England. Calyx Picture Agency in Swindon, England Features Katherine Thomas Violin Virtuoso in "The Great Kat is from Swindon" by Richard Wintle.  Retailing giant Tesco is now featuring The Great Kat's virtuoso Vivaldi's "The Four Seasons" music in the TV commercial for the popular Activision video game "Call of Duty: Ghosts" http://youtu.be/6tW_ik2J000 . Warner Music Group has just released The Great Kat's legendary "Worship Me Or Die!" and "Beethoven On Speed" Speed Metal Albums as digital downloads on iTunes and more: https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 ."Beethoven On Speed" and "Beethoven Shreds" are now featured in "America's Beethoven" Exhibit at the "American Beethoven Society". MVD Entertainment Group is distributing The Great Kat's Albums & Music Videos worldwide http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006. The Great Kat's CDs,DVDs & Downloads are available at Walmart, Amazon, Target, iTunes, Barnes and Noble and more stores worldwide. BBC Radio's "The Arts Hour" features The Great Kat Shredding Beethoven's "5th Symphony" and Interview from "Fast And Furioso" Show (heard on BBC Radio 4). New Great Kat ShredClassical DVD coming in 2017, featuring blistering violin/guitar shreds of Vivaldi, Rossini, Sarasate, Bazzini & Liszt. More info: http://www.greatkat.com. Contact: Karen Thomas, Thomas Public Relations, Inc: karent@thomas-pr.com 631-549-7578 http://www.greatkat.com Links: The Great Kat Website: http://www.greatkat.com iTunes Music: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/great-kat/id384709526 iTunes Video: http://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/the-great-kat/id368743108 Walmart: https://www.walmart.com/search/?query=%22the%20great%20kat%22 Twitter: http://twitter.com/greatkatguitar and https://twitter.com/greatkatviolin YouTube: http://www.youtube.com/user/KthomasPR Instagram: http://instagram.com/greatkatguitar Ringtones: http://www.greatkat.com/ringtones/greatkatringtones.html Warner Music: Great Kat's Legendary "WORSHIP ME OR DIE!" & "BEETHOVEN ON SPEED" Albums on Warner Music https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/worship-me-or-die!/id1086423634 & https://itunes.apple.com/us/album/beethoven-on-speed/id1089012301 The Great Kat Albums & Music Videos on MVD Entertainment Group: http://mvdb2b.com/s/GreatKatBeethovenShreds/TPR0006 End Source : Thomas PR Email : ***@thomas-pr.com Tags : Music, ENGLAND, Celebrity Industry : Music Location : New York City - New York - United States Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Thomas Public Relations News Happy "Beethoven's Guitar Shred" Day -Today April 14! Anniversary of Great Kat DVD! The Great Kat Guitar/Violin Virtuoso Named "50 Sensational Female Guitarists" by Guitar Player Mag Guitar Player Magazine Names The Great Kat "50 Sensational Female Guitarists"! OLE! First Look at New Great Kat Sarasate's "Carmen Fantasy" Video Shoot - Coming Soon on iTunes Happy St. Patrick's Day from Shred Leprechaun The Great Kat! ARTNEWS Features The Great Kat Trending Want To Be A Successful Actor? Want To Be A Successful Actor? Pre-NAB Panel Shares Surprising Insights On Careers In Editing Bridgeport's Zinc Alloy Fittings Listed for Use with Aluminum EMT Means Contractors Can Install an EMT System that Won't Rust U.S. Department of Energy Releases Strategic Transformer Reserve Report to Congress 2017 Daily News Mother and Daughter Team Making History with Family Pageant Business - 546 views Chanhassen Weight Loss Experts Open Registration For The Free 6-week 20 Pound Weight Loss Challenge - 381 views Impulse Chosen As Software-Defined Secure Networks (SDSN) Alliance Ecosystem Partner - 265 views Ken Blanchard to Speak with San Bernardino Superintendents & Community Leaders - 201 views Asset Plus Companies Named One of the Country's Largest Apartment Firms - 178 views Weekly News Open House at Amazing Lash Studio in Wayne, NJ Saturday May 6th! - 3428 views Billy Jaynes names Dennis Davis President of The Jaynes Gang - 2783 views Veterans Village Set to Open Assisted Living Home for U.S. Veterans in Downtown Las Vegas - 1677 views Gabrielle Bates Shines as Millennial Beauty Industry Mogul - 1340 views Steve Fryer, Former Disney Guest Services Exec, Named President of CX Opportunity - 985 views Daily News Mother and Daughter Team Making History with Family Pageant Business - 546 views Chanhassen Weight Loss Experts Open Registration For The Free 6-week 20 Pound Weight Loss Challenge - 381 views Impulse Chosen As Software-Defined Secure Networks (SDSN) Alliance Ecosystem Partner - 265 views Ken Blanchard to Speak with San Bernardino Superintendents & Community Leaders - 201 views Asset Plus Companies Named One of the Country's Largest Apartment Firms - 178 views Weekly News Open House at Amazing Lash Studio in Wayne, NJ Saturday May 6th! - 3428 views Billy Jaynes names Dennis Davis President of The Jaynes Gang - 2783 views Veterans Village Set to Open Assisted Living Home for U.S. Veterans in Downtown Las Vegas - 1677 views Gabrielle Bates Shines as Millennial Beauty Industry Mogul - 1340 views Steve Fryer, Former Disney Guest Services Exec, Named President of CX Opportunity - 985 views PTC News Look! Up in the Sky! Dean Cain To Attend Wizard World Comic Con Des Moines, May 20-21 - 332 views Lennar Bay Area Nominated for 12 Excellence in Home Building Awards - 304 views Code Green Apparel Provides Uniforms for the Waste Management Phoenix Open - PGA Tour - 172 views Wizard World, Inc. Names Michael Breen, Jordan Schur To Board Of Directors - 152 views Lennar's Chantenay at Damonte Ranch Grand Opens Saturday, April 22 - 139 views Apr 20, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent University of Iowa hospitals raise alarm over Medicaid managed care denials Drew Cook joins the family business Iowa House Oks budget that defunds Planned Parenthood Jane Meyer has first day of testimony in trial alleging gender and sexual orientation discrimination by UI Ernst airs concern over Trump’s Florida trips Iowa House Oks budget that defunds Planned Parenthood Washington High’s likely next principal meets with parents, staff Iowa Senate passes funding plan for water quality Iowa Senate refuses to confirm 2 Branstad appointees Jane Meyer has first day of testimony in trial alleging gender and sexual orientation discrimination by UI Free pet food helping keep animals in homes with help of Cedar Valley Humane Society Org hosting pop-up distribution events Video Photo Over a ton of pet supplies fill a van as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) Preston Moore (from left), Development Director, hands a bag of cat food to Jan Lanham of Lisbon as John Bright, Communications and Fundraising Coordinator, looks on while Lanham’s dog, Riley (rear), checks out the van as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) Jan Lanham of Lisbon feeds a treat to her dog, Riley, as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) Jan Lanham (from left) of Lisbon holds her trunk open as Preston Moore, Development Director, loads a bag of cat litter as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) Cat littler and cat food sit on a table as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) A sign that reads “Free Pet Food Here” sits along U.S. Highway 30 as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) Preston Moore, Development Director, carries a bag of cat food to a car as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) John Bright, Communications and Fundraising Coordinator, carries a bag of dog food to a car as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) Alisha Dvorak, animal care staff member, carries a bag of dog treats to a car as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) Bags of dog food sit in a van as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) Jennifer Moorer (from left) of Lisbon talks with John Bright, Communications and Fundraising Coordinator, and Preston Moore, Development Director, as she picks up dog food as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) Jennifer Moorer (from left) of Lisbon talks with John Bright, Communications and Fundraising Coordinator, and Preston Moore, Development Director, as they load dog food into her vehicle as the Cedar Valley Humane Society setup a Pop Up Pet Food Bank at Casey’s General Store in Lisbon on Thursday, Apr. 13, 2017. (Stephen Mally/The Gazette) Makayla Tendall More stories from Makayla Apr 18, 2017 at 3:57 pm | Print View LISBON — More than a ton of pet food and supplies weighed down a Cedar Valley Humane Society van parked at a Casey’s General Store in Lisbon last week. Humane society employees arrived at noon on April 13 with bags of pet food stacked to the roof of the vehicle. By 1:30 p.m., they had distributed more than half the load and a jar filled with cash donations stood at a table outside the van. Lisbon residents had flocked to the vehicle to pick up free pet food for themselves or for friends or relatives who are on a fixed income, between jobs or simply want to supplement their pet food budget. In the last six months, Preston Moore, director of development for the Cedar Valley Humane Society, estimates the organization has handed out several tons of pet food throughout several pop-up pet food banks in various Eastern Iowa towns. The idea came after the humane society took in or temporarily housed about 100 animals after flooding struck Linn and Benton counties last summer. Moore said he knew homeowners had to fix property damage or had regular incomes disrupted after being away from their homes and jobs for a few days. Because the humane society has regular donors giving food or supplies for the shelter, Moore said staff began sending pet food home with residents who had temporarily boarded their pets during the flood. “We knew the last thing a lot of these people were going to be able to think about was feeding their pet,” Moore said. “But there were a ton of people saying, ‘My property wasn’t damaged, but we live paycheck to paycheck.’ ” That’s when the shelter decided to have a mobile pet food bank. “We would ask people, ‘What would it take for you to be able to keep (your pets)?’ If it’s food or litter or basic supplies, we say, ‘Let me give it to you,’ ” Moore said. “Keeping animals in their homes is just as important as helping animals find a home.” Cedar Valley Humane Society officials announce the pop-up stands through the organization’s Facebook page a few days before each event. Donations have poured in from individual donors, Moore said. Theisen’s and Walmart stores have sent in bags of food that have been damaged or are about to expire. Though the shelter prefers to give animals protein-rich food, Moore said they will accept any donations. “A $20 bag of food can make all the difference for someone,” he said. A few bags of dog food helped Lisbon resident Jennifer Moorer and Lia, her German shorthaired pointer. Moorer received Lia as a service dog a few years ago to help cope with anxiety after she was attacked while jogging. Lia was diagnosed with cancer this year. Though Moorer said she can’t afford the more than $2,000 surgery, the free bags of pet food help balance out Lia’s medication costs. Moore said the feedback for the pet food banks has been overwhelmingly positive, and recipients are surprised to hear that the pet food is completely free. “If (pet owners) can’t afford the food, I think — deep down — people understand what we’re trying to do,” Moore said. “We haven’t had to turn anybody away. We don’t want to see a pay stub or make you sign up for anything, just take it.” l Comments: (319) 368-8516; makayla.tendall@thegazette.com Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next People & Places articles New 'The Window' podcast looks to break ... Free pet food helping keep animals in ho ... Iowa auctioneer in 'Storage Wars' spotli ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
