X Edition: United Kingdom Business Business Home Deals Aerospace & Defence Autos Banks Central Banks Reuters Summits Business Video Markets Markets Home UK Markets European Markets Market Analysis Global Market Data Indices Stocks Earnings FXpert Currencies Commodities Funds World World Home Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Germany France U.S. China Middle East Africa Russia India Japan World Video UK UK Home Politics Economy Tech Technology Home Media Science Tech Video Innovation Money Money Home Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Commentary Commentary Home Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Sport Sport Home Football Formula One Tennis Cricket Golf Rugby Union Sport Video Life Lifestyle Home Health Environment Entertainment Arts Oddly Enough Lifestyle Video Entertainment Video Environment Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart buying Jet.com to lift online sales, battle Amazon Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue Aug 9, 2016 | 3:03am BST Wal-Mart buying Jet.com to lift online sales, battle Amazon left right A Walmart store is seen in Encinitas, California April 13, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Blake/File Photo 1/2 left right Aircraft flies over a Wal-Mart billboard in Mexico City March 24, 2015. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido/File Photo 2/2 By Nandita Bose Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N), vying to better challenge Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O), will pay about $3 billion for internet retailer Jet.com and its innovative pricing software in the largest-ever deal for an e-commerce startup. The deal disclosed on Monday follows a five-year e-commerce acquisition spree in which Wal-Mart, the world's biggest traditional retailer, has already bought 15 startups, seeking the talent and technology to make it a dominant player online and narrow the massive gap with market leader Amazon. Wal-Mart's online division has underperformed against Amazon, posting its slowest growth in a year in the first quarter as it struggled to gain traction with consumers, especially millennials. Jet.com was launched by internet entrepreneur Marc Lore in July 2015 and includes software that can offer a customer lower prices as they add items to their shopping cart. Wal-Mart has said it would integrate that software into its main website while keeping Jet.com as a separate entity. "One of the things we really like (about Jet) is that the customer is even more in-charge of the price that they pay," Chief Executive Doug McMillon said on a media call. McMillon said Wal-Mart will take time in getting the technology and design components from Jet and that they will grow both brands separately in the short-term. "Over time, piece-by-piece, we will end up running a business that is simpler and not completely independent." McMillon said Lore would run its new U.S. e-commerce business. Lore had cofounded Quidsi, the owner of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com, which was sold to Amazon. "Marc's e-commerce experience and success are obviously attractive," McMillon said. Wal-Mart's current head of global e-commerce Neil Ashe will leave the company at the end of the fiscal year. The decision to run Jet as an independent website is a good step because it can stay focused on growth, but the price Wal-Mart paid is high, UBS retail analyst Michael Lasser said in a note to clients. Wal-Mart said it would pay around $3 billion (2 billion pounds) in cash and $300 million in shares for Jet, with some of that paid over time. Given Jet's revenue of about $500 million, the cash purchase price represents six times Jet's revenue, according to analysts. Moody's retail analyst Charlie O'Shea said the acquisition gives Wal-Mart a leg-up on competitors in the race to be the No. 2 online retailer, citing the size of Jet.com's online offerings and number of customers. Wal-Mart said Jet has added nearly 400,000 new shoppers monthly. "The impact on Amazon will be fairly benign. However, this acquisition, in tandem with its joint-venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Walmart is attacking online retail with significant zeal," he said. In June, Wal-Mart said it sold its Chinese online grocery store in return for a stake in JD.com Inc, China's 2 e-commerce firm. BILLIONS SPENT ON ONLINE EFFORTS Wal-Mart's first-quarter online sales grew 7 percent, a weaker rate than any of the four quarters just before that. In 2015, Wal-Mart's online sales rose 12.3 percent to $13.7 billion, compared with a 16 percent jump to $92.4 billion for Amazon.com. Wal-Mart has not said what it spent on acquisitions, but prior to the Jet.com deal it disclosed a total of $3.1 billion for e-commerce and digital projects, such as its platform and new warehouses, in the four fiscal years to January 2017. The deal should give Wal-Mart the scale to bolster its online presence, broaden its assortment of goods and offer the lowest prices at the same time, analysts said. Wal-Mart noted Jet has offered 12 million items in its first year of operation. Wal-Mart has said previously it wants to expand its online selection from around 10 million items to the tens of millions over the next few years. Rival Amazon has more than 200 million items for sale online. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago, Additional reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan and Gayathree Ganesan in Bengaluru; Editing by Saumyadeb Chakrabarty and Jeffrey Hodgson) Next In Business News Bracing for Brexit, UK ramps up borrowing and cuts growth forecasts LONDON Britain has ramped up its borrowing outlook by much more than expected after forecasters said its vote to leave the European Union would hurt the economy, giving the government only a little room to ease looming pressure on households and firms. FTSE ends little changed, housebuilders skid LONDON Britain's top share index ended flat on Wednesday after a choppy day, with individual sectors diverging as finance minister Philip Hammond delivered the biggest economic update since Britain voted in June to leave the European Union. Exclusive - Microsoft set to win EU approval for LinkedIn buy: sources BRUSSELS Microsoft is set to gain EU approval for its $26 billion (20.92 billion pounds) buy of professional social network LinkedIn with tweaks to concessions aimed at addressing competition concerns, three people close to the matter said on Wednesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart buying online retailer newcomer Jet.com By Associated Press Published: 16:51 EST, 8 August 2016 | Updated: 16:51 EST, 8 August 2016 e-mail NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart is buying fast-growing online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, scooping up a newcomer that launched a year ago with the intention of challenging online leader Amazon. The hefty price underscores how Wal-Mart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively for younger and more affluent customers as it has seen its online business growth slow, even with big investments in distribution centers and expanding services. As part of the deal, Jet.com co-founder and CEO Marc Lore will oversee both that site and walmart.com, and will report to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Lore brings to the role a rich e-commerce resume as founder of Quidsi, the parent of Diapers.com, which was bought by Amazon for $500 million in 2010. FILE - In this Thursday, Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, reusable shopping bags are offered for sale at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market, in the Chinatown district of Los Angeles. Wal-Mart announced Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. (AP Photo/Nick Ut, File) Analysts say the acquisition still won't enable Wal-Mart to catch up to Amazon in sales, but it will help narrow that gap and should widen the distance between Wal-Mart and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com of making it on their own in a sphere Amazon dominates with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups, with Hudson's Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchasing flash-sales site Gilt Group and Bed, Bath & Beyond buying One Kings Lane. While not a startup, Wal-Mart itself announced in June that it announced it was forming a partnership with JD.com in China to bolster its presence in that market. "This acquisition in tandem with its joint venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Wal-Mart is attacking online retail with significant zeal," said Moody's lead retail analyst Charlie O'Shea. "As we believe 'catching' Amazon online is an unrealistic goal for any brick-and-mortar retailer, Wal-Mart now has a definite leg up on its competitors in the very important race to be No. 2 online." As part of the deal, which Wal-Mart expects to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart and Jet.com will maintain separate brands — for now. Walmart.com will stay focused on the company's low price strategy and Jet.com will still provide a curated assortment of products. The acquisition will help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger than its own shoppers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015, sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers and has been growing fast. It has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says it will incorporate some of Jet.com's "smart" technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. It is built on a pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping and adjusts prices based on what items are in the checkout cart, as well as how far the desired products are from the shopper's home. So shoppers are encouraged to add more to build a more efficient cart and buy items labeled "smart cart" for more savings. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, the deal should help accelerate its path to profitability. McMillon said Wal-Mart customers likely will see lower prices and new brands aimed at millennials that have been carried by Jet.com. Wal-Mart customers may also have more control over creating their own basket to save money. "We have some cool ideas on how the two brands can work together over time," he said. As for perhaps merging the two sites eventually, McMillon said Wal-Mart wants to be thoughtful about how it approaches that. "This is about winning over time," he said. Lore cited the benefits of Wal-Mart's purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with Jet.com's team and technology. Jet.com, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. Lore told The Associated Press that he can see helping Wal-Mart with speeding up shipping, among other things. "I'm definitely in this for the long haul," Lore said. He said he was introduced to McMillon this past spring. In its fiscal year ended in January, Wal-Mart had online sales of $13.7 billion, a fraction of its total revenue of $482.1 billion. And its online figure pales in comparison to Amazon.com's annual net revenue of $107 billion. O'Shea noted that Apple.com is the only brick-and-mortar retailer that outranks Wal-Mart in online sales in the U.S. But Wal-Mart reported in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7 percent in the first quarter, weaker than the 8 percent in the previous quarter and far below the 20 percent increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon's Prime program. But while Amazon's Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. O'Shea noted Wal-Mart is "paying a lot" for Jet.com, but it was too soon to say if it overpaid. Shares of Wal-Mart slipped 42 cents to close at $73.34 Monday. Its shares are up 3 percent over the past year. ___ Follow Anne D'Innocenzio on Twitter at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio FILE - In this Monday, May 2, 2016, file photo, Jet.com CEO Marc Lore speaks during an interview in Hoboken, N.J. Wal-Mart announced Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) FILE - In this Friday, June 5, 2015, file photo, Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon speaks at the company's shareholder meeting in Fayetteville, Ark. Wal-Mart announced Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. (AP Photo/Danny Johnston, File) FILE - In this Monday, May 2, 2016, file photo, employees at Jet.com work in Hoboken, N.J. Wal-Mart announced Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angry and upset Justin Bieber has a heated exchange with his security team a minute after he 'punched' a fan in the face Has Brian Friedman confirmed Cheryl's 'pregnancy'? X Factor choreographer claims star is 'having a baby' with Liam Payne That's awkward... My days as a lingerie model! Kelly Brook shows off stunning figure in throwback underwear snap taken 20 years ago  Still a knockout 'Any exercise is better than no exercise': MIC's Louise Thompson gets up close and personal with trainer boyfriend Ryan Libbey in bizarre workout video Catherine Zeta-Jones, 47, sizzles in VERY plunging swimsuit with husband Michael Douglas, 72, as the pair put problems behind them for Mexican break Stuck for Christmas shopping inspo? From a rose gold private plane to an Island in the South Pacific, 10 of the most amazing presents money can buy! SPONSORED Sizzling Joanna Krupa displays her incredible toned physique as she parades around in teeny tiny bikini while soaking up the sun in Miami Beach babe  Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly and his cute son Teddy arrive in Australia as friends and family of I'm A Celeb stars prepare for the show's first eviction  'He'll never say I look fat': Sophie Kasaei shows off her curves in racy lingerie for steamy shoot with Joel Corry... as she gushes about her supportive boyfriend 'It's difficult to talk about': Mariah Carey speaks about James Packer split while putting on a VERY busty display on Ellen Very contentious split She's morphing into Kim Kardashian! Blac Chyna looks like Rob's sister with lighter makeup and long raven locks in new video Keeping up with Kim 'Have a little dignity!': Sam Faiers sparks mixed reaction from fans by sharing sweet snap of herself breastfeeding baby Paul at the table 'I've lost all respect for you': Katie Price faces fan backlash as the animal lover poses in a real raccoon fur coat padded with duck down feathers  Braless Marnie Simpson is seen out for the first time since EPIC meltdown... as she parties with Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei in very sexy mini dress 'It's not even 9pm yet!' EastEnders viewers left squirming at Whitney and Lee's pre-watershed 'cringiest sex scene ever' Uncomfortable viewing  'Happiest birthday to my favorite little angel!' Liam Hemsworth gives Miley Cyrus a quirky rainbow ring after she revealed she doesn't like her diamond Leggy blonde! Charlize Theron flaunts lean limbs in plaid mini dress as she slims down after gaining 35lbs for upcoming comedy Tully Back to her best EXCLUSIVE 'There's never a bad intention with her': MIC newcomer Julius Cowdrey says he never meant to come between Binky Felstead and her beau JP I'm A Celebrity's Scarlett Moffatt reveals she's paid off her parents' mortgage... as show bosses face accusations of 'fix' over her airtime 'I felt like a bully': Emmerdale's Gillian Kearney reveals even SHE was upset at her character's distressing scene with dementia-sufferer Ashley Cosy knitwear like Kendall or fab faux fur like Kate Moss: The snuggliest - and most stylish - ways to keep warm this winter! SPONSORED Look away, Chloe! Marty McKenna packs on the PDA with Geordie Shore newbie Elettra Lamborghini as they hit the town with his former flame Oversharing? Dancing With The Stars judge Julianne Hough posts photo of herself on the TOILET while wearing her massive ball gown Behind the scenes Who's that girl? Cristiano Ronaldo's stunning new girlfriend is a 'Spanish Gucci employee'... and she's already been invited to watch him play 'I was abused when I was EIGHT': Rebecca Ferguson reveals she was attacked in a children's home leaving her feeling 'dirty and wrong' Harry's bagged a great deal! Prince's new girlfriend Meghan Markle was once a glamorous assistant on the US version of Deal or No Deal  James Norton is back in his dog collar as he films scenes for Grantchester series three with co-star Robson Green in Cambridgeshire Sexy mama! George Clooney's ex Stacy Keibler flaunts cleavage in cut-out top while on date with millionaire husband in LA Looking good lNick and Joe Jonas' younger brother Frankie, 16, is cited for possession of marijuana in Nashville Stopped outside a store in Nashville TOWIE's Chloe Lewis enjoys dog walk with her co-stars as she films scenes for Christmas special amid Luke Pasqualino romance rumours Business before the brother-in-law? Rob Kardashian ignores Kanye West's 'psychotic break' and promote his new festive range of socks Brooklyn swoops in on pal Rocco Ritchie's girlfriend Kim Turnbull for a giggly lunch... as Madonna's son is arrested for possessing cannabis Looks like someone is getting grounded': Stony-faced Guy Ritchie steps out after son Rocco, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis Won't be impressed 'I don't understand why it is not okay to be plus-size': Size 22 model Tess Holliday says she has no problem with the phrase as she discusses baby weight  Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, 'hangs around with teens from a council estate and tries to get served in pubs,' neighbours reveal after his cannabis arrest She can't stop, and won't stop changing her hair! As Miley Cyrus celebrates turning 24, FEMAIL charts her most drastic hair make-overs Chameleon  Lauren Goodger works her poses like a pro as she flaunts her 'bigger and better' bum in skin-tight leggings before heading to a work out Her cheekiest look yet 'I've finally admitted it': Susanna Reid declares her love for Piers Morgan... as she's reunited with Bill Turnbull in 'tense' encounter on GMB sofa  Justin Bieber 'PUNCHES fan in the face and leaves him bloodied' in new violent outburst... as it's claimed 'the minor is considering suing him' Suits you! Katie Piper looks chic in an elegant teal velvet trouser suit as she opens the Ideal Home Show It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 'You are not an honest man': Judge slams Marco Pierre-White Jr after he admits going on a £2,500 spending spree with his ex girlfriend's bank card Chloe Ferry copies her idol Kylie Jenner as she flashes double nipple piercings on night out... as her ex co-star Chantelle Connelly labels her a '2 faced ****' Made In Chelsea's Olivia Bentley poses NAKED in the bath... before showing off her toned bikini body in a sizzling throwback snap  Making waves Cristiano Ronaldo puts on a smitten display with stunning new girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez as he goes incognito at Disneyland Paris in a bizarre wig Adele announces two huge gigs at Wembley Stadium in 2017 as a finale to her epic world tour... after announcing plans to have another baby during break All the fun of the fair! Tamara Ecclestone takes adorable daughter Sophia for a very merry day out at Winter Wonderland Festive fun 'They are loving it!' Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield bake up a storm inside This Morning's EDIBLE gingerbread kitchen as viewers go wild 'I feel like a new man': I'm A Celebrity star Martin Roberts reveals how £6k hair transplant transformed his life   Proud of his new crowning glory Former Apprentice star Nick Hewer claims show is manipulated by producers who deliberately pick sexy contestants and those with ridiculous CVs He's got a type! Underworld director Len Wiseman steps out with beautiful brunette... who is estranged wife Kate Beckinsale's doppelgänger It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in November: Festivities come early for Sharon Osbourne and Holly Willoughby as they decorate 5 WEEKS early Madonna's son Rocco Ritchie, 16, is arrested for possessing cannabis after wealthy Primrose Hill 'neighbours complained about him smoking drugs'  'She is being amazing': Kim Kardashian 'very supportive' of husband Kanye West while in hospital... as it's claimed Paris robbery a factor in his 'mental breakdown' Uh-oh! Brooklyn Beckham, 17, can't hide his dismay as he finds a parking ticket slapped on his flashy Mercedes He'll have no problem paying Davinia Taylor auctions contents of her lavish Grade II listed Tudor home - and the incredible private collection includes works by Banksy 'I've grown up in my own skin': Rita Ora flashes her bra and toned tum in leather and faux fur as she reveals the inspiration behind her new album 'I'm not going to sit back': Leah Remini talks fighting Scientology 'bullies' with new docu-series and claims she's been followed since leaving Church Busty Rhian Sugden sheds all inhibitions as she shows off her eye-popping assets by going totally TOPLESS in sizzling video Daring to bare Cha-cha-charming! Busty Amber Rose shows off her famous curves as she returns to Dancing With The Stars with Maksim Chmerkovskiy 'How not to cut butternut squash': Viewers in shock after GBBO's Andrew Smyth almost cuts off his FINGERS while chopping vegetables on Lorraine Michelle Collins has a less than glamorous end to her evening as she has a run-in with homeless man on her way home from London event Throwing the towel-ling: Leggy Sam Faiers wears a dressing gown as a coat on a night out... after falling out with her family over LA move Not her usual gown Holy smokes! Joaquin Phoenix puffs on a cigarette as he relaxes on set with Rooney Mara during a break from playing Jesus Christ in Mary Magdalene Rosamund Pike looks pretty in a shimmering pink jumper as she discusses new film A United Kingdom on Lorraine Moving new role Olympia Valance showcases her stunning curves in sexy lace lingerie and sheer suspender and stockings in VERY revealing photo shoot Kylie Minogue and her matching fiancé Joshua Sasse give empowering message about same-sex marriage as they take to the stage at Aussie music awards Hello, is it tum-me you're looking for! Sofia Richie flashes her abs in stylish crop top as she steps out for dinner with close friend Nicole Peltz Out and about 'They got the perfect angle': John Legend blames red carpet PHOTOGRAPHERS for Chrissy Teigen's major wardrobe malfunction despite her racy dress 'Hey baby, do those legs go all the way up?' Chrissy Teigen laughs off her epic AMAs wardrobe malfunction with hilarious Family Guy meme Ellen DeGeneres comforted by Robert De Niro as she cries after receiving Presidential Medal Of Freedom at star-studded White House ceremony Phil Collins' ex buys the house next door to her for $4m MORE than asking price because she was worried it would be torn down and replaced by a mansion Newly engaged Pixie Lott shows off her incredible figure in extreme plunging green swimsuit and oversized vintage frames in Jamaica   Breast display ever! The Veronicas put on a busty display as they sing TOPLESS and covered in glitter at 2016 ARIA Awards One way to shine The Veronica's Lisa Origliasso reveals INTIMATE details about her sister's relationship with Ruby Rose...while hosting the 2016 ARIA Awards 'Multitasking!': Jeff Lewis does housework while cradling newborn daughter Monroe... as housekeeper Zoila puts her feet up Family time 'We can't get complacent!' Troye Sivan vows to keep fighting for same-sex marriage at ARIAs... as he dedicates his award to 'every LGBTQ kid'  'You just train like an absolute psycho for 20 minutes': Body Coach Joe Wicks reveals how you CAN eat what you want and get the body of your dreams Claudia Schiffer reaches out of court settlement with millionaire neighbour who sued her for cutting down two of his trees in Majorca  Is this to get rid of Ed? Strictly bosses add tricky extra dance to Saturday's show 'in plot to get comedy act Balls booted out' Has fans behind him Horrified Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman are covered in critters in I'm A Celeb task... as poisonous snake attacks camp while they sleep I'm a Celebrity... I've got this! Vicky Pattison poses with baby crocodile at an animal sanctuary... before gushing over beau John Noble in sweet snap 'What are we doing here?' Charlize Theron gets emotional in first trailer for her ex boyfriend Sean Penn's dramatic new film The Last Face  Charli XCX rated! British pop star flashes her bottom in ridiculously short white skirt as stars dare to bare on red carpet at Aussie music awards Is he single? Orlando Bloom is seen with a female friend in Malibu amid rumours he has split from girlfriend of 10 months Katy Perry In good spirits Eugenie and her very happy ring: Princess dons emoji jewellery - but still no engagement band - as she steps out with boyfriend Jack Brooksbank She's a beautiful creature! Lady Amelia Windsor shows off her wild side at the Animal Ball in a lime green feathered mask Looked royally good 'Sorry about the weird end to the show!': Ant and Dec experience awkward technical issue during live I'm A Celebrity broadcast  Cringeworthy moment James Jordan arrives Down Under to support Ola on I'm A Celebrity... as he admits he wants jungle life to get 'hardcore' for his wife Living luxury close by Shirtless Jordan Banjo displays his athletic physique and rippling abs in I'm A Celeb jungle shower... after mum speaks out on his 7st weight loss 'Is Martin okay?' Viewers voice their concern for property expert Roberts as he hilariously 'comes out' as a tree hugger on I'm A Celeb Kylie Jenner, 19, and beau Tyga, 27, smooch on camera as teen reality star throws a Friendsgiving dinner for pals Amid Kanye drama 'I had to do that as a mum!' The Duchess of Cambridge puts a comforting arm around mother as son, 13, told Kate of his struggle with autism at charity event Robbie Williams puts on a cheeky display at 2016 ARIA Awards... after admitting that despite being sober for 17 years the event might 'break him' Feeling nippy? Actress Sophie Monk suffers an unfortunate nip-slip in semi-sheer bejewelled silver frock at 2016 ARIA Awards red carpet Sheer faux pas Hitched! Corey Feldman marries girlfriend Courtney Anne in Vegas ceremony... two weeks after popping the question due to deportation fears How low can you go? Sarah Jessica Parker dares to bare in flouncy off-the-shoulder frock for Jimmy Fallon appearance Would Carrie approve? What Kanye crisis? Khloe Kardashian reunites with NBA beau Tristan Thompson in Cleveland to hand out turkey dinners Life carrying on 'Rob and his daughter make me want to cry': Kylie Jenner gushes over snaps of Dream whose mother is her boyfriend's ex One big happy family Bye-bye NY! Kourtney, Khloe and Kris rush back to LA to be with Kim and Kanye as rapper is hospitalized following 'psychiatric emergency' Kardashian clan rush back to L.A. for Kanye's 'psychiatric emergency': Doctors 'feared he'd attack cops who came to hospitalize rapper in cuffs'  Peep show! Mariah Carey flashes her cleavage in Instagram promo for Ellen DeGeneres spot Mock-flashed the camera on the show Elizabeth Hurley, 51, wows in plunging silk gown with eagle-inspired fascinator for Animal Ball... yet BFF Patrick Cox is a feathered fail in face-obscuring hat Zoo's that girl? Olivia Grant, Liz Hurley, Lily Cole and Anna Friel get wild in elaborate headgear as The Animal Ball descends on 40 venues across London Cheap thrills! Multi-millionaire Gwen Stefani shops at affordable retail chain Target with her sons One of the biggest rock stars on the planet FBI closes child abuse investigation of Brad Pitt following review of private jet incident with son Maddox and 'will not pursue further' Cleared Dolly Parton looks colourful in tight holiday inspired outfit for premiere of Christmas Of Many Colours in Tennessee Bright young thing Retail therapy! Kylie Jenner shares lingerie snap as she shops for luxury cars while Kanye West remains hospitalized Stunning Baby, it's cold outside! Jessica Biel takes one-year-old son Silas shopping for winter coats in chilly New York Made sure to be prepared for winter She's got a flare for fashion! Lady Gaga resurrects the '70s in bell bottoms and platforms while out and about in New York Retro vibe Oh deer: Danish royals Princess Mary and Prince Frederik bring their five-year-old twins to inspect slain deer at annual hunting parade  Part of their tradition Tears of terror: I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek and Jordan Banjo are overcome with emotion as stars are locked into boxes full of snakes, rats and bugs Crop at the shops! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat stomach in skimpy top as she goes on spree in Beverly Hills More clothes than usual 'Things are really heating up': Louis Smith has been secretly 'dating Lucy Mecklenburgh lookalike and Strictly tour dancer Florence Edge' Learning from the best! Miley's little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first music video for Make Me (Cry) Her dad did have an achy breaky heart Chantelle Connelly flaunts her enviably toned body in a sexy bandeau bikini as she enjoys a day of pampering... following fiery Geordie Shore exit Real Housewives of New York star Bethenny Frankel says she's the victim of fraud and malpractice in suit over botched trust with ex Jason Hoppy  'Actually I prefer Batman': Spider-Man Tom Holland laughs off criticism from a young fan as he joins Zendaya to visit children's hospital The big cover up! Jennifer Aniston touches down in LA under a large floppy hat and coat...after talking sex toys on UK television American rapper Mos Def FINALLY allowed to leave South Africa after being detained TEN MONTHS ago for using 'World Passport' Broke immigration laws 'He's not flirty': Adam Thomas' fiancée Caroline Daly defends I'm A Celeb star against claims he's getting close to model Lisa Snowdon in the jungle Double nipple rings! Kylie Jenner slyly exposes her new piercings in sheer lace bra as she copies sister Kendall Racy shoot Free Mason! Scott Disick lets his boy off the leash as they go for casual meal together in Beverly Hills A son always sees his father of as a role model Engaged! Rapper Gucci Mane pops the question to girlfriend of six years Keyshia Ka'oir with a 25 CARAT diamond ring on NBA kiss cam 'He's an angel baby': Pregnant Ciara weeps at bedside of terminally ill toddler during hospital visit with NFL star husband Russell Wilson Overcome with emotion Carrie Fisher bundles up for the cold as she arrives at book signing... after revealing she was sent to FAT FARM to play Princess Leia in 1977's Star Wars That's one way to show support! Kourtney Kardashian arrives back in LA wearing Yeezus harem pants as Kanye West remains hospitalised Scarlet siren Myleene Klass stuns in floor-length gown as she goes hand-in-hand with boyfriend Simon Motson at star-studded Save the Children Winter Gala The seldom-seen Delevingne! Poppy rocks neon lace while spotlight-shunning sister Chloe wows in sexy plunging gown at Save the Children gala Braiding love! Leona Lewis goes make-up free with sleek dual plaits as she indulges in retail therapy in Beverly Hills She's a natural beauty Jodie Kidd shows off her slim figure in a cream laser-cut skater dress as she celebrates Fundraiser Of The Year accolade at Just Giving Awards EXCLUSIVE: Leonardo DiCaprio's model ex Kendal Lee Schuler  is pregnant with first child... after unveiling baby bump during sunbathing session Jeremy McConnell makes rare public appearance at Allied screening... days after vowing to NEVER get back with pregnant ex Stephanie Davis Kanye West gives strange interview with Surface magazine ahead of being hospitalized for exhaustion and cancelling concert dates Where are North and Saint? Kim Kardashian and Kanye West's children 'under care of nannies' amid rapper's mental health emergency 'I want to be back here!' Ireland Baldwin shares racy swimsuit snap as she waxes nostalgic over Hawaiian photoshoot Sunny climes  It's a boy! Peter Andre and his wife Emily MacDonagh are 'extremely happy' after welcoming a healthy son into their growing family Good news Anna Friel is regal in an extravagant bird headpiece and ivory gown as she joins Ellie Goulding and Princess Eugenie at The Animal Ball 2016 Pregnant Marion Cotillard masks her burgeoning baby bump in plunging black gown as she joins Allied co-star Brad Pitt at Madrid premiere SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: I say, there's a Bentley in the bath! Made in Chelsea's Olivia shares a naked picture of herself Racy Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio works up a healthy sweat as she shows off her toned tummy in a sports bra after a workout in Los Angeles November 30 Rita Ora rocks a leather jacket and ripped jeans as she makes a low-key landing into Heathrow fresh from the set of her new movie Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna 'hurls a BOTTLE at crowd of rowdy revellers' as he's jeered off stage during appearance at Newcastle nightclub Ellie the elephant! Goulding sports a lavish pom pom embellished headdress and plunging gold gown at star-studded Animal Ball 2016 in London 'I think he's exhausted': Kris Jenner talks of 'tired' Kanye West... as it's revealed rapper 'hadn't been himself for a while' before hospitalization Separate addresses? Kim Kardashian 'moved into mother Kris Jenner's Hidden Hills mansion when Kanye began his Pablo tour' What's going on? Jo Wood and burly builder ex Paul Scarborough continue to fuel rumours of romantic reunion as they get cosy while attending bash together The real stars of The Crown: No, not the actors but the 20,000 costumes designed with obsessive attention to historic detail - and cost be damned Petra Nemcova cuts a flirty figure as in a perilously plunging top and feathered skirt as she party hops in London Model behaviour Charlotte McKinney shows off her ample cleavage in high waisted jeans and skintight top as she catches a flight out of LAX Simple style So good she bought it twice! Duchess of Cambridge dazzles in £995 cocktail dress at children's charity (SAME one she wore in red on in Canada)  Are they or aren't they? Bachelor vet Ben Higgins talks wedding plans with Lauren Bushnell AFTER announcing their engagement is off Anaïs Gallagher shows off her rock chick credentials in bold neon pink shirt with studded biker jacket at Design Museum bash  Edgy style Lily Cole makes extremely rare red carpet appearance with partner Kwame Ferreira in support of The Animal Ball 2016 Date night 'My big crush was Alyssa Milano': Justin Timberlake reveals he had a poster of the Who's the Boss star on his wall as a kid during new interview  Harry's girl Meghan Markle says she wants to smash glass ceilings rather than having 'glass slippers' - even though she is dating a prince Jenni Falconer shows off her sensational curves in bold fuchsia gown as she wows at star-studded hair extensions bash Think pink 'I feel like it was our version of The Notebook': Jennifer Lawrence reveals she and BFF Emma Stone texted every day for a year Foxy Lady! Vogue Williams shows off her peachy posterior in a tiny black bikini... after 'going public with thespian beau Lawrence Fox' Back to work! Original Heathers star Shannen Doherty shares first photo on the set of the TV reboot as she continues to battle cancer Donna Air is dazzling in a pleated gold lamé gown as she joins beau James Middleton at The Animal Ball... after admitting she wants more children 'Nothing compares to you': Sofia Vergara celebrates first anniversary to Joe Manganiello with photos from their lavish wedding Is Adele's Australian tour in jeopardy? As tickets are refunded and the singer announces she is 'going to have another baby' fans begin to worry Suits you! Olga Kurylenko opts for flirty and feminine lace dress while Eva Herzigova nails masculine chic as they attend star-studded museum bash Jade Fur-wall! Little Mix singer steals the limelight from bandmates in tiny gold dress and luxurious red coat as she arrives for radio interview in Paris Hot to trot! Make-up free Kaley Cuoco leaves yoga class wearing a towel as a skirt and Uggs ahead of first Thanksgiving with equestrian beau The way we were! Shia LaBeouf swings by Jimmy Kimmel Live! where he is gifted commemorative plates depicting all his past appearances Carrie Fisher reveals she was sent to a FAT FARM before appearing in 1977's Star Wars because 'they didn't want all of me, just part of me' 'It's my embarrassment, not his!' Martine McCutcheon insists she DID vomit in Mick Hucknall's hair during disasterous date 'No one was a fan of the theme song': Jennifer Aniston reveals Friends cast disliked I'll Be There for You... as she admits dancing in fountain felt 'odd' Kourtney and Khloe Kardashian stop by Tommy Hilfiger's NYC offices day after their brother-in-law Kanye West is hospitalized Business as usual 'My dad was way more strict than my mom': Kendall Jenner shares flashback photo when Caitlyn was Bruce while revealing parenting styles 'Fading fast': Lightning McQueen crashes and flips in new teaser for Pixar's big budget upcoming animated sequel Cars 3 Coming soon Louise Redknapp jokes she's feeling the pressure to have a baby after dancing with Strictly's 'fertility king' Kevin Clifton    Takes two to tango Namaste! Jennifer Garner looks refreshed while leaving a yoga class in LA after more claims she is back with Ben Affleck Happy and healthy 'I used to resent them but now I feel extremely empowered': Anastacia reveals her mastectomy scars for the first time as she poses naked for stunning new shoot A natural! Rihanna has fun as she gets behind a long lens camera on the New York set of all-female Ocean's Eight film  Picking up tips Lostprophets singer Ian Watkins 'tweets from prison' where he is serving 35 years for hideous sex offences including trying to rape an 11-month-old baby Alexa Chung chats away on her mobile phone as she steps out in a stylish shearling jacket for solo stroll through the streets of New York Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to footer Help using this website - Accessibility statement afr Search afr AFR News More Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports RBA Interview Series Business More Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business More Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets More Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate More Commercial Residential Opinion More Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Technology More Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance More Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs More Portfolio Management Leadership More Management Careers Innovation Entrepreneur Workplace BRW Lists Lifestyle More Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars Bikes & Boats Health Home Design All More News Politics Policy Economy World Special Reports Rear Window Business Banking & Finance Mining Energy Telecommunications Retail Transport Media & Marketing Accounting Legal Small Business Insurance Infrastructure Health Construction Tourism Manufacturing Agriculture Environmental Services Sport Gambling Markets Equity Markets Debt Markets Currencies Commodities Derivatives Market Data Street Talk Real Estate Commercial Residential Domain Prestige Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Technology Mobiles & Tablets Gadgets Apps Web Social Media Gaming Cloud Computing Enterprise IT Technology Companies Personal Finance Shares Managed Funds Fixed Income Trusts Banking Budgeting Tax Insurance Specialist Investments Superannuation & SMSFs Leadership Management Careers Company Culture Innovation Entrepreneur BRW Lists Lifestyle Travel Food & Wine Fashion Watches & Jewellery Arts & Entertainment Cars, Bikes & Boats Health Home Design The Australian Financial Review Magazine Luxury The Sophisticated Traveller My Saved Articles (0) Done Select All Remove News My Saved Searches 0 Done Select all Delete Home Technology Web eCommerce For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser. Aug 9 2016 at 8:32 AM Updated Aug 9 2016 at 3:02 PM Save article Print Wal-Mart pays $US3.3b, record sum, for Jet.com as it goes big into e-commerce Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Wal-Mart' is one of a number of major US corporations to comment to renewable energy targets. Luke Sharrett by Leslie Picker and Rachel Abrams Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, is buying Jet.com, the year-old online bulk retailer, for $US3.3 billion ($4.3 billion), the largest deal ever for an e-commerce company. The purchase, and a shuffling in the executive ranks that comes with it, are Wal-Mart's clearest acknowledgments yet that its online strategy is not working. It also sends a strong message to the rest of the consumer and retail industry: When it comes to competing against Amazon, not even the mightiest brick-and-mortar stores can go at it alone. "The other retailers are going to be looking up to it and saying, 'You know, absolutely, we've been failing at doing this,'" said Jharonne Martis, a retail analyst at Thomson Reuters. "Bringing in an expert might be the key to it." Overall, Wal-Mart's e-commerce sales have stalled. The online business grew just 7 per cent last quarter, a number that Doug McMillon, the company's president and chief executive, acknowledged at the time was "too slow." Most recently, the company has focused much of its online strategy on expanding its curbside grocery pickup business. Jet is perhaps best known for an algorithm that encourages bulk buying, an area where Walmart.com has fallen short and could energise its sagging online growth. Related Quotes 5 years 1 Day Last updated: Updating... Last updated: Updating... View full quote Company Profile ASX Announcements Expand ASX Announcements View all announcements 400,000 new users Wal-Mart said Jet offered it access to "urban and millennial customers," two groups that the retailer's large rural footprint has been slow to attract. Wal-Mart said on Monday that Jet had added more than 400,000 users monthly. Jet says it uses a complex formula to offer items 10 to 15 per cent less than competitors by adjusting prices based on the quantity of products bought at once. The company relies heavily on suppliers, and Wal-Mart offers more pricing power and potentially better distribution operations through its vast network of warehouses across the country. Still, the $US3.3 billion figure is eye-popping, given that Jet.com started selling products barely a year ago. Wal-Mart is not valuing Jet.com solely based on traditional metrics like profitability, which the startup does not have. The retailer is spending billions in cash and stock in large part for something or someone else: Marc Lore. Lore, a serial e-commerce entrepreneur who started Jet.com, is seen as one of the few executives who can help put a dent in Amazon's edge. "If you looked at Jet from a fundamentals perspective, the company wouldn't be worth what they're paying for it," said Anand Sanwal, chief executive of CB Insights, a research firm covering venture capital. "They're trying to inject Marc and probably some of the veterans on his team, and try and help Wal-Mart figure this out." Lore, 46, will take over responsibility for Walmart.com in the United States and will continue running Jet, which will operate separately, McMillon said in a call with reporters. Wal-Mart will be "thoughtful" about how it merges the two companies, and will focus on expanding both brands in the short-term, he said. 'Innovative business models' Lore will replace Wal-Mart's current top e-commerce executive, Neil Ashe, who will leave the company. McMillon said that now was the "natural inflection point" for a leadership change and praised Ashe for doing an "outstanding" job building the company's online business. Lore co-founded a company, Quidsi, that grew into a collection of e-commerce websites, including Diapers.com and Soap.com. The company was sold to Amazon in 2010 for more than $US500 million. He stayed at Amazon for two years, then left to figure out a new project. Investors lined up to back Lore on his next venture, Jet.com. He raised more than $US200 million before the company sold a single product, and more than $US500 million overall. In the latest funding in November, the company was valued at $US1.5 billion, according to data compiled by CB Insights. He is seen as someone who can bring a unique approach when it comes to e-commerce, according to Adam Silverman, an analyst at Forrester, a research firm. "Marc has been a creative force within the industry, creating pretty innovative business models, including Jet.com," Silverman said in a phone interview. "He's proven that he can create businesses from scratch, and Wal-Mart needs a bit of that entrepreneurship within their e-commerce business." Under the terms of the deal, Wal-Mart will pay $US3 billion in cash, a portion of which will be distributed to Jet.com stakeholders over time, while $US300 million will be paid in Wal-Mart stock over time, according to a statement released by the companies Monday. Wal-Mart said that while it would incorporate some of Jet's ideas and talent into Walmart.com, Jet would remain a separate brand, too. Yet both sites will continue to face a daunting reality: Amazon.com continues to wallop the competition. Amazon does more business online than any other retailer, yet still reports double-digit growth. In 2015, Amazon reported that net product sales rose 13 per cent to $US79.3 billion, while Wal-Mart reported that global annual e-commerce revenue had risen 12 per cent, to $US13.7 billion, in its latest fiscal year. For Wal-Mart, buying Jet may not be about beating Amazon at its own game, according to Charlie O'Shea, the lead retail analyst for Moody's. "We view this as a race for second," O'Shea said. "Amazon's lead is so great that it's going to be virtually impossible to catch them, but you can compete with them." The New York Times Share Share via Email Share on Google Plus Post on facebook wall Share on twitter Post to Linkedin Share on Reddit Advertisement Advertisement Commercial Real Estate Related articles Retailers with the most to fear from Amazon Pies, quiches maker Temptation Bakeries sold Beston Foods calls proxy advisers 'lazy' Stone & Wood jumps into 'comb-over' gap One music streaming site is always No. 1 in China Latest Stories ASX poised to slip, miners steady 39 mins ago What you need to know about new super rules Westpac gets another shot at Australia's biggest banking contract Advertisement Luxury gifts with the Midas touch Fashion to make you bloom for summer The best 20 wines of 2016 Cartier takes a shine to Australian market Rare diamonds in a remote place Where the business crowd meets in Paris Why women shouldn't be called 'guys' Why you should start charging for your data Bloomberg, Goldman, which would you work for? How Ahmed Fahour delivers innovation Collins Street oil painting of 1887 breaks artist's record Build resilience and become the custodian of calm Hong Kong hotel evokes Nordic mists Tour the outback in R.M.Williams' footsteps How accepting a stranger's invitation paid off Special Reports Small businesses adapting to lower $A Judging how low the yen can go Trading the DAX and euro Fallout from Trump limited so far Airwallex chipping away at major players © Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Ltd Privacy Terms & Conditions of Use Contact Us FAQ Experience afr.com free for 1 month Enjoy unlimited access to Australia's best business news and market insights across desktop, tablet and mobile Find out more Already a subscriber? Log in Close You have left for this month. For unlimited access upgrade to Premium Digital Find out more Close
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Crews adorn Esther Short tree with 11,000 bulbs for Friday ceremony Police investigate body found along Columbia River in Vancouver Deputies investigate strong-arm robbery in Hazel Dell parking lot Firefighters rescue woman from mobile home fire Two arrested following Hazel Dell armed robbery Woman’s engagement ring stolen at Macy’s Black Lives Matter meet, discuss goals with schools Police Activities League gives holiday food baskets Portland man’s conviction overturned Man gets 20 years for kidnapping, assault David Madore buys Living Hope Church for $4.7M Madore Properties, an LLC owned by David Madore, has purchased Living Hope Church for $4,746,700. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Twin Harbors beach to open for razor clams Spike elk hunters face longest odds Petersen blends in while building up UW RBs play key role in WSU’s Air Raid Porzingis, Rose help Knicks edge Blazers, 107-103 Skyview football team is turning early losses into postseason victories Mount Hood Meadows anticipates Friday opening Apple Cup ranks high East County Jets headed to Pop Warner National Championships Community scoreboard 11-21 Spike elk hunters face longest odds Most discriminating sportsmen in Eastern Washington come from the humble ranks of general tag holders Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Keeping politics off Thanksgiving menu Singletary: Getting a grasp on mutual funds U.S. existing home sales climb to highest since early 2007 Dow passes 19,000 as drive continues Clark County adds jobs in October, labor market improves AT&T defends free data to skeptical regulators Pilot strike threatens Amazon’s routes Open house in Tacoma invites LNG conversation Clark College targets manufacturing, region’s needs Brunell: Despite turmoil, Americans are blessed Keeping politics off Thanksgiving menu CHICAGO — When Mary Mitchell gathers with family for Thanksgiving, she plans to enjoy cooking with her sister a satisfying… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Sidewalk a stumbling point in west Vancouver ‘To die at home’ isn’t as simple as it may sound Everybody Has A Story: Thanksgiving meal prep a family affair, wonderful memory James Corden to host 59th Grammy Awards The cranberry sauce upgrades: Figs, and a swig I wasn’t bowled over by soup for the holiday — until now Give an ethnic seasoning to your Thanksgiving side dishes Herby biscuits with a pedigree I can relate to A mixed-up salad that fits our feast Salted Caramel Sauce an easy treat ‘To die at home’ isn’t as simple as it may sound The blessings and curses of families are not limited to holiday gatherings, graduations, weddings and funerals. They also exist at… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Homelessness Hinders Cepeda: Minority writers have more to say than diversity tales Letter: Trump destined for disaster Letter: America hired an amateur Letter: Trump resistance will persist Letter: Homeless are punished enough Letter: No right to riot Letter: Republicans should live up to word In Our View: Dissent Is U.S. Tradition Sowell: Non-thinking progressives preoccupied with the past Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 20-26 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Sidewalk a stumbling point in west Vancouver Everybody Has A Story: Thanksgiving meal prep a family affair, wonderful memory Applause Tell us about your extravagant Christmas lights, decorations You Can Help Ridgefield students celebrate Veterans Day Hathaway Elementary School looks to limit absences Local Daughters celebrate 70th anniversary Harvest of Month brings hummus to school Students dance for Parents Together Organization Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Wal-Mart buying Jet.com for $3B Deal underscores push for gains online Reusable shopping bags are offered for sale at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market. (Associated Press files) By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO, Associated Press Published: August 8, 2016, 4:25 PM A   A NEW YORK — Wal-Mart is buying fast-growing online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, scooping up a newcomer that launched a year ago with the intention of challenging online leader Amazon. The hefty price underscores how Wal-Mart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively for younger and more affluent customers as it has seen its online business growth slow, even with big investments in distribution centers and expanding services. As part of the deal, Jet.com co-founder and CEO Marc Lore will oversee both that site and walmart.com, and will report to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Lore brings to the role a rich e-commerce resume as founder of Quidsi, the parent of Diapers.com, which was bought by Amazon for $500 million in 2010. Analysts say the acquisition still won’t enable Wal-Mart to catch up to Amazon in sales, but it will help narrow that gap and should widen the distance between Wal-Mart and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com of making it on their own in a sphere Amazon dominates with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups, with Hudson’s Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchasing flash-sales site Gilt Group and Bed, Bath & Beyond buying One Kings Lane. While not a startup, Wal-Mart itself announced in June that it announced it was forming a partnership with JD.com in China to bolster its presence in that market. “This acquisition in tandem with its joint venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Wal-Mart is attacking online retail with significant zeal,” said Moody’s lead retail analyst Charlie O’Shea. “As we believe ‘catching’ Amazon online is an unrealistic goal for any brick-and-mortar retailer, Wal-Mart now has a definite leg up on its competitors in the very important race to be No. 2 online.” As part of the deal, which Wal-Mart expects to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart and Jet.com will maintain separate brands — for now. Walmart.com will stay focused on the company’s low price strategy and Jet.com will still provide a curated assortment of products. The acquisition will help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger than its own shoppers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015, sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers and has been growing fast. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Walmart buying Jet.com; Twitter slims down; Snapchat, NBC deal Walmart buying Jet.com; Twitter slims down; Snapchat, NBC deal Monday, 8 August 2016 Walmart buying Jet.com; Twitter slims down; Snapchat, NBC deal Jet.com stakeholders will get $3 billion in cash, a portion of that to be distributed over time, and $300 million in Walmart stock over time, the companies said Monday. Walmart has key e-commerce offices in San Bruno. Twitter may be getting some company at its landmark Mid-Market headquarters in San Francisco. Marketing materials show that the social media company is listing more than 180,000 square feet for sublease at its headquarters as the company continues to struggle in its efforts to expand its advertising base and increase users. Twitter is San Francisco’s second-largest tech employer after Salesforce. Singing is a Snap series that add to what it broadcasts on the TV network. will start things off with a five-episode Snapchat series beginning Aug. 22, letting users submit singing videos that will be judged by coaches The Daily Briefing is compiled from San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: WSJLive - on August 8, 2016< > Embed Wal-Mart: Can Jet.com Buy Jump-Start Its Online Business? 03:43 Wal-Mart will buy online retailer Jet.com in a $3.3 billion cash and stock deal, the largest-ever purchase of a U.S. e-commerce startup. WSJ's Rolfe Winkler has detail on Lunch Break with Tanya Rivero. Photo: Getty You Might Like Recent related news Best Buy shares up before bell, Wallmart’s bullish news sidetrackedThe US retail sector was hot on Thursday after upbeat reports from Best Buy (NYSE:BBY) and store giant Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT). The electronics retailer Best... Proactive Investors 6 days ago - Business Wal-Mart's profit falls but beats estimates; revenue missesWal-Mart is reinventing itself to be more nimble as it fights off competition from online leader Amazon.com and other rivals. The company told investors in... SeattlePI.com 6 days ago - BusinessAlso reported by •The Next Web Now, Twitter goes the Snapchat way, introduces QR code to follow usersTwitter is trying really hard to get your attention, and that of its investors. If 140-characters weren’t enough, Twitter lets you add photos and videos. When... BGR India 6 days ago - Technology Other recent news in Business Business cheers AUTUMN STATEMENT as Chancellor Philip Hammond does his best to ignore Brexit elephant in room PHILIP HAMMOND opens his first Autumn Statement Google aims to tackle BLACK FRIDAY crush German car chief Matthias Wissmann warns over BREXIT Judge blocks Obama-administration rule extending OVERTIME pay THOMAS COOK shares jump to post-Brexit high despite 'difficult year' TWITTER CEO banned from TWITTER More THANKSGIVING Day shoppers expected nationwide, on LI Here are the airports that could cause you the most headaches this travel SEASON Pilots at Germany's LUFTHANSA launch 2-day strike Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Betsy DeVos Barack Obama Kanye West José Mourinho Current Topics Nikki Haley Thanksgiving Day Thomas Mair Day Parade Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Is Netflix's Streaming Crown About To Be Stolen? Tired Of Movie Remakes? Here's One That's Going Nowhere The Minecraft Movie Is Happening - With a Familiar Lead Tony Blair Thinks 'Jeremy Corbyn Is a Nutter' So He's Returning To Politics MOVIE REVIEW: A Street Cat Named Bob The 'Snooper's Charter' Swoops Into The UK: Will You Be Affected? 7 in 10 firms planning to increase or maintain innovation spending in light of Brexit - CBI survey The Mystery of London's KILLER FOG has just been solved Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Internet Retailer Go to Top500Guide.com Account Logout Register Sign in Cart (0) Search This Week's Top Stories E-Retailers Omnichannel Mobile Marketing Technology Charts + Data Articles By Category E-Commerce Sales Top 500 U.S. E-Retailers Second 500 U.S. E-Retailers Web-Only Merchants Retail Chains Consumer-Brand Manufacturers Catalogers Top 500 European E-Retailers Top 500 Chinese E-Retailers Top 500 Asian E-Retailers Top 500 Latin American E-Retailers E-Commerce Leaders Latest E-Retailers News Battling screens, department stores change tactics Holiday strategy for department stores includes more in-store promotions and unique products. Read Now Amazon Prime memberships continue to climb Thanksgiving weekend web sales will grow, but by how much? Barnes & Noble hires a Staples veteran ﻿Early holiday shopping sales lift LeftLane Sports Shoppers say they’ll spend more during the Thanksgiving weekend All E-Retailers News From The IR Blog David Jones / E-Commerce Bracing for the next DDoS attack About 20 of the 50 top online retailers were impacted by the ... Posted 11/22/2016 2:16 PM 0 Ask The Experts What are the current trends in the Hardware Industry? Hardware & Home Improvement is one of the areas where web sales are growing rapidly. Don Davis See this answer and More Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Articles By Category In-store Pickup Ship From Store In-store Marketing Omnichannel Technology Omnichannel Consumer Trends Omnichannel Strategy Latest Omnichannel News Target now ships online orders from more than 1,000 stores In Q3, online sales increased 21% year over year and accounted for ... Read Now Kohl’s focuses on e-commerce efficiency and in-store pickup Consumers can store loyalty cards in this retail ad aggregator Shoppers who browse retail sites when in stores spend more Giant Bicycle offers online buying in the US for the first time Walgreen web shoppers can ship their order to stores All Omnichannel News Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Articles By Category Mobile App & Site Design Mobile Company News Mobile Device News Mobile Marketing Mobile Performance Management Mobile Sales Mobile Statistics Tablets Mobile Commerce Technology Mobile In-Store Latest Mobile News Retailers prep for this holiday season’s mobile traffic boom Traffic to mobile sites could surpass desktop every day this holiday seasons, ... Read Now Advance Auto Parts speeds ahead on mobile performance Wayfair unveils a virtual reality app for Google’s VR platform What Google’s latest mobile index changes mean for e-retailers Hormel hopes bacon virtual reality videos sizzle Tipsy Elves redesigns with a mobile focus All Mobile News From The IR Blog Courtney Lowenthal / Mobile Commerce Why retailers should track consumers across devices That’s the only way to understand how consumers are moving from discovery ... Posted 11/18/2016 1:55 PM 0 Ask The Experts What are the advantages and disadvantages of pure responsive design versus hybrid? Hybrid means some variation of a site is being decided on the server, before content is delivered. Brendan Falkowski See this answer and More Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Articles By Category Affiliate Marketing E-mail Marketing International Marketing Merchandising and Design Online Marketplaces Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Search Social Media Video/Rich Media Web Advertising Latest Marketing News Google rolls out two new omnichannel metrics Google adds distance and location reports to AdWords reporting tools to help ... Read Now Brands and users can share live videos in Instagram Stories Madison Reed launches an artificial intelligence chat bot Facebook tests a new product-focused ad Facebook finds more miscalculated metrics Pinterest tests autoplay video ads All Marketing News From The IR Blog Timothy Seward / Internet Diary 2016 Internet Trends: quantifying the mobile uprising The widely followed annual Internet Trends report from Mary Meeker documents that ... Posted 08/09/2016 5:05 PM 0 Ask The Experts How can a manufacturer make production descriptions available to retailers that se... I would recommend that you have one description which you use on your own site and offer e-retailers an alternate description. Stephen Spencer See this answer and More Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Articles By Category Supply Chain Vendor Financials Industry Statistics Content Management Customer Service E-commerce Platforms E-Payments & Security Fulfillment/Delivery Marketing Technology Order Management Performance Management Personalization Web Site Analytics Latest Technology News Retailers need to be ready for a social media message surge Sprout Social expects the average merchant will receive 1,780 social media messages ... Read Now Where are the most secure places to shop online? Striking pilots may delay Amazon’s holiday packages More Amazon merchants are fulfilling Prime orders themselves USPS package volume will jump 12% this holiday season Why Shoe Carnival no longer worries about chargebacks All Technology News From The IR Blog Courtney Lowenthal / Mobile Commerce Why retailers should track consumers across devices That’s the only way to understand how consumers are moving from discovery ... Posted 11/18/2016 1:55 PM 0 Ask The Experts Need help finding a good POS system? Store systems shouldn’t be this hard! Tim Toews See this answer and More Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Charts + Data By Category Sales Mobile Commerce E-Retailers Technology Marketing Consumers Internet B2B E-Commerce About Charts View the latest trends and charts in the 8 e-commerce categories listed below. E-commerce sales by region, sales by product category, holiday data, online spending by shopper and as percentage of household income, and more. Consumers now spend more time with online retail on mobile devices (smartphones and tablets) than desktop and laptop PCs. Read key data on mobile commerce sales, traffic, conversion, devices, marketing and more. Sales and traffic to online retailers by category and merchant type, data on Amazon and other leading e-retailers, comparisons of leading web retailers, site performance data, more. Technology spending plans of online retailers, deployment of technology on e-commerce sites, mergers and acquisitions among e-commerce technology vendors, and more. E-retailer spending by marketing category, leading e-retailers in paid and natural search marketing, social media data, how consumers respond to online marketing. Online consumers by country, age, activity, income; how consumers pay online; data on online shopping patterns. Internet penetration by region, income, age and other factors; web browser market share; time spent on social networks; country rankings by Internet population. B2B e-commerce is larger than retail e-commerce in transaction volume. Read key data on industry sales, trends in marketing and web content, technology investment, and more. Latest Charts Sales U.S. e-commerce sales grows 15.6% in Q3 Mobile Commerce Mobile performance index: November 2016 E-Retailers Amazon orders by hour on Prime Day 2016 Technology Online fraud rates decline Marketing 58% of Top 1000 online retailers send welcome emails Consumers 55% of online shoppers start product searches on Amazon Internet Desktop performance index: October 2016 B2B E-Commerce A massive downturn ahead in jobs for B2B sales reps Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Close Top Stories From This Week Google rolls out two new omnichannel metrics Google adds distance and location reports to AdWords reporting tools to help retailers understand where their store visitors come from. Read Now eBay updates its app with more consumer reviews Vistaprint greets the holiday season with cheer Crate and Barrel launches an online marketplace Home Depot’s omnichannel strategy drives sales ... Black Friday deals in the UK face criticism over pricing A British consumer group finds that some retailers raise prices before Black Friday to make discounts appear steeper. Read Now Groceries and Jet.com help Wal-Mart grow e-comm... Facebook finds more miscalculated metrics Nearly 40% of JCP.com orders are picked up in s... Amazon sues marketplace sellers for alleged fak... Sign up for IRNewsLink and get daily reports delivery to your inbox. Sign Up Now E-Retailers Battling screens, department stores change tactics Amazon Prime memberships continue to climb Thanksgiving weekend web sales will grow, but by how much? Barnes & Noble hires a Staples veteran ﻿Early holiday shopping sales lift LeftLane Sports All E-Retailers News Sponsored by Mobile Retailers prep for this holiday season’s mobile traffic boom Advance Auto Parts speeds ahead on mobile performance Wayfair unveils a virtual reality app for Google’s VR platform What Google’s latest mobile index changes mean for e-retailers Hormel hopes bacon virtual reality videos sizzle All Mobile News Marketing Google rolls out two new omnichannel metrics Brands and users can share live videos in Instagram Stories Madison Reed launches an artificial intelligence chat bot Facebook tests a new product-focused ad Facebook finds more miscalculated metrics All Marketing News Sponsored by 2013 Social Media 300 Technology Retailers need to be ready for a social media message surge Where are the most secure places to shop online? Striking pilots may delay Amazon’s holiday packages More Amazon merchants are fulfilling Prime orders themselves USPS package volume will jump 12% this holiday season All Technology News Previous Next Home/ Marketing/ Online Marketplaces 70439 August 8, 2016, 5:07 PM How Wal-Mart’s Jet acquisition will affect marketplace sellers By Fareeha Ali Research Analyst While marketplace sellers wait to hear from Wal-Mart and Jet about their combination, they have strong opinions on what they’d like to see next. Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s pending acquisition of Jet.com Inc. impacts more than just the two retailers in talks—it also affects the roughly 3,000 merchants that sell on the retailers’ online marketplaces. Wal-Mart on Monday announced plans to acquire 1-year-old online marketplace Jet in a cash and stock deal valued at $3.3 billion. While Wal-Mart is best-known as the world’s largest retailer by revenue and has an online presence that brought in $13.7 billion in sales last year, it also has a much smaller online marketplace business that allows outside merchants to sell on its e-commerce site, similar to business models operated by Jet, Amazon.com Inc. and eBay Inc. Wal-Mart has about 600 retailers and brands selling on Walmart.com as marketplace sellers, Internet Retailer estimates. Jet has more than 2,400 merchants selling on its site. Wal-Mart says Jet will continue to operate as its own distinct brand, for now. Related Articles Online Marketplaces Wal-Mart’s online marketplace picks up sellers and momentum Top 500 U.S. E-Retailers Marc Lore will lead Wal-Mart’s e-commerce efforts Online Marketplaces Wal-Mart’s marketplace now hosts more than 1,000 sellers It’s unclear how the acquisition will affect Wal-Mart and Jet sellers, as neither company has reached out to merchants regarding the deal, but some marketplace sellers say it’s best for their businesses to keep the brands separate. Wal-Mart and Jet make a good couple but should remain separate entities, says Jason Boyce, co-founder and CEO of online sporting goods retailer Dazadi Inc. While the two companies tout their low-priced products, Jet does it “a lot sexier than Wal-Mart,” Boyce says. Dazadi, No. 673 in the Internet Retailer 2016 Second 500 Guide, sells on several online marketplaces in addition to its e-commerce site, Dazadi.com. Online marketplace sales represented 65% of its $16.2 million in revenue in 2015. “Both companies offer low prices, but Jet’s branding ‘makes it OK’ to bargain shop,” Boyce says. “Our preference would be to keep the sites separate. If Jet and Wal-Mart were to combine under the Wal-Mart flag, they would lose a lot of Jet customers,” he says. 52.4% of Walmart.com’s shoppers have an annual household income of $60,000 or less, according to Top500Guide.com data.    In addition, rolling Jet under the Wal-Mart brand may hurt some merchants because of how the Wal-Mart brand is perceived compared with the Jet brand. E-retailer OrthoticShop.com, for instance, only offers some of its inventory on Walmart.com, in contrast to Jet, where it offers its full product assortment. It’s not by choice, though. Some manufacturers of OrthoticShop’s products don’t allow the company to sell their products on Walmart.com, says Matt Behnke, president of the comfort footwear retailer. “There’s still this stigma that Wal-Mart equals ‘cheap,’” Behnke says. “Some manufacturers thinks selling on Wal-Mart cheapens their brand.” OrthoticShop began selling on Wal-Mart this year, and Behnke says there have been a few instances where manufacturers have asked them to take down the manufacturers’ products that the retailer was selling on Walmart.com. This has never happened for any products that it sells on Jet, but it has occurred on other marketplaces such as those operated by eBay and Sears Holdings Corp., he says. OrthoticShop.com brings in about $10 million in sales and generates about 60% of its revenue from its sales on Amazon and about 30% on its own website. OrthoticShop.com’s typical daily revenue from Jet has ranged from $1,000- to 1,800 since it began selling on the marketplace earlier this year. On the other hand, Nathan Gordon, chief information officer of online retailer Christmas Central, says that combining the brands wouldn’t make much of a difference to the e-retailer because the marketplace is still small.  “So much of our marketplace sales comes from Wal-Mart and Amazon alone that if we stopped selling on Jet, our customers would just find our products somewhere else,” Gordon says.   Christmas Central sells its 109,000 SKUs on 11 marketplaces, including Wal-Mart and Jet, and about 75% of its revenue comes through those marketplaces. Wal-Mart’s marketplace sales have outpaced Christmas Central’s sales on Amazon thus far in 2016, Gordon says. The e-retailer of seasonal merchandise, No. 534 in the Top 1000, says it hasn’t found that its customers differ across shopping portals. “When we first started selling on Wal-Mart, they told us that the average order value will be lower than other sites. But we found that customers buy the same items they do on our site and Amazon. They were not afraid to spend $1,000 on Walmart.com,” Gordon says. Wal-Mart’s marketplace has quickly increased the number of merchants in the last couple months, adding 100 new sellers in May and 150 merchants in June, with hundreds more expected to be added by the holidays, Seth Beal, the retailer’s senior vice president of global marketplace, told Internet Retailer last month. Wal-Mart offers 11 million products online and plans to add 1 million items per month to the assortment, primarily through its marketplace, Beal says. In Internet Retailer’s newly released “Online Marketplaces: The shopping mall of the future” report, you can read more about how merchants are growing on marketplaces, which ones they’re selling on, key details of some of the largest marketplaces in the U.S. and what they’re doing to keep up with Amazon. Topics Jet jet.com jet.com inc. marketplace sellers Seth Beal Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Walmart marketplace Walmart.com Next in Online Marketplaces Why Amazon is suddenly swimming in profit Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Today's News Most Popular E-Retailers Battling screens, department stores change tactics to attract shoppers Holiday strategy for department stores includes more in-store promotions and unique products. E-Retailers Amazon Prime memberships continue to climb New estimates peg U.S. Prime consumers at 49.5 million, up nearly 24% from about 40.0 ... Technology Retailers need to be ready for a social media message surge Sprout Social expects the average merchant will receive 1,780 social media messages in need of ... E-Retailers The five-day holiday e-commerce outlook: Sales will grow, but how much? Web sales on Thanksgiving will grow the fastest, but Cyber Monday still wins. See All Headlines See All Headlines Get a Free Subscription to IR leave this field blank to prove your humanity First Name * Last Name * Company * Email * Submit Subscribe to Magazine for Free Subscribe to B2BecNews for Free From The IR Blog David Jones / E-Commerce Bracing for the next DDoS attack About 20 of the 50 top online retailers were impacted by the recent denial of ... Posted 11/22/16 2:16 PM Post a comment Rob Gonzalez / E-Commerce Black Friday and the decline of the one-day sale More consumers are shopping online at their own pace and checking their smartphones when in ... Posted 11/22/16 6:46 AM Post a comment Research Guides Global 1000 Buy PDF $495 Database $2995 Learn More U.S. Top 1000 Buy Database $995 Learn More Online Marketplaces Buy PDF $199 Learn More Luxury E-Retailers Buy Digital $299 Learn More Online Apparel 250 Buy PDF $299 Learn More Online Food Report Buy PDF $199 Learn More Fulfillment & Delivery Buy PDF $199 Learn More Home Furnishing Buy PDF $199 Learn More E-Retail Quarterly Financial Report Buy PDF $99 Learn More Omnichannel Winners Buy PDF $199 Learn More Top 500 Buy Print $199 Digital $199 Bundle $299 Learn More Second 500 Buy Print $199 Digital $199 Bundle $299 Learn More B2B 300 Buy Digital $199 Database $375 Learn More Leading Vendors to the Top 1000 Buy PDF $199 Database $375 Learn More Best Marketers Buy PDF $349 Learn More Best Social Media Buy PDF $129 Database $375 PDF $349 Learn More Best Search Marketers Buy PDF $129 PDF $349 Learn More Best Email Marketers Buy PDF $129 PDF $349 Learn More Mobile 500 Buy Report $199 Database $375 Learn More Europe 500 Buy Digital $199 Database $375 Learn More Asia 500 Buy Digital $199 Database $375 Learn More China 500 Buy Digital $199 Learn More Amazon Prime Day Report Buy PDF $199 Learn More Hot 100 Buy Print $69 Digital $69 Bundle $99 Learn More E-Commerce In Canada Buy Digital $199 Learn More Latam 500 Buy PDF $199 Database $375 Learn More Guide to Website Design Buy PDF $249 Learn More E-Commerce Technology Buy Digital $119 Learn More Previous Next Advertisement E-Retailers E-Commerce Sales Top 500 U.S. E-Retailers Second 500 U.S. E-Retailers Web-Only Merchants Retail Chains Consumer-Brand Manufacturers Catalogers Top 500 European E-Retailers Omnichannel In-store Pickup Ship From Store In-store Marketing Omnichannel Technology Omnichannel Consumer Trends Omnichannel Strategy Mobile Mobile App & Site Design Mobile Company News Mobile Device News Mobile Marketing Mobile Performance Management Mobile Sales Mobile Statistics Tablets Marketing Affiliate Marketing E-mail Marketing International Marketing Merchandising and Design Online Marketplaces Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Search Technology Supply Chain Vendor Financials Industry Statistics Content Management Customer Service E-commerce Platforms E-Payments & Security Fulfillment/Delivery Guides Global 1000 U.S. Top 1000 Database Online Marketplaces Luxury E-Retailers Report Online Apparel 250 Online Food Report Fulfillment & Delivery Home Furnishing E-Retail Quarterly Financial Report Omnichannel Winners Of The Top 500 Top 500 Second 500 B2B E-Commerce 300 Leading Vendors to the Top 1000 America's Best Marketers In E-Commerce Best Social Media Marketers in E-Commerce Best Search Marketers in E-Commerce Best Email Marketers in E-Commerce Mobile 500 Europe 500 Asia 500 China 500 Amazon Prime Day 2016 The World's 100 Most Innovative Web Sites E-Commerce In Canada Latin America 500 Guide to Website Design E-Commerce Technology See all Guides Shop all IR products Connect with IR Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Contact Us Submit a News Tip Submit a Press Release Feedback About Us Advertise Contact Us Free Subscriptions FAQs Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Mobile Version RSS Trending Terms Copyright © 2016 This content is the property of Vertical Web Media ABOUT TRUST ONLINE Internet Retailer “ Online retail is hard, grocery retail is really hard, so online grocery is, of course, really, really hard. ” — Wal-Mart global e-commerce chief Neil Ashe Continue to site Advertisement
Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular Authors Opinion Features Speed Reads 5 THINGS TO KNOW Popular World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Puzzles Newsletters Magazine Shop World U.S. Politics Business Tech Science Arts Books Life Photos Podcasts Video Cartoons Puzzles Newsletters Magazine Authors Shop Menu Subscribe Give a gift Digital subscription Try the Week Magazine Walmart to acquire Jet.com for $3 billion August 8, 2016 Fewer shoppers expected in stores for Black Friday 1:41 p.m. Veterans made up 44 percent of all federal government hires last year 1:23 p.m. Young workers are actually more exhausted by their jobs than older employees 1:19 p.m. Donald Trump appoints Betsy DeVos as education secretary 1:19 p.m. Donald Trump Jr. met with Kremlin supporters before the election to discuss the war in Syria 12:50 p.m. Donald Trump is selling Make America Great Again Christmas ornaments for $149 11:06 a.m. Americans will eat 46 million turkeys this Thanksgiving 10:49 a.m. See More Speed Reads FOLLOW THE WEEK ON FACEBOOK Business Edit Walmart to acquire Jet.com for $3 billion August 8, 2016   Robyn Beck/AFP/Getty Imagesn In the largest-ever deal for an e-commerce startup, Walmart will pay around $3 billion for Jet.com and its pricing software. The deal was disclosed on Monday, with Walmart paying close to $3 billion in cash and $300 million in shares, Reuters reports. Launched in July 2015, Jet.com's software offers customers lower prices as they add items to their cart. "One of the things we really like is that the customer is even more in-charge of the price that they pay," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said Monday during a media call. The company is looking to challenge Amazon, and has already purchased 15 startups over the last five years. Jet.com's revenue is about $500 million, and its founder, Marc Lore, will stay on to run Walmart's new U.S. e-commerce business. Walmart said it plans to keep Jet.com a separate entity from Walmart.com, which will embrace Jet.com's software. Catherine Garcia   Walmart to acquire Jet.com for $3 billion August 8, 2016 sad trombone Edit Fewer shoppers expected in stores for Black Friday 1:41 p.m. ET   iStock Bargain hunters just aren't feeling the same sense of urgency around Black Friday this year. Only 23 percent of U.S. adults say they plan to visit stores on the country's biggest shopping day, Bankrate reports. Those that do venture out, though, are expected to spend more than ever, with median spending at $300 this year, up from $200 in 2014, Fortune writes. Holiday sales are expected to increase by 4.7 percent. Many other shoppers are focused on online deals, or have been purchasing gifts throughout the month. "Two years ago, Black Friday was one day. Last year it was a week-long event. This year it's been a month-long event,” said Shelley Kohan, vice president of retail consulting at RetailNext. "A lot of Black Friday deals are already out there. They've been out there since the beginning of the month." Jeva Lange   Fewer shoppers expected in stores for Black Friday 1:41 p.m. employing vets Edit Veterans made up 44 percent of all federal government hires last year 1:23 p.m. ET   iStock Veterans made up 44 percent of the nearly 120,000 full-time hires the federal government made in 2015, The Washington Post reports. That's in keeping with a larger trend: The share of veterans among new government hires has stayed relatively constant since the Obama administration pledged in 2009 to give former veterans preferential consideration for job openings, with that number hovering around 45 percent for at least the last five years. Some areas of government hired more veterans than others: A full 62 percent of Air Force new recruits last year had military backgrounds, as opposed to 46 percent at the State Department and 21 percent at the Environmental Protection Agency. Due to the special treatment given to former military applicants, some federal offices have seen tensions arise among veteran and non-veteran employees and resentment among non-veterans who don't get the jobs, The Post reports. Some government experts also contend the policy "fails to give the government the best talent in real time." However, efforts to soften hiring advantages — such as a change to a military policy bill pushed by former service member Sen. John McCain — have been shut down thanks to veterans lobbying efforts. Kelly Gonsalves   Veterans made up 44 percent of all federal government hires last year 1:23 p.m. silly millennials Edit Young workers are actually more exhausted by their jobs than older employees 1:19 p.m. ET   iStock Many employers probably assume that younger workers have more energy than their older colleagues, theoretically making youngsters more productive employees. But a recent survey of over 10,000 laborers found more people under the age of 45 (43 percent) say they are exhausted at work than those over age 45 (35 percent). The least exhausted workers are those over 60. The researchers point to the changing nature of people's working lives. The human lifespan keeps increasing — and therefore so do the number of years individuals spend in the workforce as retirement costs add up. That longer working life is dismantling the "traditional three-stage life of full-time education, full-time work, and full-time retirement"; it rarely all happens quite so separately or in that exact order. Now employees of all ages are embracing "a multi-stage life that blends education, exploration, and learning, as well as corporate jobs, freelance gigs, and time spent out of the workforce." That blending of life stages leads to more intergenerational overlap and interaction, with work behaviors and attitudes becoming more "age agnostic." Old stereotypes don't really apply anymore, if they ever did. "When corporations believe that older workers invest less in their knowledge [...] and are on a path to physical decline and exhaustion," the researchers say, "they make the wrong decisions about whom to select, promote and develop, and whom to retire." Kelly Gonsalves   Young workers are actually more exhausted by their jobs than older employees 1:19 p.m. This just in Edit Donald Trump appoints Betsy DeVos as education secretary 1:19 p.m. ET   Donald Trump has appointed Michigan GOP philanthropist Betsy DeVos as education secretary, The Detroit News reports. DeVos, 58, has long been an advocate of expanding charter schools and voucher programs, seeing eye-to-eye with Trump on his pledge to promote school choice. "Betsy DeVos is a brilliant and passionate education advocate," Trump said in a statement. "Under her leadership, we will reform the U.S. education system and break the bureaucracy that is holding our children back so that we can deliver world-class education and school choice to all families." DeVos said she was honored to help "make American education great again." Trump, standing next to Betsy DeVos, puts hand on side of mouth & tells press: "A lot of good decisions being made today." pic.twitter.com/qRSOjshjvW — Vaughn Hillyard (@VaughnHillyard) November 19, 2016 DeVos comes from a family of GOP megadonors who were reserved in their contributions for much of Trump's campaign; her appointment is seen as a nod to establishment Republicans, Politico reports. DeVos supports Common Core curriculum standards, which have been heavily criticized by opponents, including Trump, who called the program a "total disaster" and vowed to get rid of it. Trump has additionally promised to make education "local" as well as to create a $20 billion block grant to expand charter and private school options for low-income students. Jeva Lange   Donald Trump appoints Betsy DeVos as education secretary 1:19 p.m. Russia in Syria Edit Donald Trump Jr. met with Kremlin supporters before the election to discuss the war in Syria 12:50 p.m. ET   Alex Wong/Getty Images The president-elect's eldest son, Donald Trump Jr., met with Russian supporters in Paris last month to discuss how to end the war in Syria, people who took part in the talks told The Wall Street Journal. The talks, held before the U.S. election, were attended by 30 people including diplomats, politicians, and businessmen and were hosted by French think tank founders Fabien Baussart and his wife, Randa Kassis, both of whom have worked closely with the Kremlin on the topic of Syria. President Barack Obama ended talks with Russia on Syria last month when a Russian-backed bombing campaign targeted the city of Aleppo. Russia has been repeatedly accused of committing war crimes in the country. President-elect Donald Trump has argued that allying with Russia and backing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad would be a quicker route to defeating ISIS and stabilizing the Middle East. Kassis said that in her conversation with Donald Trump Jr., she communicated "how we can cooperate together." Kassis also reportedly discussed her conversation with Donald Trump Jr. with senior Russian officials, including the deputy head of Russia's foreign ministry. The foreign ministry did not comment. Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway said in an email to The Wall Street Journal that Donald Trump Jr.'s interactions with Kassis were limited. "Don was addressing a roundtable in Paris, and [Kassis] was present for that talk and at a group dinner for 30 people. This event featured a number of opinion leaders from all over the world who were interested in the U.S. elections," Conway said. Jeva Lange   Donald Trump Jr. met with Kremlin supporters before the election to discuss the war in Syria 12:50 p.m. ho ho ho Edit Donald Trump is selling Make America Great Again Christmas ornaments for $149 11:06 a.m. ET   Donald Trump is not letting the fact that the election season is over stop him from making America great again, one red cap at a time. Launched just in time for the holidays, Trump has debuted his "Red Cap Collectible Ornament," which can be yours for the admittedly not-so-great price of $149. But hey, as steep as that might seem, it's actually a discount — the exact same ornament appears to run $250 on Amazon. Trump fundraiser: $149 #MAGA ornament b/c Trump "loves Christmas & makes a point of proudly saying 'Merry Christmas' every chance he gets." pic.twitter.com/demJ3S3n6B — Sarah McCammon NPR (@sarahmccammon) November 23, 2016 "Get in the Christmas spirit with your very own Make America Great Again Red Cap Collectible Ornament," Trump's website encourages. "Made of brass and finished in 14 karat gold, this ornament is sure to make any tree stand out." It'll stand out, all right. Pick up the gift for mom, pop, or yourself over here. Jeva Lange   Donald Trump is selling Make America Great Again Christmas ornaments for $149 11:06 a.m. happy thanksgiving! Edit Americans will eat 46 million turkeys this Thanksgiving 10:49 a.m. ET   AP Photo/Matthew Mead Thanksgiving is the second favorite holiday of Americans, bested only by Christmas Day. In celebration of 395 years since the Wampanoag Indians launched a delicious tradition by sitting down to share a meal with the Pilgrims, here is a look at American Thanksgiving by the numbers. Jeva Lange Number of pumpkin pies at the first Thanksgiving: 0 Number of towns and townships in the U.S. that have the word "turkey" in their name: 15, including Turkey Creek Village, Louisiana, and Turkey City, Texas. Number of turkeys in the "Presidential Flock": 20 Percent of Americans interested in trying a turducken: 28 Percent of Americans who correctly think pumpkin pie is the best pie: 37 How much worse traffic will be if you try to drive home Saturday rather than Sunday: Up to 40 percent Percent of Americans anticipating political conversation at the dinner table: 45 percent Average cost of Thanksgiving for 10 people: $49.87 Percent of American homes with a dishwasher: 69.3 Percent of American homes with a refrigerator: 99.2 Number of people who attended the first Thanksgiving: Over 100 Average price of a night in a hotel if you're traveling over 50 miles from home: $155 Expected number of home cooking fires: Over 1,000 How many calories you'll probably eat: 4,500 Members of the Wampanoag American Indian tribe, descendants of those who attended the first Thanksgiving: 6,500 in 2010 Anticipated calls to the official Butterball Turkey talk-line: Over 10,000 Number of meals expected to be donated by Blue Apron: 181,196 Number of people who watched the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade last year: 22.3 million Number of people who watched a Thanksgiving Day NFL game last year: 32.5 million Turkeys that will be consumed: 46 million Number of people traveling for the holiday: 48.7 million, the most since 2007 Forecasted weight of all the cranberries produced in the United States this year: 859 million pounds Total weight of sweet potatoes produced in the U.S. last year: 3.1 billion pounds Amount spent on Black Friday deals by Americans: Over $10 billion   Americans will eat 46 million turkeys this Thanksgiving 10:49 a.m. See More Speed Reads More about The Week Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Get 4 Risk-Free issues of The Week TRY IT OUT Subscribe Subscriber login Give a gift Back issues Classroom subscriptions Newsletters RSS Privacy policy Terms & conditions The Week UK Customer service Contact us Ad info
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2016 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Auto Reviews Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Share Your Photos Photo Contests Social Channels Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Create a Profile Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters Text Alerts RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region comments Hammond Wal-Mart knife attack suspect arrested knife attack.jpg The man in this surveillance camera photo is a suspect in the Aug. 2, 2016, attack of a woman in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in Hammond, police said. The woman received minor cuts to the leg and was treated at the scene, according to authorities. On Monday (Aug. 8), David Williams of Georgia was booked in the attack. (Hammond Police Department) Print Email Kim Chatelain, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune By Kim Chatelain, NOLA.com | The Times-Picayune The Times-Picayune Email the author | Follow on Twitter on August 08, 2016 at 5:17 PM comments A Georgia man was arrested Monday (Aug. 8) in connection with the knife attack of a woman outside a Wal-Mart store in Hammond. David Williams, 46, of Ellenwood, was booked with aggravated battery, attempted carjacking and attempted second degree kidnapping, according to the Hammond Police Department. Williams is accused in the Aug. 2 incident at the Wal-Mart Supercenter at 2799 W. Thomas St. At about 11 p.m. that night, a woman who was getting into her car in the parking lot was confronted by a man who blocked her from closing the car door and put a knife to her chest, police said. A witness who was parked next to the woman's car intervened and the man ran away toward U.S. 190. The woman was treated at the scene for cuts. Hammond Police sought the public help to identify the attacker. At about 1 p.m. Monday, police received a tip that the suspect in the attack was walking near South Baptist Road and Old Baton Rouge Highway. Police officers and Tangipahoa Parish Sheriff's deputies responded and sought information from the man, who was identified as Williams. Detectives learned that Williams had been released from prison last year after serving 10 years for armed robbery. He confessed to the incident at Wal-Mart and said he was attempting to take the victim's car to go back to Georgia, police said. follow us Twitter Facebook LInkedIn Google+ Pinterest Tumblr special report The New Orleans Gun Pipeline An exploration of the complex, violent ecosystem that keeps New Orleans criminals armed. Follow continuing coverage » Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth SF moderates win control of Board of Supervisors Oakland mayor says plan to keep Raiders is firming up San Jose woman beats husband to death before killing herself Cops bust alleged brothel near San Mateo City Hall Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Gase talks interviews with 49ers, respect for Jed York Rice game could be last chance to see Christian McCaffrey St. Mary’s breaks away with 18-2 run to beat San Jose State Doctor held on assault charges Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Robots greet Westfield mall shoppers in San Francisco, San Jose Business News Roundup, Nov. 23 China’s Unicorn Booty stake, turkey dinners, Tasmanian whiskey Home sales reach strongest pace in nearly a decade Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Aloe Blacc headlines Union Square tree lighting The latest from Dear Abby San Francisco musicians pay tribute to Leonard Cohen Warren Beatty makes ‘Rules’ worth watching Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating 10 last-minute Thanksgiving restaurant options in San Francisco App launching in SF gives you 30 fancy cocktails a month for a South San Francisco Dunkin' Donuts location confirmed Piecaken takes over the Thanksgiving dessert table Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Ice, Ice Baby: Where to get your skate on How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Madeline Hotel and Residences, Telluride Gear Review: Eagle Creek International Carry-On Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog One bedroom. One bathroom. One set of gymnast rings. $1.1 million Southern deck and period grandeur in SF trilevel Edwardian SF rent down again in October: Here’s what the median 1-BR $650,000 for a historic former chapel turned 4,000-square-foot Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1957 Ford Thunderbird Are smaller, basic trucks even made anymore? An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Get another perspective of the salary issue Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Walmart-buying-Jet-com-costly-Bay-Area-9129926.php Walmart buying Jet.com; Twitter slims down; Snapchat, NBC deal Chronicle Staff and News Services Updated 4:14 pm, Monday, August 8, 2016 Number of the day $3.3 billion That’s how much Walmart will pay in cash and stock for Jet.com, which sells products like groceries, books, jewelry and appliances. Jet.com stakeholders will get $3 billion in cash, a portion of that to be distributed over time, and $300 million in Walmart stock over time, the companies said Monday. Walmart has key e-commerce offices in San Bruno. Tweet retreat Twitter may be getting some company at its landmark Mid-Market headquarters in San Francisco. Marketing materials show that the social media company is listing more than 180,000 square feet for sublease at its headquarters as the company continues its efforts to meet investor expectations and increase its number of users. Twitter is San Francisco’s second-largest tech employer after Salesforce. Singing is a Snap NBCUniversal will soon put together a bunch of Snapchat series that add to what it broadcasts on the TV network. Entertainment Weekly reported that “The Voice ” will start things off with a five-episode Snapchat series beginning Aug. 22, letting users submit singing videos that will be judged by coaches Miley Cyrus , Alicia Keys , Adam Levine and Blake Shelton . Those who stand out could get a chance to sing for the judges live on the TV show’s season premiere. The Daily Briefing is compiled from San Francisco Chronicle staff and news services. See more items and links at www.sfgate.com. Twitter: @techbriefing Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. BAY AREA TRAFFIC Pedestrian fatality shuts down northbound I-880 in Hayward Latest News 49ers slam Santa Clara's 'disturbing trend of frivolous' actions San Jose woman beats husband to death before killing herself Kin of girl killed in North Bay church seek funeral donations Family politics, knives and post-election Thanksgivings Trump taps South Carolina governor for UN ambassador A 5-second video is crashing iPhones and iPads Hate crime charge in El Sobrante slaying of African American man Police: Male UC Berkeley student sexually assaulted in co-op When Thanksgiving goes wrong: Awkward family photos Cyclists take on 50-mile turkey-shaped bike ride through SF 10 last-minute Thanksgiving restaurant options in San Francisco Weekend booking: Black Friday at bookstores Uncounted Calif. votes total more than populations of SF, Oakland Hillary Clinton now leads by 2 million in the popular vote What's the best way to help the homeless? BART police boost holiday presence at crooks’ favorite stations Photographer's haunting deep-sea images reveal rare, odd... Scientists search deep-sea volcano off Hawaii Today's Gate Features Bay Area owners of slain dachshund sue PetSmart Southern deck and period grandeur in SF trilevel Edwardian SF hula troupe, one of the world's largest, in the spotlight SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored The Rolo Travel Bag makes last-minute packing a breeze Go from startup idea to launch with 100+ hours of mentorship... Most Popular 1 Bay Area owners of slain dachshund file lawsuit against PetSmart 2 CNN anchor cuts interview short after guest drops the n-word 3 A short, 5-second video is crashing iPhones and iPads 4 Hate crime charge in El Sobrante slaying of African American man 5 Rose Pak’s body on ice while sisters squabble over estate 6 Texas teacher who had sex almost daily with 13-year-old... 7 Police: male UC Berkeley student sexually assaulted inside co-op 8 Pedestrian fatality shuts down northbound I-880 in Hayward 9 When Thanksgiving goes wrong: Awkward family photos 10 SF’s Coit Tower scene of gunpoint robbery View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2016 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 3 Stocks Billionaires Are Buying A closer look at what the richest are investing in Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article 30 Sneaky Expenses You Forgot About This Holiday Season Don't get taken by surprise My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search M&A To Look For August 08, 2016, 10:18:11 AM EDT By Zacks Equity Research, Zacks.com Shutterstock photo Mergers and acquisitions are taking the early morning headlines to start the new trading week. Walmart  WMT  has closed its buyout of private e-commerce firm Jet.com for $3.3 billion in cash and WMT shares. South African retailer Steinhoff has announced it will purchase Mattress Firm  MFRM  for $3.8 billion. Shares of MFRM has shot up 114% in pre-market trading . The Mattress Firm deal gives the South African holding firm access to the U.S. market, and it is paying a high premium for the privilege at $64 share. The buyout includes the purchase of some debt. Walmart's move helps give the U.S.'s biggest retailer (not counting Amazon [ AMZN ]) a more robust presence in online sales. This buyout had been expected for awhile, and now the other shoe has finally dropped. Walmart is up slightly ahead of the bell. Delta Air Lines  DAL  has experienced a massive computer system outage that has left customers stranded all around the world this morning. Though improvements appear to be forthcoming, already so many cancellations have occurred this morning that Delta has announced there will also be a refund program put into place for any customers whose flights have been cackled or "significantly delayed." Delta shares have dropped a percentage point in the pre-market. Index futures are again in positive territory ahead of today's market open, partly on strength in oil. Friday saw prices rise 2%, and both WTI and Brent indexes are showing oil prices north of $42 a barrel. As we saw when oil collapsed going back to last year, the effect this commodity has on any number of seemingly unrelated industries is staggering. Oil prices staying buoyed above $40 per barrel would indicate a bit of relief for the markets overall, even with the S&P 500 trading at record highs. Q2 earnings season has begun to dwindle as August progresses, but we did see a top- and bottom-line beat from Tyson Foods  TSN this morning. Earnings of $1.21 per share outperformed the Zacks consensus of $1.07, and the large-cap food company also topped expectations on the top line. Shares are up 3% ahead of the opening bell. Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. This article appears in: Investing , Economy More from Zacks.com Subscribe Related Economy Articles Subscribe Look At Thanksgiving 11/23/2016 10:33 AM Federal Reserve Meeting Minutes: Stronger than Oak 11/23/2016 09:35 AM Is OPEC Playing The Oil Markets Again? 11/23/2016 08:20 AM Contributor: Zacks.com Equity Research Follow on: Featured Brokers Compare Online Brokers Most Popular Highest Rated VW to Take Ax To German Jobs -- WSJ Abercrombie & Fitch Co. Q3 Profit Falls 96% Qualcomm Commences Tender Offer For NXP Semiconductors Former Executives Accused In Fraud Against Valeant -- WSJ Russia Blocks LinkedIn -- WSJ 10 Investing Rules You Should Know by Heart Anavex Life Sciences Announces Data on 41-Week Treatment of ANAVEX... How Blockchain Can Help Reduce Money Laundering EXL Appoints Suren Kumar as Global Head of EXL Consulting A Closer Look At Top Interest Rate Hedged ETFs View All Highest Rated Find a Credit Card Select a credit card product by:  Card Type  Credit Score  Card Issuer Select an offer: 0% APR Credit Cards Airline Credit Cards Balance Transfer Credit Cards Business Credit Cards Cash Back Credit Cards Charge Cards Charge Cards for Business EMV Smart Chips Gas Cards & Auto Rewards Home Improvement Rewards Credit Cards Instant Approval Credit Cards Low Interest Credit Cards No Annual Fee Credit Cards No Foreign Transaction Fee Credit Cards Points Rewards Credit Cards Prepaid & Debit Cards Reward Credit Cards Student Credit Cards Top 10 Best Credit Card Deals and Offers Cards for Bad Credit Credit Quality Average Credit Quality Excellent Credit Quality Fair Credit Quality Good Limited or No Credit History Personal Loans Barclaycard Capital One Capital One Cash Back Capital One Fair Credit Capital One Miles Capital One Points Capital One Prepaid Credit Cards Chase Citi Credit Cards Discover Discover Cashback Discover Miles Discover Student Credit Cards MasterCard Credit Cards U.S. Bank USAA USAA Savings Visa Credit Cards Search Data Provided by BankRate.com Stocks Referenced NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX We have a favor to ask Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ E-commerce Mergers and Acquisitions Walmart was the only bidder in $3 billion Jet.com acquisition Competing bidders weren’t why Walmart paid a premium. by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Aug 8, 2016, 5:11pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Jet.com CEO and co-founder Mark Lore Amelia Krales for Recode When news first broke of Walmart’s interest in acquiring Jet.com, the $3 billion price tag was a surprise to many. Why would Walmart pay such a premium for a startup that was unprofitable and just a year old? One hypothesis was that Walmart may have been competing against other bidders for Jet — possibly Alibaba or even Google. Turns out that was not the case, Jet CEO Marc Lore told Recode in an interview Monday afternoon. “This was about trust between Doug and I,” Lore said in reference to Walmart CEO Doug McMillon, noting that the conversations between the two sides began in the spring. “It never occurred to me to go out and get another offer, quite honestly,” he added. A person familiar with the talks confirmed Lore’s account. As part of the deal, Lore will take over as head of Walmart.com in addition to Jet, as Recode first reported Sunday evening. Neil Ashe, Walmart’s CEO of global e-commerce, will depart at the end of Walmart’s fiscal year. In a conference call with reporters, McMillon outlined why Walmart found Jet so valuable. It was a combination of the speed of the shopping site’s growth (a $1 billion annualized sales volume run rate within eight months of launch); the expertise of the exec team led by Lore that is joining Walmart in the deal; and the proprietary pricing and back-end technology that is expected to eventually be used in some capacity on Walmart.com. McMillon also spoke of the “empowerment” of shoppers in Jet’s model; customers earn bigger discounts on bigger orders and can earn additional savings by forfeiting their right to return an item or paying with a debit card instead of credit card. For Lore, the opportunity to join forces with the world’s largest retailer was too good to pass up, he said. It actually almost happened five years ago, but Walmart was outbid by Amazon in the acquisition of Lore’s last startup, Diapers.com parent company Quidsi. “It gives us the benefit of scale, and I’m really excited to carry this vision out over the next five to 10-plus years,” Lore said of the Jet sale. “This is a historic, once-in-a-lifetime opportunity for me and the team.” Both McMillon and Lore said Jet.com will achieve profitability much more quickly under Walmart than it otherwise would have. The startup is currently spending $20 million to $25 million a month on advertising. Lore also disputed the notion that the sale goes against the ambitious plans for Jet he laid out time and time again in the press. “I never once said it had to be a standalone business,” he said. “This is an opportunity to have that vision come to fruition even sooner.” recode_divider More From Recode Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? A credit card hack at MSG gives Knicks fans another reason to despise owner Jim Dolan Twitter reminds everyone it won’t cooperate with government or police surveillance Trending Black Friday isn’t dead. It’s just irrelevant. Amazon has big plans to expand its online tickets business The marketing genius behind Snap’s new Spectacles More in Trending This Article has a component height of 14. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Apple Politics President Trump Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. by Peter Kafka “I think you’re going to do it.” Podcasts Politics Recode Media with Peter Kafka Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Kurson says he’s proud to have voted for Donald Trump, and to work for his son-in-law, Observer publisher Jared Kushner. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China by John Murrell The tool can block posts from appearing in News Feeds based on location. Podcasts Media Politics Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Yes, says one of the few people who might know: Observer Editor in Chief Ken Kurson. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Business Highlights     By The Associated Press August 8, 2016     ___ Delta resumes some service after extended global outage LONDON (AP) — Delta Air Lines struggled to resume normal operations and clear backlogs of stranded passengers Monday after a power outage knocked out its computer systems worldwide. By early afternoon, Delta said it had cancelled 451 flights. Tracking service FlightStats Inc. counted 2,000 delayed flights — about one third of the airline's entire schedule. Delta representatives said the airline was investigating the cause of the meltdown. They declined to describe whether the airline's information-technology system had enough built-in redundancies to recover quickly from a hiccup like a power outage. ___ Wal-Mart buying online retailer newcomer Jet.com NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart is buying fast-growing online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, scooping up a newcomer that launched a year ago with the intention of challenging online leader Amazon. The deal announced Monday shows Wal-Mart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively as it has seen its online business growth slow, even with big investments in distribution centres and expanding services. In June, it announced it was forming a partnership with JD.com in China to bolster its presence in that market. ___ US stock indexes close slightly lower; oil rises A mostly listless day of trading left U.S. stock indexes little changed Monday, hovering just below the record highs they set late last week. Drug company and consumer-focused stocks weighed on the market, while energy companies surged, getting a lift from a pickup in crude oil prices. The slight pullback came as investors took advantage of the milestones reached Friday by the Standard & Poor's 500 index and Nasdaq composite to pocket some gains. Strong U.S. jobs data left traders feeling more confident in the economy heading into this week. ___ Hulu dropping free video as it prepares cable TV alternative NEW YORK (AP) — Hulu is dropping the free TV episodes that it was initially known for as it works on an online television service to rival cable TV. Free episodes — typically the most recent four or five episodes from a show's current season — will be gone from the site within a few weeks. Instead, Hulu is making free episodes available through Yahoo. While Hulu started as a free site, supported by advertising, free video has become increasingly more difficult to find as Hulu tries to lure viewers into a subscription — $8 a month for a plan with ads, and $12 without. ___ Major resort operator buying largest North American ski area DENVER (AP) — Vail Resorts Inc. announced Monday that it was purchasing Whistler Blackcomb Holdings Inc. for $1.06 billion, adding to its aggressive expansion. The deal brings together the largest resort operator in North America and the continent's biggest ski area. It also adds to Vail Resorts' growing portfolio. Two years ago, Vail Resorts bought Utah's Park City Mountain Resort for $182.5 million and merged it with a neighbouring resort. It operates nine mountain resorts and two ski areas in the U.S. and Australia. ___ Some states reach $100M settlement with Barclays Bank ALBANY, N.Y. (AP) — Barclays Bank has agreed to pay $100 million to 43 states and the District of Columbia to settle allegations it improperly set key interest rates almost a decade ago, affecting payments on investments. Monday's settlement includes $93.5 million in restitution and costs of the investigation led by the New York and Connecticut attorneys general. Authorities said that during the global financial crisis from 2007 to 2009 the British bank lowered rates to avoid the appearance that Barclays was in financial trouble. They also said that from 2005 to 2009 Barclays traders requested rates to benefit their trading positions. ___ Reports: Egypt has proposed 18-month reform program to IMF CAIRO (AP) — Three Egyptian newspapers said Monday that Cairo was proposing to IMF delegates an 18-month reform program in return for a $12 billion loan over three years to shore up its economy, but that differences remained between the two sides on how to proceed. The reports by the privately-owned Al-Shorouk, Al-Masry Al-Youm and Al-Watan said the two sides were at odds over the size of a proposed devaluation of the Egyptian pound and the timetable for implementing some of the more politically sensitive reforms, like reducing or removing state subsidies on fuel, electricity and food staples. ___ China's imports, exports fall again in July BEIJING (AP) — China's exports fell again in July by an unexpectedly wide margin while a decline in imports accelerated in a possible sign of weakness in the world's second-largest economy. Exports contracted 4.4 per cent to $184.7 billion, a slight improvement over June, customs data showed Monday. Imports fell 12.5 per cent to $132.4 billion, accelerating from a decline of 8.4 per cent. Weak global demand has hampered efforts to shore up Chinese trade and stave off job losses in export industries. The contraction in imports reflects possible weakness in the domestic economy, but the figures also are depressed by a decline in prices of oil and other commodities. ___ Investor suits against Volkswagen move ahead in Germany FRANKFURT, Germany (AP) — Investor lawsuits claiming up to 4 billion euros ($4.5 billion) in damages against Volkswagen over its diesel emissions scandal are moving ahead in German courts. Investors claim that Volkswagen did not inform them in a timely way of the impending scandal over cars with software that enabled them to cheat on emissions tests in the United States, depriving them of a chance to decide whether to sell the stock. ___ The Dow Jones industrial average slipped 14.24 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 18,529.29. The S&P 500 index dipped 1.98 points, or 0.1 per cent, to 2,180.89. The Nasdaq shed 7.98 points, or 0.2 per cent, to 5,213.14. Benchmark U.S. crude rose $1.22, or 2.9 per cent, to close at $43.02 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, gained $1.12, or 2.5 per cent, to close at $45.39 per barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline slipped a penny to $1.36 a gallon, while heating oil rose 3 cents to $1.34 a gallon. Natural gas fell 2 cents to $2.75 per 1,000 cubic feet.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business Barclays plc Hulu LLC         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   PetSmart® Launches Holiday Philanthropic Collection That Gives Back to Pets and Children in Need Through December 25, and Even More on #GivingTuesday TRUSTECH 2016, The Most Innovative Companies of the Trust-Based Technology Industry Meet in Cannes Fort McMurray Nonprofits Accelerate Wildfire Recovery Efforts with Creative Help from Guelph Academic and Business Community           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Hawkeyes recruiting has hit a bit of a snag All-state volleyball: Charlotte Richards, Marion duo named to 4A first team Johnson County deputy injured; inmate facing assault charge 2-Minute Drill: Nebraska Cornhuskers Gambling commission members cast doubt on Cedar Rapids casino pitch Iowa City police to make full return to schools How not to start a conversation Highway 100 extension opening delayed till December Fun Facts: Nebraska and Iowa, Bonnie and Clyde World’s tallest water slide that killed Kansas boy will be demolished, says amusement park Wal-Mart to acquire Jet.com The $3.3 billion deal will help the chain fight Amazon Video Photo Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. REUTERS/John Gress/Files Bloomberg News Aug 8, 2016 at 3:42 pm | Print View Wal-Mart Stores agreed to buy e-commerce start-up Jet.com for about $3.3 billion, giving the world’s largest retailer the resources for a stronger shopping website to compete with market leader Amazon.com. The deal includes $3 billion in cash and $300 million in shares that will be paid over time, the world’s largest retailer said Monday in a statement. Acquiring Jet.com of Hoboken, N.J., which achieved a $1 billion gross merchandise run rate in a little more than a year, gives Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart a website that processes an average of 25,000 orders a day and is adding 400,000 shoppers monthly. The move is Wal-Mart’s biggest attempt yet to chase down Amazon, which has dominated e-commerce in much the same way that Wal-Mart has ruled brick-and-mortar retail. Wal-Mart already had spent billions expanding its online operation, including hiring thousands of workers, opening two offices in Silicon Valley, and building large e-commerce distribution centers. It also started an annual subscription service similar to Amazon Prime, at half the price, but still trails the e-commerce behemoth in online sales. “Wal-Mart has definitely put its stake in the ground saying, ‘We’re going to be winning in e-commerce,’” said Joseph Feldman, an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group. “Amazon should be concerned about what Wal-Mart is doing.” Jet.com has distinguished itself in e-commerce through “gain sharing” — luring buyers to add items to their orders to reduce shipping costs, and to pay with debit instead of credit cards to reduce transaction fees. Traditional store-based mass retailers such as Wal-Mart, Target Corp. and Costco Wholesale Corp. have been struggling to fend off Amazon’s momentum in online shopping. The deal gives Wal-Mart control over Jet.com’s proprietary technology and its customer database. Wal-Mart’s online sales were about $14 billion last year, 14 percent of Amazon’s product and service revenues of $99 billion. Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said last month that the company’s online operation has taken too long to grow. Your next Business articles Many Eastern Iowa retailers opening door ... Corridor jobless rates fall in October Marcus Theatres to buy Wehrenberg Theatr ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
null
null
Home White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Calendar About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here About Us Editorial Calendar Contact Us Advertise Here Channels Featured Products White Papers Webinars Software Directory Events Channels Customer Experience Digital Experience DAM Digital Workplace SharePoint & Office 365 Web CMS Mobile Document Mgt Can Jet.com (Finally) Get Walmart's E-Commerce Ops Moving? By Erika Morphy | Aug 8, 2016 CHANNEL: Digital Marketing After a week of rumors, Walmart has confirmed that it is indeed buying Jet.com, an e-commerce site headquartered in Hoboken, N.J, that launched in 2014 with high hopes of competing with Amazon. That never happened — and the site has been unprofitable since its launch. On paper, though, it looks damn good. There is Jet.com's unique price model and underlying technology, not to mention the pedigree of its CEO. Briefly, Jet.com's model adjusts prices downward the more people add to their carts. It can do this because it sources its products from all over the country and bases the prices on the customer's location from the source. Thus, Jet.com is able to both save on transportation costs and maximize the cart's total sales. And because the site was built to adjust the prices as the products are added into or subtracted from the cart, it is by necessity lightning fast. Then there is the CEO Marc Lore. Before founding Jet.com, Lore co-founded Quidsi, the parent company of Diapers.com and Soap.com, which was sold to Amazon for $545 million in 2011. He spent two years at Amazon before moving on to launch Jet.com. So while Jet.com may have been unprofitable — and many start ups are — it clearly was valuable enough for Walmart to acquire for the tidy sum of $3.3 billion, $3 billion of which will be in cash, to augment its own online sales operations. Now all that is left for Walmart to do is slip Jet.com into its already extensive e-commerce operations and finally begin to make some headway in this area. Right? Unfortunately, not quite. An Uphill Battle For starters, with any merger or acquisition there is the more-than-distinct prospect that its value will ultimately not be realized, usually because of a culture clash between the two companies. If Walmart and Jet.com — an immense corporate retailer and a fledgling tech start up — are able to make this marriage work it will surely be an M&A studied for years to come. It is also noteworthy that Jet.com's customer base does not align with Walmart's customers, which could be a point in the deal's favor — or a reason why it was unable to meld its practices with Walmart. Jet.com buyers are more likely than other online buyers to have incomes greater than $150,000 a year, according to NPD Checkout Tracking data. It also reports that only a fifth of Jet.com buyers have purchased from Walmart.com in the most recent 6-month period and that Jet.com buyers spent more of their online dollars on Baby Products, Pet Supplies, Home & Kitchen, Tools & Home Improvement and Health & Beauty compared to non-Jet.com buyers. As it happens, Marshal Cohen, chief industry analyst at The NPD Group, sees this mismatch as a plus. The Jet.com acquisition puts Walmart in the bigger game of online retailing of the future and it brings consumers from outside traditional retail, he said.  "Omni channel moves to omni presence." Too Slow But perhaps the biggest headwind facing a successfully combined Walmart.com and Jet.com is the fact that Walmart hasn’t really been able to succeed at e-commerce to date despite investing millions of dollars on cutting edge start ups via WalmartLabs.  It has, over the years, acquired OneRiot,  Kosmix,  Adchemy  and OneOps to name just a few examples. And yet for its first quarter of fiscal 2017, which it released in May 2016, CEO Doug McMillon reported that on a constant currency basis, e-commerce sales grew 7%. That was too slow, he flat out said in the earnings call. "We can see progress against several of the necessary capabilities we need to win in e-commerce but we are still working on a few others. We need them all to come together to see stronger growth," he said. So what exactly is the problem? Two Completely Different Mindsets Joel Citron, director of Advertising Technology at Ai Media Group, a New York City-based digital strategy company, chalks it up to a different mindset between a brick-and-mortar company and an online retailer. "They have very different ways of engaging with the customer," he said. Now here is where Jet.com can clearly help Walmart — it continuously engages with the customer, far more so than Amazon. Every time a customer puts an item into his cart, the site engages with him, Citron told CMSWire. "It will tell you, for example, 'all you need is to buy another $10 to get your total price down to $75.'" Is the secret sauce that Walmart.com has been missing? Possibly, but Citron also agrees that it is unusual for a retailer to have such a huge chunk of the brick-and-mortar sales and such as small percentage of online sales. "Maybe Walmart won't be able to successfully integrate Jet.com in the end," he said. But, then maybe it can. Besides the pricing engine, which automatically builds in engagement as well as maximized cart sales, that $3.3 billion purchase price includes Lore's expertise. Lore will be staying on at Walmart.com for two years as part of the deal.  "He has a great reputation plus those two years at Amazon," Citron said. "If anyone can turn Walmart.com around it is Lore." "We couldn’t be more thrilled to start the next leg of this journey." -@marcericlore pic.twitter.com/PWuvtYJDqK — Jet (@Jet) August 8, 2016 Title image "shopping cart harmonic convergence II" (CC BY 2.0) by  Paul L Dineen  0 Comments Top Articles Related Articles Recent Comments Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers 7 Big Problems with the Internet of Things Dropbox Is Reinventing Itself to Win More Love From IT The Collaboration Community's Big Dirty Productivity Secret Simplicity is the Future of Customer Engagement Why You Can't Afford to Ignore Customer Marketing Hacking Marketing: Out With the Old, In With the New Marketing Management Evergage Guardian Uses Machine Learning, AI to Pull Deeper Insight From Data 1 in 4 Micro Businesses Are Missing Big Marketing Opportunities This Small Business Saturday, It's All About Location Useful Article? Email this Article Stumble This Follow @CMSWire Tags ecommerce, jet.com, walmart, digital marketing, customer experience   Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Resources CMSWire's DX Summit Content Marketing Document Management Software Selecting a Web CMS SharePoint Migration Tools List Sitecore Consultant View All Events Add Your Event Events RSS Featured Events Nov 30 [Earley Executive Roundtable] Back to Basics: Getting to the Next Level in Knowledge Management Dec 1 [Igloo Webinar] Don't get left behind: Create a unified digital workplace before it's too late Dec 6 Gartner Application Strategies & Solutions Summit Dec 8 [CMSWire Webinar] Redefine Your Digital Asset Strategy for 2017 Nov 13 CMSWire's DX Summit Chicago 2017 About Us CMSWire is a popular web magazine published by Simpler Media Group. We focus on intelligent information management, digital customer experience management and the emergence of social business tools and practices. Read more about us or learn how to advertise here. We also have a Reader Advisory Board. More: Monthly Editorial Calendar Article Submission Guidelines DX Summit 2016 Advertiser Media Kit Stay In the Loop Get Our Newsletter Most Popular Articles Gartner Rates 4 ECM Vendors Leaders, Drops 3 Others to Challengers view comments 7 Big Problems with the Internet of Things view comments Dropbox Is Reinventing Itself to Win More Love From IT view comments The Collaboration Community's Big Dirty Productivity Secret view comments Simplicity is the Future of Customer Engagement view comments Recent Comments © 2016 Simpler Media Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy. Terms of Use. Powered by Sitecore and Coveo. SMGP v2.1.6159.2426. NL-01a Get the CMSWire Newsletter Receive concise summaries of what's happening in your industry Get access to exclusive reports, white papers and webinars We take your privacy seriously NL-03a Get the CMSWire Newsletter You'll receive: Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Early Event Invites Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously Get the CMSWire Newsletter Join 55,000 subscribers and growing We take your privacy seriously You'll receive Exclusive Articles Latest White Papers Webinar Invites NL-03a Join 55,000 of your peers Get the CMSWire newsletter. Access exclusive news, best practices and events.
null
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close Jet.com founder Marc Lore to eventually lead Walmart.com by Kim Souza. Published Aug 8th, 2016 3:07 pm ksouza@talkbusiness.net / @tbarkansas Wal-Mart’s $3.3 billion pending acquisition of Jet.com includes new leadership for the retail giant’s e-commerce business in the coming months, according to Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon. McMillon said during a conference call with the media on Monday (Aug. 8) the timing was right for Jet.com founder and CEO Marc Lore to eventually assume control of Wal Mart’s e-commerce brand and business in addition to running Jet.com. Neil Ashe is now the CEO of Walmart.com. “We are thankful for the progress Neil Ashe has made running and growing the business … re-platforming, nearly doubling the GMV (gross merchandise value) of our online offerings, building a winning e-commerce team but now there is a natural inflection of leadership change,” McMillon said during the call. He did not say when Ashe would step down, but did say that Lore will eventually take over the leadership and his salary and compensation package would be detailed in Proxy filings at a later date. He said Lore is eager to manage the Walmart.com brand. He also told reporters there would be no updated guidance and he didn’t respond to the question asking if the deal would impact the rate of share repurchases in the coming years. The company will report fiscal second quarter earnings on Aug. 18. “We have some bandwidth within the company at this time. We will update share purchases at a later date,” he said. Marc Lore, CEO and co-founder of Jet.com, will assume Walmart’s e-commerce management duties from Walmart.com CEO Neil Ashe once Wal-Mart’s $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com is completed. McMillon conducted the phone conference from San Bruno, Calf., where he held a town hall for Walmart.com employees earlier in the day. He said it’s not unusual for Walmart to operate multiple brands in a market as they own and operate 50 brands around the world. Walmart.com and Jet.com will operate independently once the deal is approved and completed. He said Walmart customers won’t see any changes in the short term. He said the company will continue to execute its game plan for the holiday season and then the two companies will begin to integrate and combine some of their efforts. “We are taking this at a smart pace. Some of the timely work involves the tech platforms,” McMIllon said. “We are hoping Walmart customers will go online and checkout Jet.com, but for now they remain separate.” McMillon said this is a long-term game plan to win with the customer. He said Walmart U.S. is pleased with progress in its supercenter business and the Jet.com deal is complementary to its agenda to win long term. He said Lore is a proven e-commerce success and his mindset about how to give customers what they want matches the Walmart.com strategy. He said Lore’s model puts the customer more in charge of the price they pay with the “smart cart” features that gives an option for return privilege on an item. He also said Lore’s model is also an insightful way that allows customers to build a basket. “Walmart has been a stock up and basket business for a long, long time,” he added. “Lore’s focus has been more on millennial and urban consumers. We have a large millennial client base but one that is different from Jet.com. Also Jet has been able to attract brands that we don’t have at Walmart,” McMillon said. “We hope to keep the focus on both brands independently but also leverage some things on the backend. The essence of those brands (Jet.com and Walmart.com) will remain different over time.” Analysts say Lore is a major talent score for Wal-Mart. He’s a former Amazon executive, who left that e-tailer to launch Quidsi which he sold to Amazon in 2010 for $540 million – a deal in which Wal-Mart also pursued. However, some analysts wonder how long Lore, a serial entrepreneur, will be able to work in a corporate bureaucracy like Wal-Mart. McMillon said early talks with Lore suggest that Lore is eager to apply his talents to Walmart.com and continue innovating for both brands. He said with Jet.com using the strengths of Walmart to reduce logistics and sourcing costs, Jet.com could see profits much faster than otherwise. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 29shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ken Smith What will a Trump presidency mean for Arkansas’ advanced energy economy? Ruth Whitney Believe it: the Presidential polls were accurate Michael Tilley Riff Raff: The lucky ones Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai What Walmart Gets From Jet.com The AtlanticAugust 8, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share Last week, there were whispers that Walmart was in talks to buy e-commerce retailer Jet.com. On Monday, Walmart announced that the acquisition would be moving forward, at a cost of $3 billion in cash and $300 million worth of Walmart shares. The two brands will not be combined, but both companies are looking to take advantage of each other’s strengths to offer low prices online. The deal is a way for both companies to challenge their primary competitor, Amazon. For Walmart, Amazon has become an existential threat as more Americans have been buying household items online: Amazon’s 2015 sales revenue included nearly $80 billion in product sales, and the company accounted for 60 percent of the year’s growth in U.S. online sales growth. Walmart’s sales, overall, still far outstrip Amazon’s at $482 billion, but its e-commerce sales, at $12.5 billion— just 2.5 percent of its total sales—have been slowing in the past two years. In a call with investors regarding Walmart’s second-quarter earnings in May, CEO Doug McMillon said that growth in its e-commerce sector wasn’t fast enough. Recommended: Considering a Big Change? Go for It, Says Evidence From 20,000 Coin Flips In the past decade, Walmart has largely focused on its sales in its physical locations. But earlier this year, the company announced the closure of over 150 U.S. stores, and while it still has about 4,600 of them, it is looking for growth that pairs its massive brick-and-mortar scale with robust online retail. There are a few specific things Walmart will acquire in the Jet.com deal that might aid in the company’s fight to fend off Amazon. First is a new crop of customers. Jet reports that it has a growing base of “urban and millennial customers” and that it adds 400,000 new shoppers a month—a level of growth that is likely very appealing to Walmart. Second is technology: Jet uses an algorithm that minimizes supply-chain, logistics, and shipping costs, as well as software that shows different prices to different customers. It’s been speculated that this pricing technology is a main component of the deal. The third piece, interestingly, is Jet.com’s CEO, Marc Lore. Recode reported that Lore will continue to run Jet, but will also run Walmart’s e-commerce after the deal closes. It’s likely that Walmart will be looking to Lore for creative ideas when it comes to online retailing, as Lore has spent the past decade competing with Amazon. And he’s been successful: Lore sold his company Quidsi, which owned Diapers.com and Soap.com, to Amazon for $550 million in 2010. But more recently, Lore has been open about being anti-Amazon; a Bloomberg BusinessWeek profile of him reported that he was “preparing to assault it” with Jet.com. The Walmart-Jet deal is expected to close this year, and with McMillon and Lore setting their aim on Amazon, it looks like the beginning of a long price war between the internet’s biggest American retailer and the combined forces of its two rivals. Read more from The Atlantic: Is the U.S. Due for Radically Raising Taxes for the Rich? Trump Denies Calling For the Assassination of Hillary Clinton Please, Michael Phelps, Stop Cupping This article was originally published on The Atlantic. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more The Verge Amazon's Best Black Friday Doorbusters and Deals Kiplinger.com JCPenney is opening earlier than almost everyone else on Thanksgiving — and it's giving out $500 coupons Business Insider Retailers Are Trying to Get a Head Start on This Year's Holiday Shopping Season ABC News Videos Amazon's $250 million bet on Jeremy Clarkson's new show is already starting to pay off Business Insider ‘Are y’all ready to die?’ Chattanooga bus driver reportedly asked children before crash Yahoo News Trump taps S.C. Gov. Nikki Haley to be ambassador to the U.N. Yahoo News Video Holocaust jacket found at tag sale leads to a life story Associated Press Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff There's something distinctive in the way Trump talks about the alt-right Business Insider Chattanooga bus driver allegedly asked children, ‘Are y'all ready to die?’ Yahoo News Video Chrissy Teigen apologises in the best way for showing 'hooha' Yahoo Style UK Alicia Silverstone Poses Nude for PETA to Protest Wool Yahoo Style The Toll Kanye West’s Outbursts Have Taken on His Marriage to ‘Very Protective’ Kim Kardashian People Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff A bizarre law could allow North Carolina lawmakers to flip the outcome of its governor election Business Insider Trump backs away from pledge to 'cancel' Paris Climate Agreement Joe: Face it Trump fans, you're not getting anything he promised you. What you will get is lower wages, longer hours with no overtime, and more tax breaks for billionaires. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 27 Could political talk make you skip Thanksgiving? Yahoo News Video The angry white man next door: Hearing out a Trump voter Yahoo News GOP donor Betsy DeVos accepts education secretary post in Trump cabinet Yahoo News Trump TV quietly made its first broadcast Yahoo Finance Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff Trump advisor accidentally reveals hardline immigration plans to photographers CNBC.com Connecting to tradition through dance Yahoo News Video Milwaukee Bucks name 'Mike McCarthy' to front office, Packers fans have all the jokes Shutdown Corner Trump flip-flops 6 times in 1-hour NYT interview Yahoo News Hillary Clinton Urged To Demand Recount In 3 States IBTimes Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff NATO's second-largest military power is threatening a dramatic pivot to Russia and China Business Insider Celebrating indigenous people Yahoo News Video ‘Dancing With the Stars’ Finale Recap: Golden Girl Yahoo TV Most expensive destroyer in Navy history breaks down Associated Press Baby’s White Streak in Hair Keeps Family’s 200-Year Heritage Alive Good Morning America Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Dear Visitor, Our system has found that you are using an ad-blocking browser add-on. We just wanted to let you know that our site content is, of course, available to you absolutely free of charge. Our ads are the only way we have to be able to bring you the latest high-quality content, which is written by professional journalists, with the help of editors, graphic designers, and our site production and I.T. staff, as well as many other talented people who work around the clock for this site. So, we ask you to add this site to your Ad Blocker’s "white list" or to simply disable your Ad Blocker while visiting this site. Continue on this site freely   HOME     MENU     SEARCH     NEWSLETTER     TECHNOLOGY, DISCOVERY & INNOVATION. UPDATED 6 MINUTES AGO. Home Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech You are here: Home / Business Briefing / Walmart Buys Jet.com for $3.3B Support every customer. Anytime. Anywhere. Build Apps 5x Faster For Half the Cost Enterprise Cloud Computing On Force.com Walmart Buying E-Tailer Jet for $3.3 Billion To Do Battle with Amazon By Shirley Siluk / Sci-Tech Today PUBLISHED: AUGUST 08 2016 Eyeing the opportunity to grow its e-commerce sales, Walmart today announced it will shell out $3.3 billion to acquire the online retailer Jet. Since launching a year ago, Jet has grown rapidly to reach $1 billion in merchandise sales. While Walmart dominates the brick-and-mortar retail ecosystem in the U.S., its online sales trail that of its greatest e-commerce competitor, Amazon. In 2015, Amazon reported net sales of $107 billion, while Walmart's online sales came to $13.7 billion, compared to its total sales of $482 billion. Expected to close later this year, Walmart's acquisition of Jet includes transfers "over time" of $3 billion in cash and $300 million in Walmart shares. Walmart.com and Jet.com will continue to operate as distinct brands, with Jet keeping its focus on "a unique and differentiated customer experience with curated assortment," according to today's announcement. Jet-Powered Growth The acquisition of Jet is a "jolt of entrepreneurial spirit" that will help Walmart speed efforts to lower prices, expand product assortment and offer an easy shopping experience, Walmart president and CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. "Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we're pursuing will happen quicker, and we'll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time." Launched in July 2015, the New Jersey-based Jet began as a members-only shopping club with an annual subscription fee of $49.99 but dropped that fee in October. The company uses a dynamic pricing algorithm that founder and CEO Marc Lore said gives customers "the ability to save money by placing bigger, smarter orders." Since its launch, Jet's business has grown dramatically, adding more than 400,000 new customers every month and processing an average of 25,000 orders per day. It sells everything from groceries to electronics, offering more than 12 million products through more than 2,400 retail partners. 'Furious' Competition with Amazon Earlier this year, the financial services firm Cowen and Company predicted that Amazon could grab a much greater share of retail sales in North America between now and 2018, while Walmart's share would remain relatively unchanged. Walmart currently accounts for 10.6 percent of retail sales in the U.S., down from 11.6 percent in 2009. Amazon's share, meanwhile, could grow from a little over 3 percent to around 7 percent by 2018, according to Cowen and Company. "Walmart is spending furiously to fight back against Amazon's online onslaught," The Economist noted in June. "Last year it poured a staggering $10.5 billion into information technology, more than any other company on the planet," the publication added, citing data from IDC. Walmart said its acquisition of Jet will "build on and complement the significant foundation already in place to serve customers across the Walmart app, site and stores and position the company for even faster e-commerce growth in the future by expanding customer reach and adding new capabilities." Read more on: Walmart, E-Commerce, Amazon, Customer Service, Customer Engagement, Technology News Tell Us What You Think Comment: Name: Dina: Posted: 2016-11-02 @ 11:32pm PT lol hope you sink walmart, in your greed to top amazon you closed the only brick and mortar store in my county. Leaving everyone here with a minimum 50 mile one way drive to get to a store. Yeah F your online shopping too, pick up at store lol what a laugh. I will go with amazon since you destroyed our community. Hope you dissolve. Your greed has you scrambling to compete against amazon, you should have stuck to what you know. Now you closed street level stores and hurt the communities that depended on them. Amazon will bankrupt you, and me and all those small town folk whose communities you destroyed will cheer them on. TOP STORIES NOW 1. Hopes for Alzheimer's Drug Dashed 2. PC Specs for Windows VT Revealed 3. Gov't Wants Apps Blocked for Drivers 4. Trump Softens Warming Stance 5. Study: Get Used to Heat Records MAY INTEREST YOU Salesforce.com is the market and technology leader in Software-as-a-Service. Its award-winning CRM solution helps 82,400 customers worldwide manage and share business information over the Internet. Experience CRM success. Click here for a FREE 30-day trial. MORE IN BUSINESS BRIEFING 1. Hopes for Alzheimer's Drug Dashed 2. Trump Softens Warming Stance 3. HP Results Show Improving PC Sales 4. Volkswagen Bets on New Technology 5. Firms Brace as Court Blocks OT Rule Next Article > SCI-TECH TODAY Computing Digital Life Discovery Space Innovation Health Science News Environment Automotive Tech NEWSFACTOR NETWORK SITES Enterprise I.T. Sites: NewsFactor Technology News Enterprise Security Today CRM Daily Business & Innovation Sites: Sci-Tech Today NewsFactor Business Report NEWSFACTOR SERVICES About NewsFactor Network How To Advertise Free Newsletters How To Contact Us Services for PR Pros SEO Services Sponsored Content Services Article Reprints Top Tech Wire Privacy Policy Terms of Service © Copyright 2016 NewsFactor Network. All rights reserved. Member of Accuserve Ad Network.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 8:01am Thu 24 November Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Wall Street down on oil, greenback gain By Margreet Dietz 8:10 AM Tuesday Aug 9, 2016 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Currency Markets Sharemarket United States The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2pc, while the Nasdaq Composite Index declined 0.3pc. Photo / AP Wall Street moved lower overnight from record highs, while oil prices and the US dollar firmed amid talk about fresh efforts to curb a global glut and increased bets that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates this year after all. In 3.11pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 per cent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index declined 0.3 per cent. In 2.56pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 0.2 per cent. The Dow fell as declines in shares of Merck and those of Pfizer, recently down 2 per cent and 1.7 per cent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Exxon Mobil and those of Caterpillar, last up 1.1 per cent and 0.7 per cent respectively. Shares of Wal-Mart fell, last 0.5 per cent weaker in New York, after the world's biggest retailer said it agreed to buy Jet.com for about US$3.3 billion. "Wal-Mart has definitely put its stake in the ground saying, 'We're going to be winning in e-commerce," Joseph Feldman, an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group, told Bloomberg. "Amazon should be concerned about what Wal-Mart is doing." Shares of Amazon were 0.1 per cent weaker in New York in late afternoon trading. "Amazon's got this huge lead. "That lead is going to be tough to relinquish but there's a lot of [share] out there," Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea told CNBC. Continued below. Related Content Mark Lister: All it takes is two basic rules Barry Soper: The horticultural revolution Seven new supermarkets set to open Tyson Foods, one of the world's largest food companies, reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and upgraded its full-year earnings estimate bolstered by lower feed and livestock costs. Even so the stock traded 0.1 per cent weaker at US$73.57 as of 1.56pm in New York. Earlier in the session the stock had traded as high as US$75.46. "People are struggling with the idea that these earnings are looking peakish," Tim Ramey, a Salem, Oregon-based analyst for Pivotal Research Group, told Bloomberg. Profit growth in the high single digits "is below trend line but still powerful." Shares of Exxon Mobil followed oil prices higher amid a report in the Wall Street Journal that some OPEC members suggested fresh talks about curbing output. "It would appear that OPEC calls for restraint would be inevitable," Jim Ritterbusch of Chicago-based oil markets consultancy Ritterbusch & Associates, told Reuters, citing concerns over rising US oil rigs and weakening energy demand. People are struggling with the idea that these earnings are looking peakish. Also gaining was the US dollar after Friday's US jobs better-than-expected reported renewed expectations the Federal Reserve might raise interest rates sooner than later. "The market is still digesting a blockbuster payroll number and I think a lot of things are in motion right now to assess whether the Fed raises earlier than thought," Doug Cote, chief market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York, told Reuters. "It certainly won't be September, but it could possibly be December." In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index barely budged, ending the day with a gain of less than 0.1 per cent from the previous close. France's CAC 40 index increased 0.1 per cent, while the UK's FTSE 100 index added 0.2 per cent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 per cent. - BusinessDesk By Margreet Dietz Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Two $500,000 Lotto winners Two people took home half a million tonight when their numbers came up in Lotto's first… Hawke's Bay Today Councillors dispute being left in dark on water issue A dispute has broken out over how informed Hawke's Bay Regional councillors were about… Bay of Plenty Times More than 90 per cent of Bay burglaries unsolved Less than 10 per cent of burglaries committed in the Bay of Plenty this year have been… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Five crucial tips for selling your car Looking to flog your tired jalopy? This week's Thursday Five has you covered... Viva Fun things to do this weekend It's all about shopping and art events for the last weekend of spring True Commercial Auckland CBD building leased to university A nine level Auckland central city office building, that generates annual rent of over… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2016, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 24 Nov 2016 08:01:27 Processing Time: 966ms
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Investor Toolkit Modern Medicine Trader Talk Portfolio Perspective ETF Strategist Tech Drivers CNBC IQ 100 Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X BREAKING:  Fed minutes reinforce that rate hike could happen in December × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market This Pennsylvania guy probably made a killing on the Wal-Mart-Jet.com deal Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Tuesday, 9 Aug 2016 | 6:06 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters This guy probably made a killing on Wal-Mart's Jet deal    Tuesday, 9 Aug 2016 | 7:30 AM ET | 00:43 Whether you're a venture capitalist or just a bill-paying Joe, you're probably wishing you were in Eric Martin's shoes right now. Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion acquisition of e-commerce company Jet.com was potentially a flush exit for early employees and its familiar big-name investors like Goldman Sachs, Bain Capital and Fidelity. But it was also a probably huge windfall for 10 people who — like Pennsylvania's Eric Martin — won significant equity in the company. Martin won 100,000 insider stock options in Jet.com last year as part of a contest aimed to get users to refer the most family and friends to the membership-based site. That means he'll likely get some sort of slice of Jet's $3.3 billion price tag, along with nine other contest winners, who each got 10,000 insider stock options. Jet Tweet: We're so happy for Eric Martin, winner of 100k shares of Jet Stock! Check out his @fox43 interview right here! It's a nice surprise for a family man who spent about $18,000 to refer about 8,000 customers to Jet in early 2015, surpassing more than 200,000 other contestants for the prize. Martin said he can't disclose the value of his shares, and he doesn't know how the Wal-Mart deal will pay out for him. (The terms of the deal weren't publicly disclosed.) "Up until today, it was all just a hope and a wish and a dream," he said. "I don't think I'm some genius person that I thought Jet was going to work out. It was a gut instinct." Martin, a devout Christian, said he hopes to live a lifestyle that "glorifies God," not money. He doesn't live like a millionaire, except for the occasional crab leg, though some reports have valued his Jet.com shares upward of $20 million. But Jet.com has changed his life, Martin said, giving him the credibility to pursue a career in digital marketing, and inspiring a "gamefied" approach to his new start-up, Ideadash. Martin, a self-proclaimed addict to Bloomberg Businessweek, was inspired to sign up for Jet by a January 2015 cover story. He then referred his wife (the main Jet shopper in the household) to sign up. Martin saw that his rank immediately shot up in the contest. After referring a few close family and friends, he was able to estimate how many referrals the top candidates had, and after talking to another contestant on Facebook, he guessed he needed at least 4,000 referrals to win the whole thing. "I was working out one night during the contest, I was really thinking about it. I wasn't really questioning at the time whether it would worth something or not," Martin said. "I thought, 'I think I can win. Should I win? Should I do this?' I think I prayed about it a little. If it's going to me or someone else, I thought, why not do it?" Martin used sites like Swagbucks.com and Facebook ads to get referrals, and was able to pay his way to the top 10 with about $3,000. He figured that if he could win 10,000 shares for $3,000, anything less than $300,000 would be worth it for the top spot — so he went all in until he got a call from Jet.com co-founder Marc Lore. Since future of his Jet shares remains unclear, Martin is focused on the big picture. "The overarching theme of my life is 'the great idea,'" Martin said. "Ideadash was born out of frustration on my part, no way to get your ideas out there in a way to get some sort of financial gain or return. ....But even if this Jet thing is worth a lot of money, way down the ladder, I don't want to live in a way where all I care about is money. I hope I never care about money." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate SHOW COMMENTS Please add a username to view or add comments Public Username for Commenting JOIN THE DISCUSSION To learn more about how we use your information, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Binge Filmmaker Ken Burns is scared of what he sees in Donald Trump By: Josh Ascher, CNBC producer Here’s what Steve Jobs had to give Ken Burns to create the 'Ken Burns' effect for iMovie The Ken Burns binge effect: Steve Jobs, Donald Trump and the birth of binge-watching    Ken Burns: The media gets Steve Jobs wrong    Steve Jobs once told Ken Burns he should ditch PBS because they weren’t paying him enough To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
TechRepublic Search GO CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation More Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out TechRepublic Search GO Topics: CXO Cloud Big Data Security Innovation Software Data Centers Networking Startups Tech & Work All Topics Sections: Photos Videos All Writers Newsletters Forums Resource Library Tech Pro Free Trial Editions: US United States Australia United Kingdom Japan Membership Membership My Profile People Subscriptions My stuff Preferences Send a message Log Out Cloud Can $3B acquisition of Jet.com make Wal-Mart the next Amazon? Probably not Wal-Mart recently bought online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion, but that doesn't mean it will be able to immediately compete with Amazon in e-commerce. By Conner Forrest | August 8, 2016, 12:37 PM PST RSS Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus Image: Jet.com On Monday, Wal-Mart announced its plan to acquire e-commerce company Jet.com for approximately $3 billion in cash and $300 million of Walmart shares. The agreement could help bolster Wal-Mart's online presence and make it more competitive in the e-commerce space. The acquisition is still subject to approval from the boards of directors of both companies, but if it is approved it is expected to close this year. Both Wal-Mart and Jet.com's websites will continue to operate as separate sites. Doug McMillon, CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, called the deal "another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart." When Jet.com was originally launched on July 21, 2015, it garnered headlines as the next potential "Amazon killer." Multiple side-by-side orders were placed to show how Jet stacked up against then-rivals Amazon and Walmart.com. However, a little more than one year after its official launch, questions have been raised about the effectiveness of its strategy and revenue growth. Still, Jet is growing with new customers and is able to reach certain demographics that Wal-Mart wants to capture. According to a press release announcing the deal, "The acquisition of Jet will infuse Walmart with fresh ideas and expertise, as well as an attractive brand with proven appeal, especially with Millennials, the first generation of true digital natives." SEE: Amazon still crushing cloud competition, says Gartner Magic Quadrant for IaaS Wal-Mart is clearly hoping that the acquisition of Jet.com will get it one step closer to its ultimate e-commerce goal: Beating Amazon. Over the past year, Wal-Mart has given the world plenty of evidence to show that this is what it wants. In 2015, on Amazon's Prime Day, Wal-Mart criticized paid membership models in a blog post and offered its own deal as an alternative. Later, in June 2016, Wal-Mart offered a free trial of ShippingPass, a subscription service meant to compete with Amazon Prime. And, even though McMillon said that his plan to beat Amazon was to "win with stores," it seems that Wal-Mart is trying to buy competitiveness with the Jet acquisition. The question is: Will it work? Long story short—probably not. The first problem with Wal-Mart's strategy is that it is going after the wrong business. Amazon's business is not driven by e-commerce, it's driven by cloud. It's standing as an e-commerce giant merely drives its infrastructure business. Amazon Web Services (AWS), the infrastructure arm of Amazon, was responsible for 56% of Amazon's operating profits overall. Even more, AWS remains leaps and bounds above its competitors, according to the latest Gartner Magic Quadrant report. Sure, in late 2015 Wal-Mart tried its hand at cloud by open sourcing its cloud tech, but it didn't take off. TechRepublic columnist Matt Asay called it "open source in all the wrong ways." Must-Read Cloud Why there's no compelling use case for hybrid cloud Pokemon Go: How the cloud saved the smash hit game from collapse Switching clouds: What Spotify learned when it swapped AWS for Google's cloud Tech Pro Research: Cloud computing policy Even if you remove the infrastructure element from Amazon's business, the e-commerce market has been struggling lately. Additionally, Wal-Mart's choice of Jet as an e-commerce linchpin is perplexing, as Jet has struggled to retain customers. But, even if Wal-Mart and Jet were able to build a competitive customer base, they wouldn't be able to compete with Amazon in terms of scale. Amazon is the king of logistics, and its latest endeavor in leasing a fleet of "Prime Air" planes proves that. Amazon has taught the world to expect online deliveries in two days. Walmart has started to offer similar services, but it's just not there yet. Amazon's initial foray into online retailing highlighted the need for better infrastructure services, which birthed Amazon's core business, AWS. By targeting Amazon's e-commerce business, Wal-Mart is setting itself up to compete with the Amazon of a few years ago, not the Amazon of the future—which is going to compete with UPS in logistics and Microsoft in cloud infrastructure. In the immortal words of Wayne Gretzky: "I skate to where the puck is going to be, not where it has been." The 3 big takeaways for TechRepublic readers Wal-Mart recently announced that it would acquire e-commerce company Jet.com for $3 billion in an effort to improve its online business. Wal-Mart has made many efforts to disrupt Amazon, but its efforts have come up short and highlighted the current struggles faced by the overall e-commerce market. By competing with Amazon on e-commerce, Wal-Mart is competing on the wrong business, as Amazon's profits are built on the back of its cloud infrastructure arm, AWS. Click here to automatically subscribe to our Cloud Revolution newsletter. Subscribe Also see Amazon CFO said these 3 factors are the reason for AWS revenue explosion (TechRepublic) Wal-Mart buys Jet for $3 billion, hopes to turbo charge e-commerce (ZDNet) Walmart goes to war with Amazon over open source (TechRepublic) Walmart rolls out Walmart Pay across all US stores (ZDNet) Amazon's robot worker challenge won by AI-powered suction arm (TechRepublic) Comments Facebook Linkedin Twitter More Email Print Reddit Delicious Digg Pinterest Stumbleupon Google Plus About Conner Forrest Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Full Bio Contact Disclosure See all of Conner's content Google+ connerforrest × Disclosure Conner Forrest has nothing to disclose. He doesn't hold investments in the technology companies he covers. × Full Bio Conner Forrest is News Editor for TechRepublic. He covers startups and enterprise technology and is passionate about the convergence of tech and culture. Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Editor's Picks IBM Watson: The inside story Rise of the million-dollar smartphone The world's smartest cities The undercover war on your internet secrets Free Newsletters, In your Inbox Tech News You Can Use We deliver the top business tech news stories about the companies, the people, and the products revolutionizing the planet. Delivered Daily Subscribe Best of the Week Our editors highlight the TechRepublic articles, galleries, and videos that you absolutely cannot miss to stay current on the latest IT news, innovations, and tips. Delivered Fridays Subscribe Latest From Tech Pro Research Equipment reassignment policy IT help desk support SLA Job description: MongoDB administrator Interview questions: MongoDB administrator Services About Us Membership Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Map Site Help & Feedback FAQ Advertise Reprint Policy Explore Blogs Downloads TechRepublic Forums Meet the Team Tech Pro Research Resource Library Photos Videos © 2016 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement A ZDNet site | Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBS InteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundClickerCNETCollege NetworkGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTech Pro ResearchTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media More Home News Sports Life & Events Obituaries Elections 2016 Archives Insider USA Today Media social Follow Search firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share 7 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Lights & Sirens: Man shoots self with BB gun A man who shot himself in the foot with a BB was taken to Bucyrus Community Hospital early Monday. Post to Facebook Lights & Sirens: Man shoots self with BB gun A man who shot himself in the foot with a BB was taken to Bucyrus Community Hospital early Monday.  Check out this story on bucyrustelegraphforum.com: http://ohne.ws/2aWpk4F {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Lights & Sirens: Man shoots self with BB gun 4:41 p.m. EDT August 8, 2016 . (Photo: .) 7 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Thursday INCIDENTS •Officers spoke with a person who had been reportedly looking in garages in the 600 block of Hopley Avenue. •Officers spoke to people at Aumiller Park about a potentially stolen bike that had been found there. The bike was returned to its owner. •Employees of the Bucyrus Outreach Center reported trash being dumped in their back parking lot. •A Marion Road resident reported her wallet missing. •Officers spoke to Dudley Street resident about vandalism to their property. •A report of possible drug use was investigated on Earl Street. •Officers investigated a report of a disorderly person in the 600 block of North Sandusky Avenue. •A report of a three wheeler speeding in an alley in the 200 block of Hopley Avenue was investigated. •Officers checked on a dog inside a vehicle at Walmart. The vehicle was gone when officers arrived. •Officers investigated a shoplifting report at Walmart. Friday INCIDENTS •A vehicle was reported vandalized in the Lutz Drive area. •A Southland Drive resident reported their wallet stolen. The wallet was later located. •Officers investigated a report of an assault. •A report of a fight was investigated in the 300 block of North Sandusky Avenue. •An abandoned bicycle was reported in the 900 block of Rogers Street. •Officers spoke to an unruly youth in the 100 block of East Charles Street. •A person was warned for trespassing at Smokey’s Tobacco. ARRESTS •A 19-year-old man was arrested on a Crawford County warrant. He was transported to Crawford County Justice Center to be held for court. •A 13-year-old Bucyrus girl was arrested for domestic violence. She was released to a family member pending a juvenile court hearing. Saturday INCIDENTS •Officers checked a house in the 300 block of Plymouth Street after the resident reported people possibly inside the home. No one was found inside. •Officers investigated a report of a breaking and entering in the 400 block of Norton Way. •Officers checked the welfare of a few dogs in the 1500 block of East Mansfield Street. •Officers investigated a report of a broken mirror on a vehicle in the 500 block of South Walnut Street. •A report of possible child abuse was investigated. •A report of a small child who lost his parents at Aumiller Pool was received. The lifeguard found who he was with before officers arrived. •A resident in the 100 block of West Beal Avenue spoke with an officer about a family member not returning her car. •Officers spoke with a resident experiencing mental issues in the 1700 block of Whetstone Street. •A report of someone on a motorcycle doing burnouts in the 700 block of East Rensselaer Street was investigated. The motorcycle was parked with no one around it when officers checked the area. •A resident in the 600 block of South Walnut Street reported their computer hacked and some charges they did not authorize to various accounts. •A report of a group of kids throwing rocks at windows of a vacant house on Winchester Avenue was investigated. •A report of a car alarm going off repeatedly in the 500 block of South Poplar Street was investigated. ARRESTS •A 24-year-old woman and a 26-year-old man were both arrested on Crawford County warrants during a traffic stop on West Irving Street. The woman was given a date to appear in court and released, while the man was transported to the Crawford County Justice Center to be held for court. Sunday INCIDENTS •A Bucyrus resident reported being assaulted by someone he knows in Washington Square. •A two-car, non-injury collision in the parking lot at Speedway was investigated. •A resident in the 300 block of Woodlawn Avenue reported vandalism at the home. •A report of a fight at Aumiller Park was investigated and a boy was escorted to his home. •An employee at Walmart reported someone trespassing at the business. They were warned not to come back. •An employee at Smokey’s reported someone attempting to steal a fan from the back of the store. They were gone before officers arrived. •A resident in the 900 block of Maple Street reported a purple and white freestyle Huffy bicycle stolen from her back yard. •An employee at Family Video reported a couple of kids attempting to steal candy from the store. •A Bucyrus resident brought her 5-year-old son to the police department to speak to officers after he called 9-1-1 from their residence and hung up. •A report of dogs left in a vehicle in the area of Walnut Street and Lucas Street was checked and the owner returned to the vehicle. •A group of kids were warned for riding their bikes in the roadway without lights in the area of Prospect Street and Aurora Street. •Officers assisted a resident experiencing mental issues in the 1700 block of Marion Road. •A report of someone shooting off a BB gun in the area of Warren Street and Wiley Street was investigated. ARRESTS •A 36-year-old man was arrested on a Crawford County warrant. He was given a date to appear in court and released. Monday INCIDENTS •Officers responded to Bucyrus Community Hospital to investigate a report of a man who shot himself in the foot with a BB gun. •A report of a prowler in the 400 block of North Walnut Street was investigated. No one was located. •A report of possible child abuse was received. 7 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://ohne.ws/2aWpk4F TOP VIDEOS Regional track from Lex 1:27 Galion boys win regional title 1:01 Crawford County Track Meet Highlights 1:16 Bucyrus Elks Invitational highlights 0:46 Buckeyes vs. local greats 1:37 Coach jumps in with all-stars 0:50 North all-stars 2:07 South all-stars 1:57 Noah Lear laid to rest on Monday 0:59 Galion wrestler Drake Barnett 0:29 Crawford state medalist relay team 2:06 Wynford vs Buckeye Central highlights 2:52 Wynford advances to sectional finals 2:21 Buckeye Central advances to sectional finals 1:03 Wynford vs Willard Girls Basketball Highlights 0:50 Bucyrus Girls Basketball Highlights 1:05 Crawford girls are state-bound 2:20 Colonel Crawford Boys Basketball Highlights 1:34 Colonel Crawford Girls Basketball Highlights 1:18 Buckeye at Wynford boys basketball highlights 1:41 Crawford's Callie Ruffener 1:06 Col. Crawford at Buckeye Highlights 1:08 Harding at Galion boys basketball highlights 1:46 Will Tribe start fast? 1:28 New Tribe slugger 0:29 Tribe broadcaster Matt Underwood 1:37 Talkin' Tribe 0:54 Hannah Gulley scores first point 0:39 Alyssa Harrer scores final basket 0:25 Wynford at Bucyrus Girls Basketball Highlights 1:02 Jaden Lutz wins conference title for Bucyrus 1:41 Tyler Glowaski scores 9 in the 4th 1:42 Buckeye Central Girls Basketball Highlights 1:50 Galion high jump medalist 0:24 Title sweep for Colonel Crawford 0:45 Fatal Ohio Turnpike crash 1:15 Tiger dynamo Marisa Gwinner 1:51 Tiger dynamo Marisa Gwinner 1:51 Two silver medals for Galion freshman 1:05 Galion state finalist Deaken McCoy 2:40 Cory Jackson hearing 2:00 Galion vs Port Clinton boys basketball 1:55 Paws on Pawns 1:04 Galion swimmer Sam DeNero 1:50 Donald Hoffman: A Killer's Own Words 5:31 Spot the dog 0:54 Ron Kline: 50 years of perfect work attendance 0:46 Capital Yes exhibit at OSUM 1:06 Alpha Recovery and Jericho House 1:47 Linn Road log cabin burns 0:56 Rumpke truck righted on Hanley Road 1:04 Lee's Comfort Shoes 0:57 Humane Society Rescues Dogs 1:46 Paying It Forward 1:11 A Night of Hope 1:36 Noel Lizotte demos two-ingredient pumpkin cake 2:36 Elvis at Dillinger's Event Center 1:02 Bucyrus Fire Dept. Hazard House 3:34 Zaidin Zier gets a new bicycle 0:40 Candlelight Christmas 0:47 Hopley Ave. House Fire 0:27 Santa Parade 2014 1:02 Brian Garber news conference 1:44 West Warren Street fire reignites 0:33 South Sandusky Avenue Fire 0:43 Stimens Aprartment Fire 0:38 Watercolors and Wines 0:49 Oakwood Cemetery Monuments 0:25 Crawford County Veterans Hall of Fame 1:39 Fredericktown's Austin Hathaway 0:40 Mansfield Christian celebrates boys soccer state title 1:29 Mansfield Christian boys soccer team to play in state finals 1:21 Ohio State basketball talks chemistry 1:17 Madison running back Juwan Howard and coach Sean Conway 1:24 Mansfield Christian boys soccer ready for state 1:04 Two-time All-Ohioan Mackenzie Weaver picks Syracuse 0:41 Lexington girls cross country highlights from Division II state meet 2:47 Division II boys cross country state meet highlights 1:02 Seth Miller graduation 1:29 Trick or Treat in Bucyrus 0:43 Lexington boys cross country highlights 2:28 Lexington boys cross country highlights 2:15 Lexington girls cross country 1:04 Lexington junior Dominique Clairmonte 0:32 Ashland boys cross country 0:18 Lexington boys cross country 2:15 Hee Haw Hayride 1:04 Crawford County Humane Society needs a new crematory 0:38 Fitness tips with Bryce Bahm 3:14 Memorial for crash victims 2:00 Lexington senior volleyball player Alannah Lemming 0:22 Carle's Cooking School 0:37 Highland senior Kam Terry 1:06 Ohio State forward Marc Loving talks basketball 0:45 OSU's Anthony Lee on where he fits into the team 0:36 Ohio State men's basketball media day 1:37 Two House Fires in Bucyrus 1:03 Poster Rally held to find missing teen 0:38 Trailer fire at Waterford Glen 0:48 Author and Illustrator visit Bucyrus Elementary 0:51
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Tennis Girls Golf Girls Swimming Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Field Hockey Boys Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Equestrian Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Rugby Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating My Recipe Box Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Weddings Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Ann Arbor Videos Bay City Videos Detroit Videos Flint Videos Grand Rapids Videos Jackson Videos Kalamazoo Videos Lansing Videos Muskegon Videos Saginaw Videos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Wal-Mart buying online retailer newcomer Jet.com Wal-Mart-Jetcom FILE - In this Thursday, Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, reusable shopping bags are offered for sale at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market, in the Chinatown district of Los Angeles. Wal-Mart announced Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. (AP Photo/Nick Ut, File) (Nick Ut) Print Email The Associated Press | Wire reports By The Associated Press | Wire reports MLive.com on August 08, 2016 at 4:11 PM, updated August 08, 2016 at 4:12 PM comments NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart is buying fast-growing online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, scooping up a newcomer that launched a year ago with the intention of challenging online leader Amazon. The deal announced Monday shows Wal-Mart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively as it has seen its online business growth slow, even with big investments in distribution centers and expanding services. In June, it announced it was forming a partnership with JD.com in China to bolster its presence in that market. Analysts say Wal-Mart buying Jet.com still won't enable it to catch up to Amazon in sales, but it will help widen the gap between itself and other retailers online. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com to make it on their own in a sphere Amazon dominates with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups in an extremely competitive landscape. In January, Hudson's Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchased flash-sales site Gilt Group. And in June, Bed, Bath & Beyond bought One Kings Lane. "This acquisition in tandem with its joint-venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Wal-Mart is attacking online retail with significant zeal," said Moody's lead retail analyst Charlie O'Shea. "As we believe 'catching' Amazon online is an unrealistic goal for any brick-and-mortar retailer, Wal-Mart now has a definite leg up on its competitors in the very important race to be No. 2 online." As part of the deal, which Wal-Mart expects to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Jet.com will maintain separate brands. Walmart.com will stay focused on the company's low price strategy and Jet.com will still provide a curated assortment of products. The acquisition will help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger than its own shoppers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015, sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers and has been growing fast. It has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says it also will incorporate some of Jet.com's "smart" technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, the deal provides big financial backing. "We're looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that's what our customers want," said Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. "It's another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Wal-Mart." Marc Lore, co-founder and CEO of Jet.com, said in a statement the combination of Wal-Mart's retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with the team, technology and business of Jet.com will allow the company to deliver more value to customers. Jet.com, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. In May, Lore told The Associated Press that Jet.com had expected to reach overall profitability in 2020 and to hit $20 billion in general merchandise value with 15 million customers. Lore also has experience competing with Amazon, as CEO of Quidsi, whose main site was diapers.com. Eventually, it bought him out for more than $500 million in 2010. McMillon confirmed on a conference call Monday that Lore will head up walmart.com and jet.com, and that Wal-Mart's top online executive, Neil Ashe, is departing. In its fiscal year ended in January, Wal-Mart had online sales of $13.7 billion, a fraction of its total revenue of $482.1 billion. And its online figure pales in comparison to Amazon.com's annual net revenue of $107 billion. O'Shea noted that Apple.com is the only brick-and-mortar retailer that outranks Wal-Mart in online sales in the U.S. But Wal-Mart reported in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7 percent in the first quarter, weaker than the 8 percent in the previous quarter and far below the 20 percent increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon's Prime program. But while Amazon's Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. Jet.com has also faced plenty of challenges. Three months after it launched, it ditched its annual membership fee of $49.99, leading critics to question the business model. So Jet.com promised to undercut Amazon and other retailers by 4 percent to 5 percent instead of larger discounts. O'Shea noted Wal-Mart is "paying a lot" for Jet.com, but it was too soon to say if it overpaid. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. slipped 50 cents to $73.26 in midday trading Monday. Its shares are up 3 percent over the past year. Most Read Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions Get the latest updates Subscribe to our newsletters Like MLive on Facebook Follow MLive on Twitter About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Site Map Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Tennis Girls Golf Girls Swimming Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Field Hockey Boys Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Equestrian Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Rugby Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating My Recipe Box Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Weddings Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Ann Arbor Videos Bay City Videos Detroit Videos Flint Videos Grand Rapids Videos Jackson Videos Kalamazoo Videos Lansing Videos Muskegon Videos Saginaw Videos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Planned road project near new Wal-Mart in Muskegon County delayed for now Print Email Eric Gaertner | egaertne@mlive.com By Eric Gaertner | egaertne@mlive.com The Muskegon Chronicle Follow on Twitter on August 08, 2016 at 4:18 PM comments WHITEHALL TOWNSHIP, MI – The planned road-improvement project in front of the Wal-Mart Superstore being constructed in northern Muskegon County has been delayed. The project, designed to improve the roadway and add turn lanes to that stretch of Holton Whitehall Road, was originally scheduled to begin a week ago. As of Monday, seven days past the original start date, the construction work has yet to begin. This map shows the section of Holton Whitehall Road that will be improved as part of the construction project, which has been delayed.Google Map  Paul Bouman, the highway engineer for the Muskegon County Road Commission, said the project has been delayed because of some changes being made to the road project. It is unclear at this time when the road will be closed for construction. Wal-Mart, which hired its own contractor for the project, is heading the completion of the project through a permit with the Muskegon County Road Commission, which has oversight of that section of road. The original project plan called for the road to be widened in that stretch of the road to add a center-run lane and a right-turn lane on the south side of Holton Whitehall Road for those turning into the planned Wal-Mart. It is currently a two-land road in that section extending from U.S. 31 to Silver Creek Road. Road closure originally planned for Aug. 1 near Wal-Mart As originally planned, the road construction project was expected to take up to three weeks. Bouman said the changes to the plan could shorten the amount of time the road is closed to motorists. The 122,000-square-foot store will offer a full line of fresh produce, general merchandise including health and beauty items, baby and pet supplies, toys and games, electronics, sporting goods, apparel and household items. A full-service pharmacy with drive-thru, vision center, money center, digital photo-processing center and Wal-Mart pickup will also be at the location. Wal-Mart is tentatively planning a grand opening in the spring or early summer of 2017, a spokesman said earlier this year. The construction of the store is the end of a long, pre-construction legal battle between the Bentonville, Ark.-based company and a local group calling itself BOW NOT — Back Off Wal-Mart, Not Our Town. For the construction work, the road commission sent out a road closure notice that is expected to last about three weeks, beginning Monday, Aug. 1. A detour will be posted, directing motorists on Holton Whitehall Road to take Russell Road, then White Lake Drive, and then Whitehall Road. Most Read Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions Get the latest updates Subscribe to our newsletters Like MLive on Facebook Follow MLive on Twitter About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Site Map Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop     WIRES: SCOOPS PARLIAMENT POLITICS REGIONAL BUSINESS SCI-TECH WORLD CULTURE EDUCATION HEALTH SECTIONS: HOME COMMENT MULTIMEDIA NZ POLITICS BIZ & SCI/TECH WORLD LIFESTYLE ARCHIVES MOST READ VIDEO Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search    Related  Email  Print Scoop >> Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Oil, greenback gain Tuesday, 9 August 2016, 7:49 am Article: BusinessDesk While you were sleeping: Oil, greenback gain Aug. 9 (BusinessDesk) - Wall Street moved lower from record highs, while oil prices and the US dollar firmed amid talk about fresh efforts to curb a global glut and increased bets that the Federal Reserve will raise interest rates this year after all. In 3.11pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 percent, while the Nasdaq Composite Index declined 0.3 percent. In 2.56pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index slipped 0.2 percent. The Dow fell as declines in shares of Merck and those of Pfizer, recently down 2 percent and 1.7 percent respectively, outweighed gains in shares of Exxon Mobil and those of Caterpillar, last up 1.1 percent and 0.7 percent respectively. Shares of Wal-Mart fell, last 0.5 percent weaker in New York, after the world’s biggest retailer said it agreed to buy Jet.com for about US$3.3 billion. “Wal-Mart has definitely put its stake in the ground saying, ‘We’re going to be winning in e-commerce," Joseph Feldman, an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group, told Bloomberg. “Amazon should be concerned about what Wal-Mart is doing.” Shares of Amazon were 0.1 percent weaker in New York in late afternoon trading. "Amazon's got this huge lead. That lead is going to be tough to relinquish but there's a lot of [share] out there," Moody's analyst Charlie O'Shea told CNBC. Tyson Foods, one of the world's largest food companies, reported better-than-expected quarterly earnings and upgraded its full-year earnings estimate bolstered by lower feed and livestock costs. Even so the stock traded 0.1 percent weaker at US$73.57 as of 1.56pm in New York. Earlier in the session the stock had traded as high as US$75.46. “People are struggling with the idea that these earnings are looking peakish,” Tim Ramey, a Salem, Oregon-based analyst for Pivotal Research Group, told Bloomberg. Profit growth in the high single digits “is below trend line but still powerful.” Shares of Exxon Mobil followed oil prices higher amid a report in the Wall Street Journal that some OPEC members suggested fresh talks about curbing output. “It would appear that OPEC calls for restraint would be inevitable," Jim Ritterbusch of Chicago-based oil markets consultancy Ritterbusch & Associates, told Reuters, citing concerns over rising US oil rigs and weakening energy demand. Also gaining was the US dollar after Friday’s US jobs better-than-expected reported renewed expectations the Federal Reserve might raise interest rates sooner than later. “The market is still digesting a blockbuster payroll number and I think a lot of things are in motion right now to assess whether the Fed raises earlier than thought,” Doug Cote, chief market strategist at Voya Investment Management in New York, told Reuters. "It certainly won’t be September, but it could possibly be December." In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index barely budged, ending the day with a gain of less than 0.1 percent from the previous close. France’s CAC 40 index increased 0.1 percent, while the UK’s FTSE 100 index added 0.2 percent, while Germany’s DAX index rose 0.6 percent. (BusinessDesk) © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CONTACT BUSINESSDESK Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH > >   Gordon Campbell: On The Government’s Tax Cuts Fixation Long before the earthquake hit, the dodginess of the government tax cuts programnme was evident in the language of its packaging. It is being touted as a “tax cuts and family care” package... More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Govt considering ‘family package’ rather than tax cuts alone - Too much migration discourages investment: Treasury The Treasury - Statement on the Long-Term Fiscal Position Labour - Talk of tax cuts is plain crazy - Treasury sounds warning bell – but National’s not listening - Don't believe the hype - debt has skyrocketed under National ACT - How to cut tax after an earthquake: eliminate waste Public Service Association - Continued promises of tax cuts "irresponsible" NZ Govt - Tax measures to help those affected by the quakes No Buyers: Pumpkin Patch Stores To Close No buyers have emerged for children's clothing retailer Pumpkin Patch, meaning the company will sell all stock and be wound down, with 63 people losing their jobs this week, the receivers have announced. More>> ALSO: KordaMentha - No buyer for Pumpkin Patch First Union - No buyer found for Pumpkin Patch, head office staff to go Immigration: Record Annual Net Gain Of 70,300 Migrants New Zealand’s unadjusted annual net gain (more arrivals than departures) of migrants was a record 70,300 in the October 2016 year, Statistics New Zealand said today. This surpasses the previous annual record of 70,000 in the September 2016 year More>> ALSO: BusinessDesk - Too much migration discourages investment: Treasury NZ First - National’s Immigration Madness Continues Dairy: Fonterra Hikes Forecast Payout 75 Cts To $6/kgMS Fonterra Cooperative Group has raised its forecast payout to farmers by 75 cents per kilogram of milk solids as dwindling production in Europe, Australia and New Zealand in the face of firm demand has helped rebalance global supply and demand. More>> ALSO: Fonterra - Fonterra Increases Farmgate Milk Price Federated Farmers - Brighter News To Finish A Tough Week Dairy NZ - Milk price brings welcome boost to economy BusinessDesk - Guy announces $5 mln primary sector support package Rabobank - World Dairy Trade Faces Strong Headwinds NZ Govt - Support package for earthquake-affected primary sector BusinessDesk - Dairy farms near Kaikoura forced to dump milk Fonterra - Fonterra Update on Earthquake Impact Geographical Indications Bill Passes: Wine Industry Welcomes New Legislation “Our ‘Geographical Indications’ - the names and places where our wines come from - are at the very heart of the New Zealand wine story and this new law provides an additional level of protection for them.” More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Good news for wine and spirit industries NZ First - Geographical Indicators Bill Patronises Maori Spirits NZ - Spirits NZ Welcomes Passage of Geographic Indicators Bill The Price Of Cheese: Appeal Court Turns Down Fonterra Bid To Keep Inferior Terms Fonterra Cooperative Group has lost its bid to overturn a High Court ruling against inferior terms offered to the suppliers of the failed New Zealand Dairies Ltd business in South Canterbury. More>> ALSO: NZ Court of Appeal - Judgment: Fonterra v McIntyre and Williamson Get More From Scoop Submit News/Press Releases To Scoop Scoop Online Community Scoop Media on Facebook Follow Scoop on Twitter Scoop YouTube Channel   LATEST HEADLINES BUSINESS SCI-TECH While you were sleeping: US dollar strengthens 7:40 AM | BusinessDesk Mantra Group Announces Five New Hotel Signings 23/11/16 | Mantra Group Yealands Wine Group Earthquake Update 23/11/16 | Yealands Wine Group Support For Quake Hit Taxpayers Fair And Reasonable 23/11/16 | Federated Farmers SodaStream Rejects Gag Order 23/11/16 | SodaStream Statement re sealing of Pike River Mine 23/11/16 | Solid Energy NZ Groundbreaking Ceremony of Hawaiki Cable Landing Station 23/11/16 | Hawaiki Cable More   RSS Global influence hat trick for Lincoln professor 23/11/16 | Lincoln University Soul Machines raises Series A investment led by 23/11/16 | Soul Machines Artificial Intelligence deal biggest yet 23/11/16 | University of Auckland Satellite observations provide new insight into sea levels 23/11/16 | Victoria University of... Skin is the game for Kiwi regenerative medicine spinoff 23/11/16 | Upside Biotechnologies Scientists detect huge fault rupture offshore from Kaikoura 22/11/16 | NIWA Bacteria communicate to ramp up collective immune response 22/11/16 | University of Otago More   RSS   Featured InfoPages   Bill Bennett on Tech Australian websites download faster in Auckland th... 6:41 PM | Bill Bennett Work starts on Hawaiki – a faster, fatter pipe to ... 2:59 AM | Bill Bennett Much ado about Super Wi-Fi 5:08 AM | Bill Bennett How Ultrafast Broadband reforms changed telco sect... 20 Nov | Bill Bennett Surface Book underlines the problem with hybrids 19 Nov | Bill Bennett Microsoft Surface Book one year on 14 Nov | Bill Bennett More copper criticism as Vodafone joins fixed 4G w... 12 Nov | Bill Bennett More   RSS   BUSINESS.scoop Valuecruncher Boy Airlifted from Tongariro Crossing 3:36 PM | admin Motorcyclists warning: Burt Monroe Challenge this ... 3:32 PM | admin New animation shows how Western Ring Route will ea... 3:30 PM | admin Mantra Group Announces Five New Hotel Signings 3:28 PM | admin Kiwi Vapers Come to Kaikoura’s Rescue 3:26 PM | admin Yealands Wine Group Earthquake Update 3:24 PM | admin Support For Quake Hit Taxpayers Fair And Reasonabl... 3:23 PM | admin More   RSS News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More   RSS News Alerts     Powershop Loudhailer 1. Powershop and Pulse big winners of electricity customer switch 2. Stuff.co.nz: Stable power prices expected 3. Stuff.co.nz: Force against Powershop over Darth Vader image 4. Stuff.co.nz: Powershop 6th Fastest Growing Company in Asia Pacific 5. Forbes.com: Powershop - The eBay of Electricity by Tony Seba 6. NZ Herald: Powershop Tops Rankings For Consumer Satisfaction (Again)     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News 2011 Election Results Graphic - NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ Election Results - 2011 NZ General Election Results Finance NZ Dollar/US Graph NZ & AUS Shares JP Yen/US Dollar Graph Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Other Links New Fisher & Paykel kitchen appliances Business Management Training Courses Scoop Newsagent Media Monitoring Email Alerts Media Tracking     Contact Newsagent Login Business Search Scoop       Scoop.co.nz About Us Contact Submit News Services Advertise Newsagent Subscribe Login Scoop on Facebook Scoop on Twitter Scoop - Mobile Site Headline Wires Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Sections Comment Multimedia NZ Politics Biz & Sci/Tech World Lifestyle Video Specialist Sites InfoPages TechLab Werewolf Gordon Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Scoop Gaza Scoop Auckland Scoop Wellington Scoop Community Scoop Parliament Today Advertising Scoop Search Scoop Scoop Media Cartel Scoop Public Address The Standard Theatreview LiveNews Pundit SpareRoom The Big Idea © Scoop Media |  Terms of Use |  Privacy Policy | Feedback  
null
null
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Business updated: 8/8/2016 9:29 PM Asia stocks flat, oil retreats Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks drifted lower in early trading Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, as investors sized up the latest company earnings and deal news. The major stock indexes were coming off new highs set a week earlier following a strong U.S. jobs report. Energy stocks surged the most as oil prices rose, while health care companies were the biggest laggard. Associated Press   By YOUKYUNG LEE     SEOUL, South Korea -- Asian stock markets were little changed Tuesday after Wall Street closed nearly flat amid little market-moving news. Prices of oil retreated slightly after reports of a new OPEC meeting sparked a rally. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 added 0.1 percent to 16,669.12 and South Korea's Kospi edged up 0.2 percent to 2,035.97. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 0.3 percent to 22,416.01 while China's Shanghai Composite Index stayed flat at 3,004.48. Stocks in Australia, Indonesia and Taiwan remained nearly unchanged. CHINA DATA: China's consumer price index gained 1.8 percent last month over a year earlier, slower than June's 1.9 percent, Xinhua said citing the National Bureau of Statistics. The July figure is the third monthly drop in a row since April when the consumer price index reached its highest level since July 2014. The news came a day after China reported another fall in exports for the month of July as weak global demand hampered efforts to shore up Chinese trade. OPEC MEETS: Amid little market-moving news, oil was in focus after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries announced Monday that oil ministers of the 14-nation organization will meet next month, well ahead of their previously scheduled November meeting. It is unusual for the OPEC to come together outside of their regularly set gatherings and the report pushed up the price of crude oil overnight. ANALYST'S TAKE: "News that OPEC would be having a September meeting with certain members keen to push for supply cuts again served as the impetus for oil prices to rally. While a deal is highly unlikely to eventuate, the fact that it is even being mentioned shows how much difficulty the past month's renewed sell-off was causing many struggling OPEC members," Angus Nicholson, a market analyst at IG in Melbourne, Australia, said in a daily commentary. WALL STREET: U.S. stock markets finished nearly unchanged on Monday, hovering just below the record highs they set late last week. The Dow Jones industrial average slipped 14.24 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,529.29. The S&P 500 index dipped 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,180.89. The Nasdaq shed 7.98 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,213.14. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 22 cents at $42.80 per barrel in New York. The contract rose $1.22, or 2.9 percent, to close at $43.02 per barrel on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 28 cents at $45.11 per barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 102.33 yen from 102.36 yen while the euro fell to $1.108 from $1.109. Tweet This article filed under: Markets Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
null
The Atlantic Subscribe Search Menu What Walmart Gets From Jet.com Close Home Latest Most Popular Magazine Video Photo Writers News Politics Business Culture Science Technology Health Sexes U.S. Society Education Global Notes Projects Next America Events Books Shop Your AccountLog Out Log InCreate Account 2 Free Issues Try two trial issues of The Atlantic with our compliments. Claim now Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store See our Newsletters > What Walmart Gets From Jet.com The world’s largest retailer has acquired a new customer base, proprietary pricing software, and the faculties of a CEO who’s taken aim at Amazon. Edgard Garrido / Reuters Most Popular The Trump Takeover The Editors 7:15 AM ET 'Hail Trump!': White Nationalists Salute the President Elect Daniel Lombroso and Yoni Appelbaum Nov 21, 2016 The Running Conversation in Your Head Julie Beck 7:00 AM ET The Electoral College Was Meant to Stop Men Like Trump From Being President Peter Beinart Nov 21, 2016 What’s So Great About American World Leadership? Hugh White 10:41 AM ET Bourree Lam Aug 8, 2016 Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Last week, there were whispers that Walmart was in talks to buy e-commerce retailer Jet.com. On Monday, Walmart announced that the acquisition would be moving forward, at a cost of $3 billion in cash and $300 million worth of Walmart shares. The two brands will not be combined, but both companies are looking to take advantage of each other’s strengths to offer low prices online. The deal is a way for both companies to challenge their primary competitor, Amazon. For Walmart, Amazon has become an existential threat as more Americans have been buying household items online: Amazon’s 2015 sales revenue included nearly $80 billion in product sales, and the company accounted for 60 percent of the year’s growth in U.S. online sales growth. Walmart’s sales, overall, still far outstrip Amazon’s at $482 billion, but its e-commerce sales, at $12.5 billion— just 2.5 percent of its total sales—have been slowing in the past two years. In a call with investors regarding Walmart’s second-quarter earnings in May, CEO Doug McMillon said that growth in its e-commerce sector wasn’t fast enough. In the past decade, Walmart has largely focused on its sales in its physical locations. But earlier this year, the company announced the closure of over 150 U.S. stores, and while it still has about 4,600 of them, it is looking for growth that pairs its massive brick-and-mortar scale with robust online retail. There are a few specific things Walmart will acquire in the Jet.com deal that might aid in the company’s fight to fend off Amazon. First is a new crop of customers. Jet reports that it has a growing base of “urban and millennial customers” and that it adds 400,000 new shoppers a month—a level of growth that is likely very appealing to Walmart. Second is technology: Jet uses an algorithm that minimizes supply-chain, logistics, and shipping costs, as well as software that shows different prices to different customers. It’s been speculated that this pricing technology is a main component of the deal. The third piece, interestingly, is Jet.com’s CEO, Marc Lore. Recode reported that Lore will continue to run Jet, but will also run Walmart’s e-commerce after the deal closes. It’s likely that Walmart will be looking to Lore for creative ideas when it comes to online retailing, as Lore has spent the past decade competing with Amazon. And he’s been successful: Lore sold his company Quidsi, which owned Diapers.com and Soap.com, to Amazon for $550 million in 2010. But more recently, Lore has been open about being anti-Amazon; a Bloomberg BusinessWeek profile of him reported that he was “preparing to assault it” with Jet.com. The Walmart-Jet deal is expected to close this year, and with McMillon and Lore setting their aim on Amazon, it looks like the beginning of a long price war between the internet’s biggest American retailer and the combined forces of its two rivals. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video What Ancient Mariners Have in Common With NASA Scientists A short film explains how they both use a technique called "slingshotting" to explore new worlds. Nadine Ajaka 1:15 PM ET About the Author Bourree Lam is an associate editor at The Atlantic. She was previously the editor of Freakonomics.com. Twitter Email previousObama’s Last Attempt at Immigration ReformnextDodge City Postcard Most Popular Presented by Carolyn Kaster / AP The Trump Takeover The Editors After a shocking upset, the president-elect and his party prepare for next year. Following his unexpected defeat of Hillary Clinton in the presidential election, Donald Trump and his team are ramping up preparations for his transition. We’ll bring you the latest developments on the transition here. For more of our coverage, read: Matt Ford speaks with former White House ethics czar Norman Eisen about the legal challenges facing the president-elect. Lilly O’Donnell on the ‘Hamilton Electors’ hoping for an Electoral College revolt. Garrett Epps on the signal sent by picking Jeff Sessions for attorney general. Krishnadev Calamur on Donald Trump’s choice as national security adviser. Kaveh Waddell on Trump’s pick for CIA director and its possible implications on government surveillance. Russell Berman on whether Trump will be ready to govern come Inauguration Day. Ed Yong on the role of science experts in a Trump administration. Chris Bodenner with a series of stories from Trump and Clinton voters. Continue Reading Daniel Lombroso / The Atlantic 'Hail Trump!': White Nationalists Salute the President Elect Daniel Lombroso and Yoni Appelbaum Video of an alt-right conference in Washington, D.C., where Trump’s victory was met with cheers and Nazi salutes. “Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory!” That’s how Richard B. Spencer saluted more than 200 attendees on Saturday, gathered at the Ronald Reagan Building in Washington, D.C., for the annual conference of the National Policy Institute, which describes itself as “an independent organization dedicated to the heritage, identity, and future of  people of European descent in the United States, and around the world.” Spencer has popularized the term “alt-right” to describe the movement he leads. Spencer has said his dream is “a new society, an ethno-state that would be a gathering point for all Europeans,” and has called for “peaceful ethnic cleansing.” For most of the day, a parade of speakers discussed their ideology in relatively anodyne terms, putting a presentable face on their agenda. But after dinner, when most journalists had already departed, Spencer rose and delivered a speech to his followers dripping with anti-Semitism, and leaving no doubt as to what he actually seeks. He referred to the mainstream media as “Lügenpresse,” a term he said he was borrowing from “the original German”; the Nazis used the word to attack their critics in the press. Continue Reading Frederick Carl Frieseke / Wikimedia The Running Conversation in Your Head Julie Beck What a close study of "inner speech" reveals about why humans talk to themselves Language is the hallmark of humanity—it allows us to form deep relationships and complex societies. But we also use it when we’re all alone; it shapes even our silent relationships with ourselves. In his book, The Voices Within, Charles Fernyhough gives a historical overview of “inner speech”—the more scientific term for “talking to yourself in your head.” Fernyhough, a professor at Durham University in the U.K., says that inner speech develops alongside social speech. This idea was pioneered by Lev Vygotsky, a Russian psychologist who studied children in the 1920s and noted that when they learned to talk to other humans, they also learned how to talk to themselves, first out loud, and eventually, in their heads. Continue Reading Mike Segar / Reuters The Electoral College Was Meant to Stop Men Like Trump From Being President Peter Beinart The founders envisioned electors as people who could prevent an irresponsible demagogue from taking office. Americans talk about democracy like it’s sacred. In public discourse, the more democratic American government is, the better. The people are supposed to rule. But that’s not the premise that underlies America’s political system. Most of the men who founded the United States feared unfettered majority rule. James Madison wrote in Federalist 10 that systems of government based upon “pure democracy … have ever been found incompatible with personal security or the rights of property.” John Adams wrote in 1814 that, “Democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts and murders itself.” The framers constructed a system that had democratic features. The people had a voice. They could, for instance, directly elect members of the House of Representatives. But the founders also self-consciously limited the people’s voice. Continue Reading Yamada Taro / Getty What’s So Great About American World Leadership? Hugh White The U.S. voters who rejected decades of bipartisan foreign-policy consensus might be on to something. How has America come to elect a president who so starkly repudiated decades’ worth of the largely bipartisan vision of U.S. global leadership? And if that vision won’t be the basis of American foreign policy in the 21st century, what will replace it? The big message of 2016 is that large numbers of American voters, Democrat and Republican, do not buy what their political leaders have been selling for so long, and that includes foreign policy. The evidence of this from Trump’s victory is reinforced by Senator Bernie Sanders’ remarkable showing in the Democratic primaries, and by years’ worth of public-opinion surveys showing the widespread view that the United States “does too much in helping solve world problems.” It is also reinforced by the high poll numbers of an outgoing president who has mounted his own quiet campaign against key elements of Washington’s foreign-policy orthodoxy. Continue Reading Carlo Allegri / Reuters Donald Trump's Conflicts of Interest: A Crib Sheet Jeremy Venook A semi-comprehensive list of the business concerns that may influence the president-elect as he prepares for the nation’s highest office Though several previous presidents have entered office with private fortunes to their names, none has done so with a business empire nearly as large or complicated as that of President-elect Donald J. Trump. Estimates of Trump’s wealth vary substantially: While he self-reports a net worth of $10 billion, independent agencies have arrived at valuation generally between $3 billion and $5 billion. The unprecedented nature of Trump’s business interests, coupled with the many precedents that Trump broke throughout his campaign—not releasing his tax returns, for example, which severely limits attempts to understand his financial situation—has provoked speculation that his presidency may bring about equally unprecedented opportunities for conflicts of interest. Trump’s response—provided on Twitter—only reinforces concerns that he will make little effort to avoid entangling his business and personal interests, and will instead attack those who point that out. Continue Reading sketchblog/flickr Masters of Love Emily Esfahani Smith Science says lasting relationships come down to—you guessed it—kindness and generosity. Every day in June, the most popular wedding month of the year, about 13,000 American couples will say “I do,” committing to a lifelong relationship that will be full of friendship, joy, and love that will carry them forward to their final days on this earth. Except, of course, it doesn’t work out that way for most people. The majority of marriages fail, either ending in divorce and separation or devolving into bitterness and dysfunction. Of all the people who get married, only three in ten remain in healthy, happy marriages, as psychologist Ty Tashiro points out in his book The Science of Happily Ever After, which was published earlier this year. Social scientists first started studying marriages by observing them in action in the 1970s in response to a crisis: Married couples were divorcing at unprecedented rates. Worried about the impact these divorces would have on the children of the broken marriages, psychologists decided to cast their scientific net on couples, bringing them into the lab to observe them and determine what the ingredients of a healthy, lasting relationship were. Was each unhappy family unhappy in its own way, as Tolstoy claimed, or did the miserable marriages all share something toxic in common? Continue Reading Chris Keane / Reuters What's Really Going On in North Carolina's Gubernatorial Race? David A. Graham Recounts, lawsuits, challenges—and the prospect of a legislative coup? Here’s why the race between Governor Pat McCrory and Democrat Roy Cooper isn’t over yet. DURHAM, N.C.—It’s been two weeks since Election Day, which means that in 49 states, residents know who their governor will be next year. North Carolinians, however, are still waiting to see. At the end of balloting on November 8, Democrat Roy Cooper, the current state attorney general, had a lead of a few thousand votes over Governor Pat McCrory, a Republican. Cooper promptly declared victory, but McCrory has not conceded the race, and the state has not been able to declare a winner. On Monday, Cooper announced a transition team, while McCrory accused him of “circumventing the electoral process.” Cooper’s lead fluctuated throughout the day on Tuesday as more counties returned their final canvass, but as of writing it was a little more than 6,000 votes out of roughly 4,700,000. (The most up-to-date results are here.) Continue Reading Netflix Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life Is a Rare TV Revival That Works David Sims The beloved family dramedy returns with a Netflix mini-series that’s self-aware enough to succeed. The nostalgic TV revival is a genre still in search of a purpose: Too often, shows like Arrested Development, Full House, and The X-Files have returned for no reason other than to gin up easy viewership, to appeal to those seeking to remember better days. Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life is the first such TV sequel that really uses the long-delayed circumstances of its existence to its advantage. There’s a smart self-awareness to the show (available on Netflix starting Friday) that goes beyond sly winks to the camera about how long it’s been since its titular mother-daughter team have appeared onscreen. Considering it could merely exist as a cheap cash-in, that A Year in the Life feels so emotionally resonant is somewhat miraculous. Continue Reading Etienne Fabre / SSAC A Shocking Find In a Neanderthal Cave In France Ed Yong A rock structure, built deep underground, is one of the earliest hominin constructions ever found. In February 1990, thanks to a 15-year-old boy named Bruno Kowalsczewski, footsteps echoed through the chambers of Bruniquel Cave for the first time in tens of thousands of years. The cave sits in France’s scenic Aveyron Valley, but its entrance had long been sealed by an ancient rockslide. Kowalsczewski’s father had detected faint wisps of air emerging from the scree, and the boy spent three years clearing away the rubble. He eventually dug out a tight, thirty-meter-long passage that the thinnest members of the local caving club could squeeze through. They found themselves in a large, roomy corridor. There were animal bones and signs of bear activity, but nothing recent. The floor was pockmarked with pools of water. The walls were punctuated by stalactites (the ones that hang down) and stalagmites (the ones that stick up). Continue Reading To Break a Phone Addiction, Turn Your Screen Gray James Hamblin, Nicolas Pollock, and Jaclyn Skurie A suggestion for compulsive checkers Watch Video We're Probably Imagining Aliens Wrong Nadine Ajaka Why haven’t we found extraterrestrial life? It might be because we think it looks like human life. Watch Video The Battle at Standing Rock Nadine Ajaka "These are our only remaining homelands, we have to protect them." Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2016 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals ToysRUsBlackFriday Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Walmart Buys Jet.com For $3 Billion Walmart Buys Jet.com For $3 Billion By Angela Moscaritolo August 8, 2016 10:12am EST 10 Comments Walmart stands to gain "fresh ideas and expertise, as well as an attractive brand with proven appeal." In an effort to improve its website and woo millennials, Walmart today announced it is acquiring Hoboken, NJ-based e-commerce company Jet.com for $3 billion in cash. The world's largest retailer will also pay $300 million of its shares over time as part of the transaction, which has been approved by both companies' boards and is expected to close before the end of 2016. Walmart said the acquisition will "infuse" the big box retailer "with fresh ideas and expertise, as well as an attractive brand with proven appeal, especially with millennials." Jet.com does indeed have an impressive track record, reaching $1 billion in sales its first year and growing its customer base of "urban and millennial" shoppers by more than 400,000 people monthly. The online retailer offers some 12 million products and processes an average of 25,000 orders every day. Its technology rewards customers in real-time with discounts on items that are bought and shipped together, "thereby reducing the supply-chain and logistics costs often buried in the price of goods," Walmart said. Current Jet customers don't need to worry about the brand going away. After the acquisition closes, each organization will continue to maintain their distinct brands. Walmart and Jet will leverage each other's technology to "develop new offerings to help customers save time and money," the companies said. //Related Articles Walmart Pay Now Available in Stores Nationwide In a statement, Walmart President and CEO Doug McMillon elaborated on that plan. "We're looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that's what our customers want," McMillon said. "We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities. "Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we're pursuing will happen quicker, and we'll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time… It's another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart," he added. Back to top Previous : Google Adding Critic Reviews, Best-of Lists to Search Result... Hulu Ends Free Streaming Service Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Nostalgia Alert: Play Solitaire on iOS, Android Now The app offers 'five of the best' Solitaire card games — Klondike, Spider, FreeCell, Pyramid and Tri... More » Your Xbox One Games Will Soon Stream to Oculus Rift The feature won't turn your Xbox One favorites into VR games, it'll just let you play them in a virt... More » Liar, Liar, iPhone on Fire? Report Says Android Users More Honest A new study out of the UK finds that Android users are more likely to be male, older, more honest an... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart is getting a huge perk from Jet.com that no one's talking about Hayley Peterson Aug. 8, 2016, 3:32 PM 11,305 facebook linkedin twitter email print Walmart employees partake in Shareholders Meeting festivities in front of the company's Bentonville headquarters. Walmart Walmart's $3 billion purchase of Jet.com has been widely praised as a win for both companies. The acquisition is expected to help Walmart refine its e-commerce businesses, while helping Jet.com expand its reach and strengthen its negotiating power with suppliers. But the implications for Walmart go even further, according to UBS analyst Michael Lasser. The deal could help Walmart shed any perceptions that it's a retail dinosaur still deeply rooted in the era when brick-and-mortar stores thrived. In turn, Walmart could start attracting top tech talent away from Amazon, eBay, and other top online retailers. "Until now, Walmart probably faced some difficulty attracting the best & brightest engineers & [e-commerce] talent given its perception as a 'traditional retailer,'" Lasser wrote in a note to clients on Monday. "We think the addition of a rapidly growing and innovative retailer should enable Walmart to attract human capital and knowledge that it might not have otherwise been able to attain." Data from Euromonitor Lasser said it will be important for Walmart to hold on to Jet's talent — especially founder Marc Lore — in addition to attracting new talent. "We think it will be critical for Walmart to let Jet stand alone, enabling this rapidly growing business to not get distracted by the bureaucratic culture of a large enterprise," Lasser wrote. "Plus, we think it will be important for Walmart to hold onto the talent. In particular, Mr. Lore ... [who] has proven himself to be a serial entrepreneur, which might eventually lead him to look beyond his role at Jet." The acquisition could also help Walmart attract younger shoppers that live in cities. Jet's shoppers tend to be young, urban millennials, according to Walmart. SEE ALSO: Walmart's new $3 billion weapon could pose a huge threat to Amazon NOW WATCH: Fashion designer Christian Siriano explains why malls are dying Loading video... More: Retail Walmart facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart is getting a huge perk from Jet.com that no one's talking about Walmart is getting a huge perk from Jet.com that no one's talking about Walmart's $3 billion purchase of Jet.com has... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Man Behind Jet.Com; The Wall Street Journal Profiles Marc Lore Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} August 08, 2016 2:52pm   Comments Share: Related AMZN Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining Relevant' Which FANG Stocks Should You Buy In the Trump Era? IBM And SoftLayer: Is A $3 Billion Write-Off Looming? (Seeking Alpha) Related WMT Can't Wait For Black Friday? These Retail Stores Are Open On Thanksgiving Day Watch Stocks In Vogue How Overtime Pay Ruling Affects Wal-Mart, Dollar Tree, Fast Food (Investor's Business Daily) Marc Lore is the brains behind Jet.com, the retail e-commerce that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) acquired on Monday for $3.3 billion. The Wall Street Journal profiled Lore on Monday following the acquisition announcement and quickly pointed out his plans to battle Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) "didn't pan out as he projected," but he will assume a senior leadership position at Wal-Mart. Lore, a 45-year-old native of Staten Island, New York, is no stranger to e-commerce. He sold Diapers.com and Soap.com in 2010 for $550 million — ironically to Amazon, Wal-Mart's largest foe. The Birth Of Quidsi Diapers.com was created to fill a void that Lore recognized: delivering household goods quickly and reliably to busy mothers. Realizing the site had potential for success he created Soap.com. He combined Diapers.com and Soap.com into a company called Quidsi. Related Link: Wal-Mart Confirms $3 Billion Deal For Jet.com Prior to that, he created an online sports cards trading company called The Pit, which he sold to Topps Co. for around $5.7 million in 2001. After Quidsi Lore eventually sold Quidsi for roughly 10 times the amount of venture capital he raised after taking Amazon head on in a pricing war before deciding to sell the company and join its team. "Marc is the most talented e-commerce operator I've come across," the Wall Street Journal quoted Jeremy Levine of Bessemer Venture Partners and investor in Quidsi as saying. "He has a deep, intuitive grasp of the finance side of things — that's something that most entrepreneurs don't have an eye for." Lore left Amazon in 2013 after his contract expired and decided to take on his former employer through Jet.com which promised to deliver consumers prices that we as much as 15 percent cheaper than Amazon. Lore felt that Jet.com would achieve profitability by 2020 when it delivers $20 billion worth of goods a year. However, the business struggled in its early days, and Lore scrapped an initial pledge not to charge an annual membership fee and offering smaller discounts compared to its competitors. Nevertheless, Wal-Mart made it official on Monday that it will acquire the company for more than $3 billion — a notable premium over a round of financing last October which valued the company at just $1.35 billion. Full ratings data available on Benzinga Pro. Do you have ideas for articles/interviews you'd like to see more of on Benzinga? Please email feedback@benzinga.com with your best article ideas. One person will be randomly selected to win a $20 Amazon gift card! Posted-In: Bessemer Venture Partners Jeremy Levin jet.com ecommerceNews Wall Street Journal Management M&A Media Best of Benzinga © 2016 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + WMT) Analyst: Hewlett Packard Enterprise Has 'Zero Chance Of Remaining Relevant' Can't Wait For Black Friday? These Retail Stores Are Open On Thanksgiving Day Which FANG Stocks Should You Buy In the Trump Era? Holiday Pilot Strike: UPS, FedEx, DHL and Amazon In Play 10 Stocks That Rallied Three Days On Increasing Volume Watch Stocks In Vogue View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on AMZN Trending Recent 1 ROKA, GTE: 18 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 2 JACK, HPQ: 12 Stocks You Should Be Watching Today 3 LLY, VEEV: 20 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 4 CTSH: Bank Of America Cuts Cognizant's Price Targe... 5 CUDA, FEYE: Palo Alto: This Cybersecurity Firm'... 6 BABA, TSLA: President-Elect Trump and You... 7 FNMA, FNBC: An Activist's... 1 DPLO: Diplomat Pharmacy Shares Downgraded To Underperform 2 LLY, XLF: A Tough Day For Some Biotech Bulls 3 BLK, USMV: Smart Beta ETFs Keep Packing On Assets 4 HPE: Hewlett Packard Enterprises Satisfies Those Looking For... 5 AVXL, BIIB: Eli Lilly's Solanezumab Failure: Alzheime... 6 ALBO, ENBL: 18 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Wednesday 7 VEEV, GME: 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Ferrari's Pricing Power An Underappreciated Profit Driver, Says UBS 9 To 5 Mac: Here's What To Expect For The Apple Watch 2
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Amazon is crushing Walmart in the space where people are spending the most money online Eugene Kim Aug. 8, 2016, 3:05 PM 3,262 facebook linkedin twitter email print Walmart just spent $3 billion on Jet.com, a move that is expected to help boost its lagging e-commerce sales. But the Jet.com acquisition doesn't address Walmart's struggles in the largest online category that Amazon continues to eat into: clothing and apparel sales. As this chart from Statista shows, apparel and accessories saw the highest spending in the US last year, generating $63.79 billion in total revenue. Statista projects US online apparel sales will keep growing at a robust pace, reaching $100 billion in sales by 2019. Statista The problem is Walmart has been losing its share to Amazon in the online apparel category over the past two years. Neither company breaks down its sales by specific categories, but a survey by market research firm Cowen & Co. gives a clue to how the two companies fared in clothing and apparel sales. Cowen's monthly consumer survey of 2,500 US consumers show Amazon growing the size of its apparel purchasers by 27% over the past two years. In the same period, Walmart's number dropped 2.1%, while Target's dropped 1.3%. Although Walmart saw a 12.4% growth in the latest month, that's likely due to the huge drop it saw in the year-ago period. What's more impressive is that Amazon used to have the smallest size back in the second quarter of 2014, but has completely turned the tables and is now considered the distinct leader in this space. Cowen & Co. On top of that, Amazon has been growing the size of its apparel buyers relative to the overall customer base, while Walmart and Target have seen stagnant growth there, as this chart by Cowen & Co. shows: Cowen & Co. Now, the question is whether Jet.com's acquisition will help Walmart grow its apparel business, but that doesn't seem to be the case either. According to market research firm Slice Intelligence, Jet.com's biggest advantage against Amazon is in the grocery and kitchen product markets, and doesn't offer much against Amazon's thriving apparel unit. As this chart by Slice shows, apparel & accessories represent the worst sales contribution to Jet.com against Amazon: Slice Intelligence Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: These superstar execs made more than $5 million selling business software last year NOW WATCH: Scientists have discovered why American honey bees are turning into zombies Loading video... More: Amazon Jeff Bezos Walmart Jet.com facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Amazon is crushing Walmart in the space where people are spending the most money online Amazon is crushing Walmart in the space where people are spending the most money online Walmart just spent $3 billion on Jet.com, a... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Walmart buys Jet.com for $3 billion Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Broncos huddle with needy Nuggets stun Bulls C-470 expansion project DIA 8th in delays Cheryl Preheim leaving 9News Denver Weather Business Walmart buys online retail newcomer Jet.com for $3 billion Walmart intends to take a chunk out of Amazon with deal valued at $3.3 billion Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By The Associated Press PUBLISHED: August 8, 2016 at 12:22 pm | UPDATED: August 15, 2016 at 2:34 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Denver Sheriff Department penalized for wrongful hiring practices Cheryl Preheim leaving 9News Denver for Atlanta U.S. court blocks overtime expansion pay rule for 4 million people Judge hears arguments in Highlands Ranch neighbors’ effort to halt C-470 expansion Three leaders in the Bandidos motorcycle club headed to prison Broncos’ high-stakes meeting with Chiefs carries only one guarantee: drama NEW YORK  — Walmart is buying fast-growing online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, scooping up a newcomer that launched a year ago with the intention of challenging online leader Amazon. The deal announced Monday shows Walmart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively as it has seen its online business growth slow, even with big investments in distribution centers and expanding services. In June, it announced it was forming a partnership with JD.com in China to bolster its presence in that market. Analysts say Walmart buying Jet.com still won’t enable it to catch up to Amazon in sales, but it will help widen the gap between itself and other retailers online. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com to make it on their own in a sphere Amazon dominates with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups in an extremely competitive landscape. In January, Hudson’s Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchased flash-sales site Gilt Group. And in June, Bed, Bath & Beyond bought One Kings Lane. “This acquisition in tandem with its joint-venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Walmart is attacking online retail with significant zeal,” said Moody’s lead retail analyst Charlie O’Shea. “As we believe ‘catching’ Amazon online is an unrealistic goal for any brick-and-mortar retailer, Wal-Mart now has a definite leg up on its competitors in the very important race to be No. 2 online.” As part of the deal, which Walmart expects to close this year upon regulatory approval, Walmart Stores Inc. and Jet.com will maintain separate brands. Walmart.com will stay focused on the company’s low price strategy and Jet.com will still provide a curated assortment of products. The acquisition will help Walmart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger than its own shoppers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015, sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers and has been growing fast. It has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Walmart says it also will incorporate some of Jet.com’s “smart” technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, the deal provides big financial backing. “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” said Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. “It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart.” Marc Lore, co-founder and CEO of Jet.com, said in a statement the combination of Walmart’s retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with the team, technology and business of Jet.com will allow the company to deliver more value to customers. Jet.com, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. In May, Lore told The Associated Press that Jet.com had expected to reach overall profitability in 2020 and to hit $20 billion in general merchandise value with 15 million customers. Lore also has experience competing with Amazon. As CEO of Quidsi, whose main site was diapers.com. Eventually, it bought him out for more than $500 million back in 2010. The Wall Street Journal reported that Lore will take a senior leadership position on the e-commerce side of Walmart and that Walmart’s top online executive, Neil Ashe, is expected to depart. Walmart and Jet.com each declined to comment on that. In its fiscal year ended in January, Walmart had online sales of $13.7 billion, a fraction of its total revenue of $482.1 billion. And its online figure pales in comparison to Amazon.com’s annual net revenue of $107 billion. O’Shea noted that Apple.com is the only brick-and-mortar retailer that outranks Walmart in online sales in the U.S. But Walmart reported in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7 percent in the first quarter, weaker than the 8 percent in the previous quarter and far below the 20 percent increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon’s Prime program. But while Amazon’s Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. Jet.com has also faced plenty of challenges. Three months after it launched, it ditched its annual membership fee of $49.99, leading critics to question the business model. So Jet.com promised to undercut Amazon and other retailers by 4 percent to 5 percent instead of larger discounts. O’Shea noted Walmart is “paying a lot” for Jet.com, but it was too soon to say if it overpaid. Shares of Walmart Stores Inc. slipped 50 cents to $73.26 in midday trading Monday. Its shares are up 3 percent over the past year. Tags:  More Business News Walmart Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business Broncos hire global sports marketing firm to help find new naming rights partner for Mile High November 23, 2016, 11:55 am The Denver Broncos have hired global sports marketing firm WME-IMG to help find a new naming rights partner for Sports Authority Field at Mile High, the team announced Wednesday. Expect more elbow room in stores on Black Friday November 23, 2016, 11:53 am A survey by Bankrate says only 23 percent of Americans plan to shop in stores on Black Friday, down from 28 percent in 2014 when the financial publishing company last polled consumers. Six things to watch for on Black Friday November 23, 2016, 9:21 am The frenzy is about to begin. Thanksgiving marks the starting line for America’s annual holiday shopping hysteria. Lufthansa pilot strike forces 1,800 flight cancellations November 23, 2016, 9:05 am German airline Lufthansa canceled nearly 900 flights on Wednesday and scrapped another 912 scheduled for Thursday after pilots launched a two-day strike in a pay dispute. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Next: up in PhillyDeals: Is Amazon squeezing QVC, too? News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Obituaries Search icon | SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Think Tank Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — PhillyDeals Walmart pays $3.3B for NJ online sales firm Updated: August 8, 2016 — 3:46 PM EDT Facebook icon 2Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Game officer who shot, killed loose bull: 'I generally don't do this' Nov 22 - 7:32 PM Bowen: How the Eagles' receiving corps got rotten Nov 22 - 6:58 PM (AP Photo / Seth Wenig, File) FILE - In this Monday, May 2, 2016, file photo, Jet.com CEO Marc Lore speaks during an interview in Hoboken, N.J. Wal-Mart announced Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. by Joseph N. DiStefano, Staff Writer Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @PhillyJoeD     Joseph N. DiStefano Staff Writer Joseph N. DiStefano writes about Philadelphia-area enterprise, and the people and money that make it go.  More by Joseph N. DiStefano High spending, low taxes boosts Pa. bond costs another $50M+ above neighbors' Nov 22 'Aggressive' hiring ahead: Wayne drug tech firm buys West Coast, India offices Nov 21 Smartphone paywars: JPMorgan Chase Pay goes live Nov 21 More from Joseph N. DiStefano Arrow icon Marc Lore, the Bucknell grad who cofounded Diapers.com/Qdisi and sold it to Amazon.com for $500 million in 2010, has another fat payday: He and partners Matt Hanrahan and Jake Faust have sold their Hoboken company, Jet.com, its high-tech warehouse in Swedesboro (in South Jersey near the Barry Bridge) and other sites in Ireland, Kansas, Nevada and Utah, to Walmart for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, payable in installments. With client sales of $1 billion a year from clients including Barnes & Noble (books), GNC (non-FDA-approved pills), Toys R Us, Sports Authority (now in bankruptcy), and hundreds more, Jet grew fast, but remains far short of displacing Amazon as the dominant online retailer. It will now help Walmart, the largest retail store chain, try and catch up to Amazon's long lead in warehouse direct sales.  Walmart wants Jet for the company's "dynamic pricing and sourcing," said Stefan Weitz, chief product and strategy officer at Radial (formerly eBay Enterprise), a retail-sales service  in King of Prussia. "One of Jet.com’s value propositions is that they are able to reprice items in your basket, based on the other items you buy," Weitz told me. "Jet is able to do this because they are constantly repricing their goods based on the (profit) margins they’ve decided they need to hit.  When you order two things that happen to ship from the same warehouse, they can combine shipping of the items, reducing their (costs) and therefore enabling them to reduce the price they charge to the consumer," without cutting profitability. The software needed to match profit targets to inventory and location and quickly adjust prices -- and still deliver on time -- "is a phenomenally complex computer science task" -- with special resonance for Walmart, Weitz added: Jet's approach neatly recalls Walmart's former Rollback in-store price-cut strategy, which relied on old-fashioned inventory and sales tracking. By bringing back similar price cuts, based on instant digital calculations, Jet.com makes Walmart more appealing to longtime customers as they move online, to get them to buy more and keep coming back, Weitz concluded.    Jet founders and investors will be richly paid: The firm raised at least $470 million from investors including Boston's Fidelity and Bain investment firms, Philadelphia-based MentorTech, Silicon Valley-based Accel Partners and Google Ventures, Washington-based New Enterprise Associates, New York-based Goldman Sachs, and others, mostly in 2014. "The transaction is well within Walmart's financial resources," wrote Diya G. Iyer, analyst at Standard & Poor's credit rating agency in a report to clients this morning. Jet "has the potential to accelerate Wal-Mart's e-commerce growth and enhance capabilities to compete more effectively against Amazon.com through Jet.com's pricing algorithms and unique fulfillment approach." But that doesn't guarantee Walmart will be able to rapidly boost online sales, which accounted for only about 3% of Wal-Mart purchases last year, a fraction of online sales at more tech-friendly companies like Philadelphia-based Urban Outfitters. total company sales last year.   "Walmart has already invested billions of dollars in its Wal-Mart Pay mobile app, Amazon Prime rival Shipping Pass and various other digital efforts in recent years," but "it continues to face challenges in competing with Amazon, which has more than seven times the sales including its Web-service business," Iyer concluded. More Coverage Is Amazon squeezing QVC? Aug 9 - 6:00 AM Published: August 8, 2016 — 1:13 PM EDT | Updated: August 8, 2016 — 3:46 PM EDT The Philadelphia Inquirer Continue Reading More in business Technology › Comcast courts Sling for multicultural content Business › Judge squelches new OT regs: Now what? Business › Wolf pledges $300M for port; could mean 2,000 jobs Blatstein lands partner for Atlantic City Mall NY investment firm buys section of Strawbridge building offices Attorneys involved offer insights into $265M Amtrak derailment settlement North American Title moving from office in Cherry Hill to Mt. Laurel High spending, low taxes boosts Pa. bond costs another $50M+ above neighbors' Taxpayers pay more while politicians dicker Sunoco Logistics to merge with parent company PUC's Powelson takes helm of national utility regulatory group Comcast ups BuzzFeed stake to $400M Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Goodman Birtcher secures lease with Walmart at Goodman Logistics Center Fontana, CA News provided by Goodman Birtcher Aug 08, 2016, 13:54 ET Share this article FONTANA, Calif., Aug. 8, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Goodman Group (Goodman or Group), one of the world's largest industrial property groups, with a global network spanning 16 countries and over $25 billion (A$33 billion) of assets under management, today announces that its wholly owned North American subsidiary, Goodman Birtcher, has secured a lease with Walmart for 639,473 square feet at Goodman Logistics Center Fontana, California. Goodman's North American platform continues to gain momentum with the recent lease transaction completed with Walmart for 100% of Goodman Logistics Center Fontana. This lease adds to Goodman Birtcher's growing customer base in North America including Georgia Pacific, Amazon, Safeway, CTSI Logistics and Volkswagen Group. Continue Reading Goodman Logistics Center Fontana, CA. Brandon Birtcher, CEO of Goodman Birtcher said, "The new facility represents Goodman's third lease with Walmart and expands our existing relationship with the multinational retailer. We look forward to supporting Walmart's future growth in North America and welcome them to our modern, high quality logistics facility." Goodman Logistics Center Fontana benefits from excellent infrastructure connections, located less than one mile from the I-10, nine miles from Ontario International Airport, four miles from FedEx's international parcel hub, and approximately 60 miles from the Ports of Los Angeles / Long Beach. Starting on the first of August, Walmart will take occupancy of the recently constructed, Class A logistics facility. Lee and Associates represented Goodman and Walmart was advised by JLL on the lease transaction. Goodman Logistics Center Fontana is one of a number of projects in Goodman Birtcher's US$2.3 billion identified US development pipeline, which will provide 17.7 million square feet of Class A logistics space. Goodman Birtcher continues to execute its US strategy, which is focused on growing its portfolio organically, targeting selective development and value add opportunities in the key logistics and industrial markets of Inland Empire, Greater Los Angeles, Northern New Jersey and Central Pennsylvania. Over the last 12 months, Goodman Birtcher has completed 3.3 million square feet of Class A development product in the Inland Empire West and Greater Los Angeles logistics markets, with a further 2.6 million square feet currently under construction. This is consistent with Goodman's ongoing commitment to servicing the needs of its global customer base through the development of modern, well-located properties for long-term ownership. About Goodman Birtcher Goodman Birtcher is a wholly owned US subsidiary of Goodman Group, established in June 2012 and includes the former business of Birtcher Development and Investments. It is located in Irvine, California with a regional office in Allentown, Pennsylvania. For more information: www.goodmanbirtcher.com About Goodman Goodman Group is an integrated property group with operations throughout Australia, New Zealand, Asia, Europe, the United Kingdom, North America and Brazil. Goodman Group, comprised of the stapled entities Goodman Limited, Goodman Industrial Trust and Goodman Logistics (HK) Limited, is the largest industrial property group listed on the Australian Securities Exchange and one of the largest listed specialist fund managers of industrial property and business space globally. Goodman's global property expertise, integrated own+develop+manage customer service offering and significant fund management platform ensures it creates innovative property solutions that meet the individual requirements of its customers, while seeking to deliver long-term returns for investors. For more information: www.goodman.com Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160808/396408 Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160614/379369LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/goodman-birtcher-secures-lease-with-walmart-at-goodman-logistics-center-fontana-ca-300310542.html SOURCE Goodman Birtcher Related Links http://www.goodmanbirtcher.com Jul 18, 2016, 08:30 ET Preview: Goodman Birtcher secures lease with Volkswagen at Goodman Commerce Center Eastvale, California My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jul 18, 2016, 08:30 ETGoodman Birtcher secures lease with Volkswagen at Goodman... Jun 15, 2016, 09:00 ETGoodman Birtcher completes the acquisition of two prime logistics... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Real Estate Commercial Real Estate Real Estate Transactions You just read: Goodman Birtcher secures lease with Walmart at Goodman Logistics Center Fontana, CA News provided by Goodman Birtcher Aug 08, 2016, 13:54 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News No place for Amartya Sen in Nalanda University board Kerala actor Mohanlal under fire for equating bank and liquor queues Cash rush: Government sends teams for ear-to-ground reports Two militants killed in Bandipore, new Rs 2000 notes recovered Minister’s family runs into cash hurdle in Karnataka hospital Home Business Companies Walmart stores to buy Jet.com for $3 billion Walmart stores to buy Jet.com for $3 billion The acquisition, which is subject to regulatory approval, has been approved by the Boards of Directors for both companies and is expected to close this calendar year, a joint statement said. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published:August 8, 2016 11:32 pm Wal-Mart Stores Inc. announced to acquire Jet.com (AP Photo File) Global retail chain Wal-Mart Stores on Monday announced to acquire Jet.com for about USD 3 billion in cash. “Wal-Mart Stores, and Jet.com today announced they have entered into a definitive agreement for Walmart to acquire Jet for approximately USD 3 billion in cash, a portion of which will be paid over time. Additionally, USD 300 million of Walmart shares will be paid over time as part of the transaction,” a joint statement said. The acquisition will build on and complement the significant foundation already in place to serve customers across the Walmart app, site and stores and position the company for even faster e-commerce growth in the future by expanding customer reach and adding new capabilities, it said. The acquisition, which is subject to regulatory approval, has been approved by the Boards of Directors for both companies and is expected to close this calendar year, it added. “We are looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO, Wal-Mart Stores said. Genelia Deshmukh On Being A Mother And Bollywood Career Bigg Boss 10 November 22 Review: Bani Lashes Out At Swami Om, Manoj Punjabi Demonetisation: Supreme Court Refuses To Stay Proceedings Why Is Jammu Kashmir’s Machil Sector Seen As A Safe Passage For Infiltrators Amartya Sen No Longer Part Of Nalanda University Board Government Plans To Bring GST Bills As Money Bills: Here’s Why Demonetisation: Relief For Common Man: Find Out More Salman Khan And Family Celebrate Helen’s Birthday At Galaxy Apartments Demonetisation: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Defends Government’s Move Aamir Khan’s Dangal Pales In Comparison To Surroundings Of Mahavir Singh Phogat’s Village J&K: 3 Soldiers Killed, Body Of One Mutilated In Machhal Sector PM Narendra Modi Asks People To Rate Demonetisation Ex-Gujarat Energy Minister Has Financial Interest In 8 Onshore Oil Blocks: Find Out More US President-Elect Donald Trump Lays Out Agenda For First 100 Days Modi Keynote Prank App Spurns Several Clones “We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities. Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker, and we’ll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time. Our customers will win,” he said. It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart, he added. The statement further said that Jet is among the fastest growing and most innovative e-commerce companies in the US, with an experienced leadership team led by co-founder and CEO Marc Lore, together with fellow co-founders Mike Hanrahan and Nate Faust. Among other things, Lore previously co-founded and led Quidsi, the parent company of e-commerce sites Diapers.com, Soap.com and Wag.com, it said. “With the help of Faust and Hanrahan, Lore grew Quidsi into a prominent and successful business that was ultimately sold. The acquisition of Jet will infuse Walmart with fresh ideas and expertise, as well as an attractive brand with proven appeal, especially with Millennials, the first generation of true digital natives,” it added. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaPakistan says three of its soldiers killed in cross border firing; 'response to ceasefire violations,' says Army BusinessHuge surge in Jan Dhan account deposits, Rs 21,000 crore mobilised IndiaNavjot Kaur Sidhu, Pargat Singh will join Congress on Nov 28: Amarinder Singh IndiaDemonetisation logjam: Govt reaches out to Opposition, PM likely to attend RS tomorrow BusinessFormer Tata Steel honcho rebuts Cyrus Mistry charges on Corus buy EntertainmentAlia Bhatt is like Jennifer Lawrence: a star who’s also terrific actor EntertainmentBefikre's song Khulke-Dhulke: Ranveer Singh, Vaani Kapoor and a Bollywood Punjabi wedding, watch video EntertainmentBaahubali 2 leaked scene may have done more good than harm EntertainmentSalman Khan meets his onscreen son Ali Haji after nine years. These pics will make you feel so old Must Read SportsParthiv Patel replaces Saha for Mohali Test SportsFaf denies cheating, says being made 'scapegoat' SportsIndia women forfeit Pakistan matches TechnologyAsus Zenbook 3 UX390 Review: Sleek and powerful, but the price tag is high TechnologyFacebook claims its helping move business with real results TechnologyOnePlus 3 vs iPhone 6: Which is the better mid-range flagship? LifestyleWATCH: Priyanka Chopra's hairstylist reveals her style secrets (or at least tries to!) Nov 23: Latest News Bigg Boss 10, 23rd November 2016 written update: Lopamudra fails in the secret task Gareth Bale to miss El Clasico Gurgaon: 4-year-old mute girl sexually assaulted, 58-year-old arrested The rare swara Demonetisation: Traders hit, BJP Delhi unit worried ahead of civic body polls                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
HOME HITC Here Is The City on Facebook HITC Here Is The City on Google + HITC Here Is The City on Twitter Email BUSINESS Financial Markets Economics Industry People Books HITC Business on FacebookHITC Business on TwitterHITC Business on Google +Email POLITICS HITC Politics on FacebookHITC Politics on Twitter SPORT Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More HITC Sport on FacebookHITC Sport on TwitterHITC Sport on Google +Email LIFESTYLE Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals HITC Lifestyle on FacebookHITC Lifestyle on Twitter TECH HITC Tech on FacebookHITC Tech on Twitter EXTRA Also in the News LOL Wow HITC Extra on FacebookHITC Extra on Twitter VIDEO HITC Video on FacebookHITC Video on Twitter CAREERS ABOUT HITC Our Team Contact Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Sections Business Business Politics Sport Football Lifestyle Tech Extra Video Careers All Business Business and finance news, views and company reports Lifestyle Find your work life balance Sport Up-to-date sports news & views from around the globe Tech Tech & gaming news for today's connected world Politics News whatever your persuasion Extra General interest and fun from the internet at large Video All the video from HITC Careers The HITC job board HITC Business on Facebook HITC Business on Google + HITC Business on Twitter Email About Us Our Team Contact Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms Subscription Options Jobs @ HITC Search HITC on Twitter HITC on Facebook Business Financial Markets Economics Industry People Careers Sport All Search HITC Business on Twitter HITC Business on Facebook Politics All Search HITC Politics on Twitter HITC Politics on Facebook Sport Football Top Corner Fan View HITC Youtube Our Team More All Search HITC Sport on Twitter HITC Sport on Facebook Lifestyle Entertainment Fashion Food & Drink Travel Sound Off Health Deals All Search HITC Lifestyle on Twitter HITC Lifestyle on Facebook Tech All Search HITC Tech on Twitter HITC Tech on Facebook Extra Also in the News LOL Wow All Search HITC Extra on Twitter HITC Extra on Facebook Video All Search HITC Video on Twitter HITC Video on Facebook Careers All Search HITC Careers on Twitter HITC Careers on Facebook Financial Markets A boutique bank just pushed Wall Street aside on biggest US e-commerce deal ever CNBC @CNBC3 months ago CNBC @CNBC3 months ago                                                                               Allen & Co. represents Wal-Mart in the latest sign that smaller upstarts are challenging the big banks on merger deals. Once again, a boutique bank is claiming a monster acquisition deal, as Allen & Co. was named as the lead adviser for Wal-Mart's $3.3 billion acquisition of e-commerce start-up Jet.com. The Arkansas-based mega retailer's buyout of the New Jersey-based website is the biggest U.S. e-commerce M&A deal ever. The arrival of Allen & Co. at Wal-Mart's side in the Jet.com deal is notable for several reasons. Not only is the rising tide of boutique banks, sometimes led by former Wall Street banks' ex-rainmakers, continuing to pose a threat to bigger institutions. Allen & Co.'s working for Wal-Mart is also a sign that little banks are making big in-roads toward institutional firms' cherished business relationships with large-cap clients. It's going to mean big bucks at Allen & Co., said Jeffrey Nassof, director at mergers and acquisitions consulting firm Freeman & Co. Altogether, the banks that work both sides of the Wal-Mart acquisition of Jet stand to make up to $45 million combined, he said. Jet's advisers on the deal were not publicized, and a CNBC request for comment was not returned. So far this year, boutique banks have nudged bigger banks aside to claim advisory roles on deals like Microsoft's acquisition of LinkedIn and the ongoing dance between Bayer and Monsanto . Wal-Mart, in prior tech acquisitions, did little by way of announcing which banks, if any, it worked with. Monday morning's announcement said that along with lead bank Allen & Co., JPMorgan Securities worked on the Jet deal. In contrast, Wal-Mart's 2015 acquisition of Chinese e-commerce firm Yihaodian made no mention of an adviser. It also made no such mention during its 2015 acquisition of Silicon Valley-based PunchTab for its WalmartLabs division. And when the mega retailer bought its way into the South African market in 2010 with the $4.6 billion deal for MassMart, another smaller bank (albeit one with a far longer track record), Rothschild, was on the deal. Boutique investment banks saw their share of revenue from M&A rise year over year in the first half of 2016 — and if more deals like Wal-Mart's Jet buyout fly their way, it could make for an all-time high for small banks. At a time when Wall Street banks are having a tough time meeting analysts' expectations for return on equity, the deals may mark one more challenge in a difficult year. And the Best Place to Work in the global financial markets 2016 is... CNBC More articles from CNBC @CNBC CNBC is the recognized world leader in business news, providing real-time financial market coverage and business information to nearly 800 million homes worldwide, with headquarters on 3 continents and 20 bureaus around the globe. Award-winning journalists provide content on TV as well as online - where cnbc.com is the #1 non-portal business and news website. Our goal is for our consumers to Capitalize on CNBC - to increase their knowledge and profit from it. We want to make them the smartest people in the room; keep them ahead of the curve; make them members of an elite club. CNBC. First in Business Worldwide. Register for Financial Markets News Alerts  Comments Show Comments About Us   |   Advertising   |   Our Team   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Review Policy   |   Subscription Options   |   Syndication   |   Jobs @ HITC   |   Contact Us © 2016 Entrepreneur Limited an advertisement
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Real Estate Retail Automotive Economy Small Business Healthcare OC Leaders Status Update Tourism More Bear Mountain announces opening for snowboarders, skiers Impressed by elaborate holiday displays at local malls? This Santa Ana company is the reason Court: Sex offender accused of killing 4 women provided details to Anaheim cop Huntington Beach man dies after mobile-home fire Rams experimenting with players in different spots Lakers podcast: Comparing Brandon Ingram to a young Kevin Durant Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder Ducks fall to Islanders in longest shootout in franchise history Orange County shopping: Your guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Crisis at shipping companies could impact local ports 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways WWII thriller 'Allied' is grand entertainment Top news Business Wal-Mart buying Jet with eye on Amazon Aug. 8, 2016 Updated 6:45 p.m. 1 of 6 Wal-Mart announced Monday that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. NICK UT , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 1 of 6 Employees receive incoming orders at computer stations near a packing station at a Jet.com warehouse in Swedesboro, N.J. The online store sells a wide range of products like groceries, books, jewelry and appliances. COLE WILSON , THE NEW YORK TIMES 1 of 6 Jet.com boxes wait to be packed for shipping in Swedesboro, N.J Jet.com, born out of a dream of taking on Amazon, is being bought by Wal-Mart. COLE WILSON , NEW YORK TIMES 1 of 6 Wal-Mart‘s deal to buy Jet.com underscores how serious it is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. DANNY JOHNSTON , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 1 of 6 Wal-Mart has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, founded by Marc Lore, its CEO SETH WENIG , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS 1 of 6 Employees at Jet.com work in Hoboken, N.J. Wal-Mart announced Monday that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer, which launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. SETH WENIG , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS View slideshow Wal-Mart announced Monday that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. NICK UT , THE ASSOCIATED PRESS By THE NEW YORK TIMES Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Traditional retailers have spent more than a decade and billions of dollars trying to transform their brick-and-mortar businesses for the online shopper. Yet Amazon and other digital upstarts continue to lap them. Now Wal-Mart, the world’s largest retailer and the dominant player of big-box stores, is turning to someone else’s technology and talent. On Monday, the company said it was buying Jet, the year-old online bulk retailer, for $3.3 billion, the largest deal ever for an e-commerce company. The purchase, and a shuffling in the executive ranks that comes with it, are Wal-Mart’s clearest acknowledgments yet that its online strategy is not working. It also sends a strong message to the rest of the consumer and retail industry: When it comes to competing against Amazon, not even the mightiest brick-and-mortar stores can go at it alone. Overall, Wal-Mart’s e-commerce sales have stalled. The online business grew just 7 percent last quarter, a number that Doug McMillon, the company’s president and chief executive, acknowledged at the time was “too slow.” Jet is perhaps best known for an algorithm that encourages bulk buying, an area where Walmart.com has fallen short and could energize its sagging online growth. Wal-Mart is not valuing Jet.com solely based on traditional metrics such as profitability, which the startup does not have. The retailer is spending billions in cash and stock in large part for something – or someone – else: Marc Lore. Lore, a serial e-commerce entrepreneur who started Jet.com, is seen as one of the few executives who can help put a dent in Amazon’s edge. “If you looked at Jet from a fundamentals perspective, the company wouldn’t be worth what they’re paying for it,” said Anand Sanwal, chief executive of CB Insights, a research firm covering venture capital. “They’re trying to inject Marc and probably some of the veterans on his team, and try and help Wal-Mart figure this out.” For Wal-Mart, buying Jet may not be about beating Amazon at its own game, according to Charlie O’Shea, the lead retail analyst for Moody’s. “We view this as a race for second,” O’Shea said. “Amazon’s lead is so great that it’s going to be virtually impossible to catch them, but you can compete with them.” Shares of Wal-Mart fell nearly 0.6 percent to $73.34 in New York. The stock had gained 20 percent this year through the end of last week. Seattle-based Amazon slipped 0.1 percent to $766.56. Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Teen in coma after getting hit by metal object through car's windshield on 57 freeway Police officer, wife die in possible murder-suicide in Long Beach Gas station employee stabbed in Anaheim, two suspects in custody Congressman Issa declares re-election win in 49th district Judge denies Muslim women's request to drop trespassing claim in Urth Caffe lawsuit User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Bear Mountain announces opening for snowboarders, skiers Impressed by elaborate holiday displays at local malls? This Santa Ana company is the reason Court: Sex offender accused of killing 4 women provided details to Anaheim cop Huntington Beach man dies after mobile-home fire Rams experimenting with players in different spots Lakers podcast: Comparing Brandon Ingram to a young Kevin Durant Lakers' Nick Young makes game-winner to secure 111-109 win over Thunder Ducks fall to Islanders in longest shootout in franchise history Orange County shopping: Your guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller Crisis at shipping companies could impact local ports 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways WWII thriller 'Allied' is grand entertainment Top news Education » Tustin teachers get 3 percent raise; third straight year for increases Fullerton woman named a Rhodes Scholar for Class of 2017 Trump's election creates anxiety around the world, UCI experts say BUSINESS » Orange County shopping: Your guide to holiday hours, parking tips and more Retailers prepare for the Black Friday rush Court: When real estate agents are with the same firm, both must act in interest of buyer and seller O.C. Watchdog » Court criticizes O.C. District Attorney's Office, keeps it off case of Seal Beach mass killing O.C. grand jury gets 2 lawyers to help investigate jailhouse informant misuse Sheriff wants to keep jailhouse informant notes secret Health Care » Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing CSUF aims to strengthen its off-campus biotechnology presence Nurse who ran Laguna Niguel day spa agrees to guilty plea to injecting Botox not approved for use in the U.S. ENTERTAINMENT » 'Moana' will set your imagination soaring 'Rules Don't Apply' is a frantic mess 'Santa' cynical in all the wrong ways Food » 16 best food, drinks to try at Disney California Adventure's new Festival of Holidays Popular Little Saigon restaurant, Brodard, to relocate to Fountain Valley Retail-restaurant roundup: 2 new eateries at Pacific City; Wholesome Choice in Laguna Niguel closes, Weekend Max Mara debuts at South Coast Plaza TELEVISION » Heather Dubrow says 'Housewives' reunions are 'brutal' Robert Vaughn, suave 'Man from U.NCL.E.' star, dies at 83 This week's TV highlights Special Sections » OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 100 Top Workplaces 2015 Featured Multimedia CARTOONS » Cartoons: Protest art SLIDESHOW & VIDEO » How skaters rehearse for the Christmas ice show at Knott's Berry Farm MANNERS GUIDE » Here's the right way to set the table for your holiday meals FANTASTIC BEASTS » Focus: Where to find interesting beasts in Southern California CALIFORNIA GEOGRAPHY » Focus: Test your knowledge of California geography CARTOONS » Cartoons: Electoral College Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2016 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Tech Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart is coming after Amazon, but it has a long way to go Jeff Dunn Aug. 8, 2016, 1:29 PM 1,699 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   With its $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com, Walmart is taking aim at Amazon’s online retail dominance. Though that’s a big sum for a relatively unproven company, the purchase should at least help the retail giant tidy up its ecommerce offering. As this chart from Statista shows, though, Walmart has plenty of ground to make up. As you’d expect, Amazon was far and away the go-to choice for America’s online shoppers in 2015, generating an estimated $92.4 billion in ecommerce sales. That was almost four times as much as second-place Apple’s $24.4 billion, and well ahead of Walmart’s $13.7 billion. Ecommerce isn’t the same as commerce, and Walmart still generates way more overall revenue than Amazon. But as more and more customers take their business online, Walmart clearly thinks it’s time to try closing that gap. Statista Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: Here's why Google sees a huge opportunity to bring super-fast internet access to you NOW WATCH: Scientists have discovered why American honey bees are turning into zombies Loading video... Follow Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Tech Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Chart Of The Day Amazon Walmart Jet.com Retail eCommerce Online retail facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart is coming after Amazon, but it has a long way to go Walmart is coming after Amazon, but it has a long way to go With its $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Tech Insider Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Mobile Insights BII Mobile Insights More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Sections Sections Top Stories Video Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Weather Photos Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week Live Live Thanksgiving Travelers Make Their Way Through Denver International Airport Skiers Hit The Slopes on Copper Mountain, Colo. ‘View Into the Blue' Underwater View From Cooper Island, British Virgin Islands Dow Jones Industrial Average RADAR: Midwest Winter Storm Live Look at the Beach Surf in Belmar, NJ Local Local New York City Los Angeles Chicago Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno More abc.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com theundefeated.com Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In Election U.S. World Entertainment Health Tech … … Health Tech Lifestyle Money Investigative Sports Good News Topics Weather Photos More ABCNews Cities Cities New York City New York City Los Angeles Los Angeles Chicago Chicago Philadelphia Philadelphia San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose San Francisco - Oakland - San Jose Houston Houston Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Durham - Raleigh - Fayetteville Fresno Fresno Partner Sites Partner Sites abc.com abc.com espn.com espn.com fivethirtyeight.com fivethirtyeight.com disney.com disney.com theundefeated.com theundefeated.com Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week Live Video #DonaldTrump Hiroko Masuike/The New York Times/Redux Trump Seems to Soften on Campaign Promises 19m ago Trump Walks Fine Ethical Line to White House, Experts Say Sessions Urged Caution Over Federal Lawsuits Alleging Discrimination Top Stories My Stories Wayne State Police Officer Shot and Critically Injured Facebook Built China 'Censorship Tool': Report Thanksgiving Travel Rush: What to Expect Waterslide to Be Demolished After Boy Died Trump Disavows Alt-Right Group: 'I Condemn Them' Man Injured in Philly Blast Thought Package Was Meds Turkey's President Slams Those Who Call Trump 'Dictator' Airstrike in Mosul Disrupts ISIS Supply Lines South Korean Leader Defends Purchase of Viagra Pills Original Gerber Baby, Ann Taylor Cook, Turns 90 #DonaldTrump Drew Angerer/Getty Images Trump Picks Betsy DeVos for Education Secretary 15m ago Trump Offers UN Ambassadorship to SC Gov. Nikki Haley Nikki Haley: Everything You Need to Know About Trump's Pick for UN Ambassador #DonaldTrump Efrem Lukatsky/AP Trump Foundation Took Donations From Controversial Ukrainian Clinton Donor Nov 23 Trump Foundation Admits It Gave Money to 'Disqualified Person' Calls for Deutsche Bank, a Big Trump Lender, to Face Independent Prosecutor #Thanksgiving Evan Vucci/AP Photo Everything You Need to Know About the Presidential Turkey Pardon Nov 23 President Obama's Thanksgiving Turkey Pardons Through the Years What's Up With Those White House Turkey Pardons? #MelaniaTrump Play ABCNews.com Election 2016: Who Is Melania Trump? Nov 9 Donald Trump Jr.: The Basics Ivanka Trump: The Basics Politics #DonaldTrump Trump's 100-Day Agenda: Experts Examine if It Can Be Done #DonaldTrump What Trump Said During Wide-Ranging Interview #DonaldTrump Trump 'Seriously Considering' Ben Carson for HUD #DonaldTrump Trump 'Leaning' Against Renewed Probe of Clinton, Sources Say #GOP House Republican Criticizes Trump Over Business Conflicts of Interest #DonaldTrump Jared Kushner Defends Steve Bannon in Interview, Calls Him an 'Incredible Zionist' A Look at Gen. James Mattis From a Close Friend #DonaldTrump What Donald Trump's 100-Day Plan Leaves Out #DonaldTrump Sanders Supporter Rep. Tulsi Gabbard Being Considered for Trump Cabinet #GOP Everything You Need to Know About Gen. James Mattis #MikePence Pence, Who Touts Openness, Tries to Stop Document Release #DonaldTrump Inside Donald Trump's Relationship With Agent Ari Emanuel #DonaldTrump Trump Met With Indian Business Partners, Reviving Questions on How He Will Avoid Conflicts of Interest #DonaldTrump Donald Trump's Cabinet Begins to Take Shape #DonaldTrump Jennifer Jacobs Says Steve Bannon Is 'Donald Trump's Chief Idea Guy' #Politics Clinton Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million More News Texas Appeals Court Rules 'San Antonio 4' Are Innocent US Applications for Unemployment Aid Rose Last Week Twitter Accidentally Suspends Its CEO's Account Tenn. Crash Revives Debate Over School Bus Seat Belts States Struggle With High Number of Foster Children NHL Newest Team Gets a Name: Vegas Golden Knights Poem Signed by Anne Frank Sells for Nearly $150,000 NH Man Electrocuted While Hanging Holiday Lights Trump Stance on Immigration May Aid Private Prisons Wildfires Continue Spread as Arson Probes Opened #BlackFriday Henry Romero/Reuters Thanksgiving and Black Friday Doorbuster Deals Nov 23 8 Black Friday Shopping Strategies On Eve of Holiday Shopping, Consumer Advocates Say Vigilance Needed in Children’s Product Safety Play ABCNews.com Chattanooga Bus Crash Survivors Speak Out Nov 23 School Bus Driver in Fatal Crash Involved in Prior Collision Happy Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving San Francisco Cyclists Complete 50-Mile Turkey-Shaped Bike Ride #Thanksgiving Here's to Thanksgiving Dinner With My Ex-Wife #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving by the Numbers: Fast Facts About Turkey Day #Thanksgiving How to Carve a Turkey for Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving 3 Thanksgiving Travel Tips to Save Turkey Day #Thanksgiving Add Sweet Potato Pie to Your Holiday Feast #Thanksgiving How Many Calories Americans Will Eat on Thanksgiving #Thanksgiving Must-Try Recipes for Most-Searched Thanksgiving Foods #Thanksgiving Thanksgiving Dinner Etiquette Post-Election #Thanksgiving 'GMA' Ultimate Cranberry Challenge #Thanksgiving Jon Voight Buys Thanksgiving Turkeys for Stranger in Line at Grocery Store #Thanksgiving How Astronauts Celebrate Thanksgiving in Space Michael Rozman/Warner Bros. Mariah Carey Breaks Silence on Reported Split With James Packer 1h ago Play ABCNews.com High School Football Team Asks Court to Overturn Loss Nov 23 More News FIFA Leaning Toward a 48-Team World Cup Dalai Lama: 'I Have No Worries' About Trump's Election Lufthansa Pilot Strike Forces 1,800 Flight Cancelations Rare Thunderstorm Asthma Kills 4 in Australian Israel Orders Probe of German Submarine Purchase Drug Dealer Says He Gave Money to Philippine Senator Germany Asks Sweden to Extradite 'Laserman' Killer Suspect in Cop's Death Got Married After Shooting Russia Rejects Criticism of Baltic Missile Buildup FBI Raids Financially Troubled Town in Puerto Rico Sergey Ponomarev/AP Photo How Poland Is Recovering From a Real-Life 'Designated Survivor' Situation Nov 23 Inside the Top Secret Greenbrier Bunker #Thanksgiving Tetra images RF/Getty Images How Many Calories Americans Will Eat on Thanksgiving Nov 23 Thanksgiving Traditions at the White House Thanksgiving Dinner Etiquette Post-Election Facebook/Venice, Florida Municipal Government Fireball Spotted in Night Sky Over Florida 3h ago Getty Images I Got Remarried and Didn't Tell My Kids Nov 23 #JustinBieber Giorgio Benvenuti/ANSA via AP Photo Video Shows Justin Bieber Allegedly Punching Fan in the Face 1h ago Tommy Hilfiger: 'Any Designer Should Be Proud' to Dress Melania Trump Erykah Badu on Music, Family and the Soul Train Music Awards #Thanksgiving Courtesy Melissa Birchmore Foster Mom Gets Thanksgiving Wish to Adopt for the First Time 1h ago Spend Thanksgiving Night with OneRepublic, Kelly Clarkson and More Miranda Lambert's New Album Is a Soaring 'Double Dose of Heartbreak' Warner Bros. Pictures 'Fantastic Beasts' Makes $75M in Opening Weekend Nov 21 Play ABCNews.com How to Carve a Turkey for Thanksgiving Learn how to carve a turkey for Thanksgiving dinner step by step. Up Next: Play Thanksgiving by the Numbers: Fast Facts About Turkey Day #DWTS ABCNews.com Laurie Hernandez Had 'Same Joy' Winning Mirror Ball as She Did Olympic Medals Nov 23 'DWTS': Hernandez and Chmerkovskiy Win the Mirror Ball Trophy 'DWTS' Finalists Label One Another With Funny Yearbook Superlatives #NFL ABCNews.com JJ Watt Opens Up About Threatening Staph Infection Nov 23 Shannen Doherty Teases Photo From 'Heathers' Reboot Corey Feldman Marries Girlfriend Courtney Anne Courtesy Taryn Keith Diner Surprises Waiter With $750 Tip Nov 22 In Case You Missed It Rare White 'Rainbow' Spotted in Scotland Woman Wins Nearly $1M on 'Wheel of Fortune' Slot Machine #Amtrak Behind the Scenes at Amtrak: How the Rail Giant Turns Trains Around Lovebirds Married 73 Years Recreate Their First Date at a Seattle Hotel How the World Came Together to Find a #CupForBen Prince Harry Tours Barbuda Woman Designs Her Own Woodland Fairy Tale Wedding Dress Over 6 Months #Thanksgiving Shelter Sends Animals Home for Thanksgiving With Option to Adopt Singing Cashier Takes the Stage With R&B Singer Maxwell Meet the Toddler Who Looked Like Danny DeVito The Sound of 'Success': Young Patients Ring Bell to Mark End of Cancer Treatment School Community Helps Beloved Crossing Guard Afford Prosthetic Leg Repair #Popcorn Play ABCNews.com Billy Bob Thornton Opens Up About Humble Childhood Nov 21 Josh Groban on His Broadway Debut in 'Great Comet' 'Conviction' Star Hayley Atwell on How She Felt When 'Agent Carter' Ended Underwood Archives/Getty Images Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade Through the Years Nov 23 Babies Dressed as Turkeys Win This Thanksgiving 'Tis the Season for Awkward Family Thanksgiving Photos David Johnson/Barcroft Images Holy Cow: This Cow Is Over 6 Feet Tall 1m ago Michael Phelps Hits the Red Carpet With His Wife and Son Khloe and Kourtney Kardashian Step Out in New York City Back To Top Sections U.S. World Politics Weird News Investigative Health Entertainment Sports Money Technology Travel Recipes News Topics Live Blog Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight with David Muir Nightline World News Now & America This Morning This Week with George Stephanopoulos 20/20 Primetime What Would You Do? ABC.com Tools iPad App Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube Press Releases RSS Headlines Site Map About Contact Us Feedback Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads ABC News Store Authors List Go.com Terms of Use Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Feedback External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites. Copyright © 2016 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Walmart's $3 Billion Jet.com Buy Still Leaves It Way Behind subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Roadmap to 2020 Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Amazon's Alexa can't speak Chinese, but the LingLong DingDong can: bit.ly/2gjvJKe Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Patricia Monteiro/Bloomberg/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Brian Barrett. Brian Barrett Business Date of Publication: 08.08.16. 08.08.16 Time of Publication: 12:55 pm. 12:55 pm Walmart’s $3 Billion Jet.com Buy Still Leaves It Way Behind Patricia Monteiro/Bloomberg/Getty Images This morning, Walmart made official its previously rumored, $3 billion play for Jet, the promising e-commerce upstart. It’s tempting to think of this as Walmart’s shot at Amazon. Don’t. The online retail race still won’t be close. And it may never be. That’s not to say that Walmart doesn’t need Jet; it does, for myriad reasons. To think of it in terms of Amazon, though, requires a serious shift in perspective. Compared with Amazon, Walmart barely registers online. Jet doesn’t suddenly make it a threat. What it does do is position Walmart to more effectively pick up Amazon’s scraps. Jet Set When Jet launched last year, it did so with a fresh proposition: the pricing model offered savings that increased along with your shopping cart tally. The more you bought, the deeper the discount. Most items came with the same free two-day shipping offered by Amazon Prime. “We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress,” said Walmart CEO Doug McMillion in a statement announcing the acquisition, which is expected to close by the end of the year. “Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker, and we’ll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time.” Jet will remain an independent brand, but its innovations will seep into Walmart’s online business, just as Walmart’s purchasing power and distribution will bolster Jet’s pricing and selection. “The real challenge for Walmart is that it is not successfully competing on convenience, ease and speed when it comes to online. Amazon’s systems and site are just better in these areas,” says Neil Saunders, CEO of retail research firm Conlumino, tells WIRED. “Jet is part of the solution to this issue.” In a note written ahead of the deal, Saunders also suggested that Jet could use Walmart’s huge network of stores and blue chip logistics as, effectively, “a big warehouse and distribution system.” All of which proves there’s plenty of room for synergy here. It’s a match made in retail heaven, assuming the deal goes through and Walmart can effectively integrate Jet. What it won’t do, though, is put it in anything like the same league as Amazon. A Little Perspective Let’s start with scale. This past March, researcher eMarketer ranked the top 25 companies in online retail. First place, not surprisingly, was Amazon, which scored over $79 billion in e-commerce sales last year. Walmart came in second place—at $13.5 billion. That’s not a gap; it’s a chasm. It’s also not clear how Walmart would catch up online, even with Jet. It has more purchasing power than Amazon, and so could hypothetically offer lower prices on many items. But Amazon, as O’Shea and other analysts have noted, has historically not cared about turning a profit in retail. That’s even more the case now that its most profitable business isn’t selling products, but rather cloud services, through its AWS division. Over the last six months, AWS has turned an operating income of $1.32 billion. Over that same period, Amazon’s traditional businesses produced roughly $1 billion in combined North America and International income. Walmart may have room to trim prices, but Amazon can (and has shown ample willingness to) actively turn a loss. Especially now that it can offset balance sheet negatives with its robust cloud business. “Amazon has got a lead online that’s me running against Usain Bolt, and that’s not going to be a fair race,” says Moody’s lead retail analyst Charlie O’Shea. The other important number to remember? Eight percent. That’s roughly how much of total US retail takes place online, says O’Shea. It’s a number that sounds suspiciously small to a tech-savvy ear, but again Walmart and Amazon offer an illustrative example. The former did $485 billion in total sales last year. That’s an order of magnitude more than the online retail king. The rate of growth is slower than one might expect also. O’Shea pegs it in the low teens, year to year, a respectable but not transformative pace. He notes that some product segments (food in particular) still don’t make much sense online, while more Internet-friendly items have already saturated the market. The question given that scale isn’t so much if Walmart can beat Amazon. It’s why Walmart would spend $3 billion on an unproven online retailer in the first place when it’s doing just fine without it where it matters most. Fighting for Second Walmart’s biggest concern isn’t existing online retailers. It’s fending off other brick-and-mortars that have finally made the transition online. “The challenge for Walmart is, you’ve got to be the second site,” says O’Shea. “If someone jumps off Amazon’s site, there’s got to be a reason they jump.” Buying Jet helps Walmart catch them. That’s increasingly important, as the number of landing pads multiplies. Staples does more than half of its overall sales online, according to eMarketer, and was just shy of Walmart in e-commerce sales last year. Target only did $2.5 billion online last year, but is growing at a rate of roughly 30 percent, says O’Shea. If any one of these companies—or the sum total of them—figures out a better online model before Walmart does, it could quickly fade online. Yes, it’s a small percentage of its overall sales today. But it’s still billions of dollars at stake each year. In fact, some view the Jet buy as less about Jet specifically than it is about the man who founded it, Marc Lore. Lore had previously founded Quidsi, which operated e-commerce sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com before selling to Amazon in 2011. Lore is widely regarded as one of the sharpest minds in online retail today; that’s how he was able to raise over $500 million in funding for an e-commerce startup in the first place. Now, he works for Walmart. “It seems like this is an acquihire,” says Forrester retail analyst Sucharita Mulpuru-Kodali. “I think the real value is to have someone like Mark rethink all of Walmart’s dot-com strategy and task Jet with growing Walmart’s dot-com business to $100B.” In other words, about as much as Amazon and Walmart today, combined. The good news is, even half that would be a pretty clear win. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Amazon eCommerce jet Walmart Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Pin Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Black Friday 2016: The Deals Worth Going to the Store For consumer tech Black Friday 2016: The Deals Worth Going to the Store For 8 hours Trump’s Immigration Crackdown Could Spark a Tech Brain Drain National Affairs Trump’s Immigration Crackdown Could Spark a Tech Brain Drain 7 hours Frequent Flier Miles Are Kaput—The Game’s About Credit Cards Now Travel Frequent Flier Miles Are Kaput—The Game’s About Credit Cards Now 5 hours Behold China’s Answer to Amazon Echo: The LingLong DingDong gear Behold China’s Answer to Amazon Echo: The LingLong DingDong 1 day Black Friday 2016 TV Deals consumer tech Black Friday 2016 TV Deals 5 hours Black Friday 2016 Computing Deals consumer tech Black Friday 2016 Computing Deals 8 hours Black Friday 2016 Home and Lifestyle Deals consumer tech Black Friday 2016 Home and Lifestyle Deals 8 hours Great. Now Even Your Headphones Can Spy on You Security Great. Now Even Your Headphones Can Spy on You 1 day More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business National Affairs Trump’s Immigration Crackdown Could Spark a Tech Brain Drain 7 hours Cloud Computing Oracle Just Bought Dyn, the Company That Brought Down the Internet 2 days Business Inside Facebook’s First Efforts to Rain Internet from the Sky 11.10.16 Artificial Intelligence Google, Facebook, and Microsoft Are Remaking Themselves Around AI 2 days Artificial Intelligence Google Opens Montreal AI Lab to Snag Scarce Global Talent 2 days Culture Podcast It’s Time for a Big Ol’ Holiday TV Smackdown! 50 mins We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Amazon's Alexa can't speak Chinese, but the LingLong DingDong can: bit.ly/2gjvJKe Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 6 hours Amazon's Alexa can't speak Chinese, but the LingLong DingDong can: bit.ly/2gjvJKe Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Xconomy Intersect → Walmart Makes It Official, Acquires Jet.com for $3 Billion João-Pierre S. Ruth August 8th, 2016 @xconomy @xconomy Like Us Xconomy New York —  After word leaked last night via Recode, Walmart officially announced Monday in an e-mailed statement that it has agreed to acquire Hoboken, NJ-based e-commerce site Jet.com for $3 billion cash, a strategic move touted by some as a way for the big box retailer to be more competitive with Amazon. Further sweetening the deal, Walmart said it will pay out some $300 million in shares over time. Jet, barely out of diapers, launched its site about one year ago, offering deeper discounts as customers add more items to their online shopping carts. This is a huge exit for a New York-area e-commerce company, especially given the high expectations and some major disappointments to come out of this ecosystem. Shai Goldman, managing director with Silicon Valley Bank, put the significance of Jet’s acquisition into perspective via Twitter. NYC had several big ecommerce misses: Fab , Gilt, Quirky , nice to get a W on the board — (((Shai Goldman))) (@shaig) August 8, 2016 In its statement, Walmart said the acquisition will further enhance its Walmart app, website, and stores to make faster moves in e-commerce. Moreover, Walmart is bringing on board Jet’s CEO and co-founder Marc Lore, who previously co-founded Quidsi, an e-commerce company that is the parent to Diapers.com, Wag.com, and Soap.com. Amazon acquired Quidsi back in 2010 for some $545 million. Jet co-founders Mike Hanrahan and Nate Faust were also part of the Quidsi team. The plan, according to Walmart, is to maintain the distinct Jet.com brand and its assortments of products curated for its customers while Walmart.com continues to stick with it bread and butter of “everyday low prices.” Of particular interest to Walmart is the draw Jet has with millennial and urban consumers; the company specifically cited the gains Jet.com made in a short amount of time attracting customers from those demographics. Getting, and retaining, the patronage of consumers can be fiercely difficult in e-commerce. As Goldman noted in his tweet, the New York startup scene has had its share of hype and high hopes in this sector that later fizzled out. In January, Hudson’s Bay Co. acquired Gilt Groupe for $250 million, somewhat less than what investors had poured into the shopping site. Last year, the original iteration of Quirky, a platform for marketing and selling inventions, filed for bankruptcy and then sold off all its assets, including smart home app developer Wink. Quirky has since resurfaced under new ownership, but without some of its more questionable products—such as an egg tray that tells the user when their food goes bad. Fab.com was another shooting star from the New York startup community that made a splash in e-commerce as a curator and seller of well-designed products, and seemed to be on track to become huge with mainstream consumers. But after raising more than $300 million, and seeing a peak valuation of about $1 billion, Fab.com was sold to PCH International in 2015 for an undisclosed sum—some news outlets asserted the deal was for as little as $15 million to $50 million. It should be noted that beyond the obvious big payday, there are some significant differences between Jet’s deal and those other New York exits. The leadership behind Jet had a notable track record of a solid return with Quidsi, which raised a bit more than $58 million and then was sold for $545 million. And while Jet.com did raise a considerable war chest of $565 million from investors, the company is being acquired a little more than one year after its launch. It hit hard and fast, rather than hold out until it lost its luster. Such a massive offer from Walmart is a rarity, but the end result is impossible to ignore. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from Xperience Alcohol Delivery App Thirstie Pours Itself a Double, Acquires DrinkFly Accelerator Bags $51M, Makes Long-Awaited Move to NYC First-Quarter VC Activity Buoyant at $12.1 Billion, & Top 10 Deals Trending on Xconomy Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable What’s Hot in Boston Healthtech: The Photos Xconomy Special Report: 12 San Diego Tech Startups to Watch in 2017 X Xconomy Intersect: Innovating Where Disciplines Collide Join us December 8 for a unique view of the crossroads from which the next big idea may emerge December 8, 2016 Register today! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers The Fractured State of Sales Enablement & Training OnDemand Webinar Allego How Wisconsin is cultivating startup success New report highlights entrepreneurial programs available statewide Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation About Xperience Here at Xperience—the consumer section of Xconomy—we explore the big picture about how technology is changing our lives, and guide you to the best tools for your lifestyle. Watch the video. Subscribe and Follow Xperience →   Our Contributors &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/bbuderi-50.jpg”&amp;gt; Bob Buderi &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/bbigelow-719.jpg”&amp;gt; Bruce Bigelow &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/jbuchanan-1211.jpg”&amp;gt; Jeff Buchanan &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/jrengel-856.jpg”&amp;gt; Jeff Engel &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/bfidler-1214.jpg”&amp;gt; Ben Fidler &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/dholley-1048.jpg”&amp;gt; David Holley &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/ghuang-715.jpg”&amp;gt; Greg Huang &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/alash-903.jpeg”&amp;gt; Alex Lash &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/bromano-724.jpg”&amp;gt; Ben Romano &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/wroush-49.jpg”&amp;gt; Wade Roush &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/sschmid-716.jpg”&amp;gt; Sarah Schmid &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/ashah-769.png”&amp;gt; Angela Shah &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/btansey-830.jpg”&amp;gt; Bernadette Tansey &amp;lt;img class=”lazy” src=”/wordpress/wp-content/authors/fvinluan-958.jpg”&amp;gt; Frank Vinluan Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2016, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Pilots’ strike hits 1,800 flights at Lufthansa Yangtze River bridge to start operation in 2017 iFlytek puts AI in services UK growth seen to slow sharply in 2017 Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Playing games for health Musical therapy for babiews Efforts over obesity are paying off Community leaders need to set example TCM to get a bigger global role Tai chi exercises impress the delegates Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News Asian FIFA polls off again 12-goal game in UCL spotlight Arena returns as US team’s head coach United to extend Ibra deal Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News Flamenco ‘Carmen’ comes to Shanghai Research body says British teens drink a ‘bathtub’ of sugary drinks a year Montenegro’s donkey’s milk is new health trend Healthy and delicious, quinoa covers all bases Tips for buying a healthier holiday turkey Portuguese-inspired pumpkin flan Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News Agriculture R&D offers hope for world’s poorest China-CEE ties moving in positive direction Shanghai: A model for the world in road safety Rising dollar points to risks in global market Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News No butts about it: the noose tightens on smoking The pathways to living longer and healthier Sci-fi flick ‘Arrival’ finds little to say ‘Potter’ spin-off’s dark tone divides critics Fashion with a social ‘mission’ Indigenous Bolivian dresses go global Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Trump pulls back on climate change GPs in the front line as city backs reforms Tai chi exercises impress the delegates TCM to get a bigger global role Community leaders need to set example The story appears on Page A10 August 9, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Business » Finance Wal-Mart pays US$3.3b for online retailer Jet.com Source: AP | August 9, 2016, Tuesday | Print Edition WAL-MART has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash a year ago when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart is paying US$3 billion in cash and another US$300 million in stock. The deal announced yesterday underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. Buying Jet.com would let Wal-Mart compete more effectively with Amazon.com and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com to make it on their own in a sphere dominated by Amazon.com with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The acquisition is expected to be completed this year upon regulatory approval, according to Wal-Mart. Buying Jet.com will help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger. Jet.com has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says that it will also be incorporating some of Jet.com’s “smart” technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, it will provide big financial backing. The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups in an extremely competitive landscape. In January, Hudson’s Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchased flash-sales site Gilt Group. And in June, Bed, Bath & Beyond scooped up One Kings Lane. “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO, in a statement. Marc Lore, co-founder and CEO of Jet.com noted in a statement that the combination of Wal-Mart’s retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with the team, technology and business we have built at Jet will allow the company to deliver more value to customers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015 under Lore, set out to reinvent the shopping cart. It now sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers, coming from more than 2,400 retailers. The company, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In New York City, Jet often can provide same-day delivery at no additional cost. Wal-Mart said in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7 percent in the first quarter, below the 8 percent in the previous quarter and far below the 20 percent hikes seen less than two years ago. Finance <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly Semi-trailer driver charged with endangering public safety after damaging 17 cars while drunk driving Innovative products, technologies unveiled at Global Entrepreneurship Week China Less trading of Shanghai’s existing homes in October 15% of local office workers suffer neck, waist problems: experts Seven trapped in flooded coal mine in E China Badminton star Lin Dan says 'sorry' to family, admits to affair after paparazzi caught him cheating Auto boss ‘called Chinese bastards’ Full Video of Tiger Attack in Beijing Wildlife Park Released Teacher fired for ‘mistreating children’ 17 killed, 37 injured in Shanxi highway collision Badminton star Lin Dan says 'sorry' to family, admits to affair after paparazzi caught him cheating Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Auto boss ‘called Chinese bastards’ Northerners not attractive for Shanghai’s choosy singles <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Trump pulls back on climate change GPs in the front line as city backs reforms Tai chi exercises impress the delegates TCM to get a bigger global role Community leaders need to set example View more » Latest Business News Plan to lure funds via FTZ accounts Better environment for foreign investors Automation transforms operations at ports Pilots’ strike hits 1,800 flights at Lufthansa Nearly 50% to use Internet by year-end Expansion plan for HK Disneyland at US$1.4b View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH Top Stories  • Video •  Live TV new Staff Stories Most Popular Front Page News All Latest One News Page > News Videos > Walmart Buys Jet.com for $3 Billion Walmart Buys Jet.com for $3 Billion Duration: 00:51s - Published: on August 8, 2016< > Embed Walmart is buying Jet.com for $3 billion in one of the largest e-commerce acquisitions ever. 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Transcript: Walmart Buys Jet.com for $3 Billion The quest to stop Amazon from total domination continues — this time in the form of Walmart buying Jet.com. Walmart announced  Monday it agreed to pay around $3 billion for the online retailer. The deal also includes another $300 million in Walmart shares to be paid over time.  SEE MORE: Amazon Is Finally Going To Test That Drone Delivery You Heard About CNBC reports  the deal is one of the largest acquisitions of an e-commerce company ever. Some speculate the purchase is an attempt to close ranks with Amazon, which currently dominates the e-commerce industry. Jet.com was founded in 2014, and  various   outlets  were quick to call it an "Amazon-killer." The retailer's prices are  reportedly cheaper  than Amazon's in some cases thanks to its "buy more, spend less" business model. And Walmart could use the help. Forbes reports growth in the company's online sales have been sluggish in  recent months .  The deal follows Amazon's unveiling of its first-ever branded cargo plane. The retailer says it plans to eventually lease even more planes from Atlas Air and the Air Transport Services Group to boost delivery speeds. Walmart and Jet will still maintain their distinct brands throughout the acquisition. This video includes clips from  Walmart ,  Amazon  and  Jet.com  and images from Getty Images. Music provided courtesy of APM Music. Recent related news Best Buy shares up before bell, Wallmart’s bullish news sidetrackedThe US retail sector was hot on Thursday after upbeat reports from Best Buy (NYSE:BBY) and store... Proactive Investors 6 days ago - Business Walmart reports Q3 FY17 EPS of $0.98, The company now expects full-year GAAP EPS of $4.34 to $4.49, Adjusted full-year EPS of $4.20 to $4.35BENTONVILLE, Ark.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT): Diluted EPS was $0.98.... Business Wire 6 days ago - Press Releases You Might Like Facebook Page People Donald Trump Betsy DeVos Barack Obama Kanye West José Mourinho Current Topics Nikki Haley Thanksgiving Day Thomas Mair Day Parade Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Is Netflix's Streaming Crown About To Be Stolen? Tired Of Movie Remakes? Here's One That's Going Nowhere The Minecraft Movie Is Happening - With a Familiar Lead Tony Blair Thinks 'Jeremy Corbyn Is a Nutter' So He's Returning To Politics MOVIE REVIEW: A Street Cat Named Bob The 'Snooper's Charter' Swoops Into The UK: Will You Be Affected? 7 in 10 firms planning to increase or maintain innovation spending in light of Brexit - CBI survey The Mystery of London's KILLER FOG has just been solved Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 What you need to know on Wall Street right now Business Insider Aug. 8, 2016, 12:58 PM 859 facebook linkedin twitter email print Reuters/Rick Wilking Finance Insider is Business Insider's summary of the top stories of the past 24 hours. To sign up, scroll to the bottom of this page and click "Get updates in your inbox," or click here. Walmart is buying Jet.com in the largest e-commerce acquisition in history. Walmart will pay about $3 billion in cash plus about $300 million of Walmart shares for the two-year-old e-commerce site. This chart shows why. Elsewhere in deal news, Vail Resorts is buying Whistler Blackcomb in a $1.1 billion deal, and Dentsu has acquired US marketing agency Merkle in a deal worth more than $1 billion. Meanwhile, there are more billionaires than ever before, and they're frightened. Barclays says there's nothing left to fight the coming economic storm. And copper is waving a red flag for China's economy. One of the biggest warning signs of the financial crisis is flashing again — but this time is different. On Wall Street, Deutsche Bank got fined for literally broadcasting confidential information over loudspeakers, and some of the biggest names in finance have their eye on your savings. In politics, Hillary Clinton looks like she's about to crush Donald Trump — but it might not be so simple. Trump is in the middle of a speech on the economy, and you can get the key takeaways here. Lastly, here are the 12 things every guy should keep at his desk. Here are the top Wall Street headlines at midday: Tesla will burn through $1.1 billion in cash this quarter — Tesla disclosed $1.1 billion in third-quarter cash requirements in payments and planned expenditures on Friday, about a third of the cash on hand mid-year, in a new sign of pressure on the electric vehicle maker. Oil is leaping on reports OPEC is considering a production freeze — Prices of the major oil benchmarks are all higher on Monday following a report that the oil cartel OPEC may cap its production. Hedge funds have done a terrible job at picking stocks this year — Hedge funds are not doing too hot in 2016. Nike and Adidas are getting out of the golf business at exactly the wrong time — Nike and Adidas are ditching their golf businesses, but it may be the wrong move. 'They are hurting right now': The oil patch and has been decimated — A global supply glut has pushed prices below $40 a barrel, and it's hurting a wide range of industries. This little-known app could take on Facebook in a key market — Messaging could be the next big thing. If it is, Line is perfectly positioned to ride the trend to untold riches, as it has four or five times the number of monthly active users as Facebook in Japan, and is similarly popular in Taiwan, Thailand and Indonesia. The head of Bloomberg's $150 million VC fund explains the formula for finding a top AI startup — When Bloomberg first built the terminal system, back in the early 1980s, most of its customers — mainly finance professionals — didn't have computers on their desks. The 20 most common hobbies of the richest people in the world — When billionaires have free time, they have the means for extravagant hobbies, whether it's collecting classic cars or jet-setting across the globe.  Follow Finance Insider and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Finance Insider and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Finance Insider facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru What you need to know on Wall Street right now What you need to know on Wall Street right now Finance Insider is Business Insider's summary... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money On the Hunt for Holiday Movers DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Jim Cramer on Whether Walmart Paid Too Much to Acquire Jet.com to Fend Off Amazon Walmart is buying online retalier Jet.com for $3 billion in cash to fend of Amazon, and Jim Cramer says maybe there's no price too high when survival is at stake Rhonda Schaffler Aug 8, 2016 11:53 AM EDT Walmart  ( WMT)  is buying online retalier Jet.com for $3 billion in cash to fend of Amazon  ( AMZN) , and Jim Cramer says maybe there's no price too high when survival is at stake. But Cramer pointed out Walmart could have spent the money to build up its own online infrastructure. Cramer said in this case, it was easier to buy, rather than build. If you liked this article you might like Trump's Tech-Firm Target Practice As tech companies become enemies of the State, mid-cap financials are a good play. Mark Sebastian Nov 23, 2016 1:47 PM EST Here's Why Shoppers Are Headed to These 6 Retailers on Black Friday Every Black Friday is a battle for foot traffic for the nation's biggest retailers, according to a study by Foursquare. Scott Gamm Nov 23, 2016 11:29 AM EST Infographic: Everyone Thinks This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Will be Amazing From forecasters to top retail executives, the consensus is that the upcoming holiday season will be strong. Brian Sozzi Nov 23, 2016 10:25 AM EST Surging U.S. Dollar Presents Investors With Many Ways to Gain As the greenback reaches for new heights, three strategies stand out as worth pursuing. Barry Rehfeld Nov 23, 2016 9:31 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Colorado Springs man files lawsuit against Fort Carson color guard Cook, carve and chow - Fort Carson soldiers prep food for Salvation Army Thanksgiving meals Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Woody Paige: Tony Romo ever playing quarterback for the Broncos is nonsense Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs cost of living rises for second consecutive quarter Vectrus wins $20 million contract extension for Air Force in Alabama Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight Gazette seeks recipes for Holiday Dessert Recipe Contest Live Well: Yoga can help heal plantar fasciitis Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Top US civilian honor goes to 21 artists, athletes, others The 'Gilmore Girls' revival is far from perfect, but luckily for Netflix, fans won't care Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Dalai Lama: 'No Worries' About Trump Sources: Trump Taps Gov. Haley For UN Ambassador Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Breaking News Woman dies after being shot during hostage situation in Security-Widefield area News: Local News 2 Colorado Springs high school students missing after summiting Colorado's Mount of the Holy Cross Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - 11:16 AM 0 Two Coronado High School students are missing Wednesday after a hike at Mount Holy Cross in Eagle County. Tommy Hendricks, 18, and Matt Smith, 17, called... Colorado Springs police urge precautions amid holiday shopping Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - 6:09 AM 0 Police are hoping a set of safety tips will keep Colorado Springs crime-free this holiday season. This time of year, people are often shopping more frequently or... Colorado public interest group calls attention to recalled children's products News: Local News Neighbor praised for reporting suspicious behavior at Colorado Springs ministry Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - 11:53 AM 0 A report of a suspicious person at a Colorado Springs-based ministry serving impoverished children turned out to be a false alarm, police said Wednesday.... Colorado Springs council passes budget with changed benefits for police, firefighters Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - 6:18 AM 0 The City of Colorado Springs will operate in 2017 on a $272.4 million general fund budget, the... Colorado Springs man files lawsuit against Fort Carson color guard Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - 6:36 AM 0 A Colorado Springs man claims in a lawsuit against the United States that he was beaten by a... Latest Local Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, music and shopping top the list for this weekend By: Linda Navarro - 10 min ago Woman dies after being shot during hostage situation in Security-Widefield area By: Kaitlin Durbin - 22 min ago 157 Colorado Springs-area holiday events 33 min ago Holiday week brings uptick in traffic around Colorado Springs By: Rachel Riley - 47 min ago Putting the "Thanks" back in Thanksgiving By: VINCE BZDEK vince.bzdek@gazette.com - 1 hr ago 33rd iteration of Empty Stocking Fund kicks off Thursday to benefit Colorado Springs-area nonprofits By: Jakob Rodgers - 1 hr ago Sunshine pushes cold out of Colorado Springs to finish out Thanksgiving week By: Ellie Mulder - 3 hr ago Top Stories Boys' Golf Peak Performer of the Year: Luke Trujillo, Discovery Canyon By: JUSTIN SHAW preps@gazette.com - 1 hr ago Air Force's Jalen Robinette wouldn't be first prolific receiver from an option offense to get an NFL shot By: Brent Briggeman - 1 hr ago EDITORIAL: Federal government fines Denver sheriff By: The Gazette editorial board - 1 hr ago Ralph Branca, pitcher who gave up 'Shot Heard 'Round World,' dies By: The Associated Press - 2 hr ago Education Secretary King calls for end to paddling students By: Carolyn Thompson, Associated Press - 3 hr ago Trump taps SC Gov Nikki Haley to be ambassador to UN By: The Associated Press - 4 hr ago EDITORIAL: Experts link homeless surge to pot By: The Gazette Editorial Board - 5 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries A Look Back Our 30 favorite sports movies Holiday Homecoming Discovery Canyon vs. Fort Morgan Football Lewis-Palmer vs Silver Creek Sleeping outside for homeless teens Pets are people, too: 13+ Christmas presents for cats, dogs and more 31st Annual Medal of Valor Luncheon 10 toys and gadgets most likely to sell out this Black Friday 12 new Christmas movies to watch this November November snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Lombardi Trophies Thrill Memorial Patients A Look Back 27 ways to celebrate the holiday season in Colorado Springs and beyond Ormao Dance Company: 'PREPRESS' Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 13 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, music and shopping top the list for this weekend 25 min ago Woman dies after being shot during hostage situation in Security-Widefield area 37 min ago 157 Colorado Springs-area holiday events 50 min ago Holiday week brings uptick in traffic around Colorado Springs 1 hr ago Putting the "Thanks" back in Thanksgiving 1 hr ago 33rd iteration of Empty Stocking Fund kicks off Thursday to benefit Colorado Springs-area nonprofits 3 hr ago Sunshine pushes cold out of Colorado Springs to finish out Thanksgiving week Most Read Democrats won't be able to block Trump appointments due to rules they imposed EDITORIAL: Experts link homeless surge to pot Colorado Springs set to host party to celebrate reopening of Manitou Incline Colorado Springs council passes budget with changed benefits for police, firefighters Colorado Springs man files lawsuit against Fort Carson color guard 2 Colorado Springs high school students missing after summiting Colorado's Mount of the Holy Cross Harassment or Hail Mary? Electors feel besieged Driver intentionally dumped 1,000 bushels of corn on highway, authorities say One month after Colorado Springs flight, War World II pilot Frank Royal dies First a polar bear petted a dog. Then a polar bear did what polar bears do: Ate a dog Sports 1 hr ago The Gazette 2016 Boys' Golf All-Area teams 1 hr ago Boys' Golf Peak Performer of the Year: Luke Trujillo, Discovery Canyon 1 hr ago Air Force's Jalen Robinette wouldn't be first prolific receiver from an option offense to get an NFL shot 2 hr ago Ralph Branca, pitcher who gave up 'Shot Heard 'Round World,' dies 5 hr ago NHL expansion team gets a name: Vegas Golden Knights 13 hr ago Lodeiro gives Seattle win over Colorado in West finals 13 hr ago Toohey's 22 points powers Air Force past Stetson Business 11 min ago Splurge or save? Holiday spending may hinge on how you voted 17 min ago The Latest: Thanksgiving meal set for pipeline protesters 28 min ago Americans hitting roads for busy Thanksgiving holiday 52 min ago Thanksgiving travel expected to be heaviest since 2007 1 hr ago Fact sheet: 2017 Buick Envision 1 hr ago America's first Chinese-built SUV is a Buick Envision 1 hr ago US applications for unemployment aid rose last week Opinion 1 hr ago EDITORIAL: Federal government fines Denver sheriff 5 hr ago EDITORIAL: Experts link homeless surge to pot 5 hr ago LETTERS: That is not racism; legislature should address suicide Yesterday LETTERS: Trash haulers littering; wide range of support Tue, Nov 22, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: The economic importance of travel and tourism Mon, Nov 21, 2016 LETTERS: Support for our beloved veterans; all these open connections Mon, Nov 21, 2016 EDITORIAL: Legal marijuana may be doomed next year Elections 18 hr ago Trump begins backing off campaign vows on Clinton, climate 22 hr ago Most voters want Trump to shutter his personal Twitter account 22 hr ago Trump faces hurdles to reinstating waterboarding Yesterday Harassment or Hail Mary? Electors feel besieged Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Election sees record turnout in El Paso County, Colorado Thu, Nov 17, 2016 The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions Thu, Nov 17, 2016 Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ Around the Web 3 hr ago Education Secretary King calls for end to paddling students 4 hr ago Blue pills in Blue House: S. Korea leader explains Viagra 14 hr ago Thanksgiving in space: turkey, green beans & even football 14 hr ago Trump's grandfather 'kicked out of Germany for avoiding military service' 19 hr ago Judge asks US to reconsider passport for intersex Colorado resident 20 hr ago Network confirms Kanye West is hospitalized in Los Angeles 21 hr ago First a polar bear petted a dog. Then a polar bear did what polar bears do: Ate a dog Latest Videos Dalai Lama: 'No Worries' About Trump Sources: Trump Taps Gov. Haley For UN Ambassador Pikes Peak region forecast Pikes Peak region forecast Obama Awards Medal of Freedom to Artists, Others Star-Studded Mannequin Challenge at White House Donated Thanksgiving Hope for thousands at Marian House Fort Carson teams up with Salvation Army to feed thousands Gary Busey makes New York stage debut playing serial killer in 'Perfect Crime' White Nationalists Give Nazi Salute at Speech Trump Back-Pedals on Clinton Probe, Meets Media Pikes Peak region forecast Sports Latest Sports The Gazette 2016 Boys' Golf All-Area teams1 hr ago Boys' Golf Peak Performer of the Year: Luke Trujillo, Discovery Canyon1 hr ago Air Force's Jalen Robinette wouldn't be first prolific receiver from an option offense to get an NFL shot1 hr ago Ralph Branca, pitcher who gave up 'Shot Heard 'Round World,' dies2 hr ago Broncos David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf53 min ago Ramsey blog: John Elway talks about Broncos' 7-3 start1 hr ago Woody Paige: Tony Romo ever playing quarterback for the Broncos is nonsense15 hr ago Klee blog: Broncos narrowly miss best bye week in NFL history18 hr ago Photo Galleries Our 30 favorite sports movies Discovery Canyon vs. Fort Morgan Football Lewis-Palmer vs Silver Creek Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Federal government fines Denver sheriff1 hr ago EDITORIAL: Experts link homeless surge to pot5 hr ago EDITORIAL: Legal marijuana may be doomed next yearMon, Nov 21, 2016 Trump Democrats are for realSat, Nov 19, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: That is not racism; legislature should address suicide5 hr ago LETTERS: Trash haulers littering; wide range of supportYesterday LETTERS: Support for our beloved veterans; all these open connectionsMon, Nov 21, 2016 LETTERS: Denver a marijuana haven?; reintroduce the gray wolvesSun, Nov 20, 2016 Columns GUEST COLUMN: The economic importance of travel and tourismTue, Nov 22, 2016 Founding Fathers' separation of powers still serves America wellFri, Nov 18, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: A bailout Coloradans can't affordThu, Nov 17, 2016 FAGIN: Electoral College protects against tyrannyThu, Nov 17, 2016 Local News Local News Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, music and shopping top the list for this weekend10 min ago 157 Colorado Springs-area holiday events34 min ago Holiday week brings uptick in traffic around Colorado Springs47 min ago Putting the "Thanks" back in Thanksgiving1 hr ago Local and State Politics EPA wants to keep treatment plant running after Colorado mine spill18 hr ago Sulfur-dioxide emissions from Drake plant violated federal standards, attorney saysYesterday US: Denver sheriff illegally excluded non-citizens in hiringMon, Nov 21, 2016 Calvin Shivers named new leader of FBI's Denver officeMon, Nov 21, 2016 Local Business Colorado Springs cost of living rises for second consecutive quarter5 hr ago Colorado Springs woman received governor's citizenship award14 hr ago Ted Rayburn: Fresh faces among Colorado Springs' business leadersSun, Nov 20, 2016 Opponents say barring pot use in Denver businesses unwiseSat, Nov 19, 2016 More Top Reads Nation and World A year after Laquan McDonald video, Chicago's reforms unevenWed, Nov 23, 2016 Lufthansa pilot strike forces 1,800 flight cancelations3 min ago Charlie Hebdo goes German5 min ago 7 bodies found in Mexico clandestine grave6 min ago Military Q&A: Why Justice Dept. operates independent of White House4 min ago No. 20 Boise State needs help to capture division title26 min ago A look at the last 4 US ambassadors to the United Nations31 min ago Estonia Navy chief resigns over contraband smuggling scandal3 hr ago Blogs Klee blog: Broncos narrowly miss best bye week in NFL history18 hr ago CC hockey announces fifth November signee19 hr ago Local high schools fare well in regional math competitionsYesterday Video Game Haiku Review - Hack the system in 'Watch Dogs 2'Yesterday Crime and Justice Local Crime Woman dies after being shot during hostage situation in Security-Widefield area23 min ago Man suspected of two Colorado Springs robberies within 30 minutes4 hr ago Man reportedly attempts to rob two Colorado Springs businesses in half an hour5 hr ago Colorado Springs police release ID of man shot at betting parlor during alleged robbery13 hr ago National Crime Day-care owner hangs toddler, then takes minivan on rampage through MinneapolisMon, Nov 21, 2016 Texas, Missouri, officers shot in ambushesMon, Nov 21, 2016 St. Louis police officer shot in 'ambush' attack, chief saysMon, Nov 21, 2016 San Antonio police officer fatally shot while writing ticketSun, Nov 20, 2016 Life Life 157 Colorado Springs-area holiday events34 min ago Gazette seeks recipes for Holiday Dessert Recipe Contest4 hr ago Colorado Springs area cooking classes and events starting Nov. 23, 2016Wed, Nov 23, 2016 Give thanks for this turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce7 hr ago Arts and Entertainment Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, music and shopping top the list for this weekend10 min ago Celebrity birthdays for Nov. 23, 2016Wed, Nov 23, 2016 The 'Gilmore Girls' revival is far from perfect, but luckily for Netflix, fans won't careWed, Nov 23, 2016 For Kanye West, a swirling, eventful year ends in a hospital15 hr ago Religion The ’Splainer: Gluttony and the Seven Deadly Sins19 hr ago Religious groups to Obama: Dismantle immigration registry’s framework19 hr ago How Hispanics helped put Trump in the White House19 hr ago Reform and Conservative Jews try a new tactic in battle for Israeli religious pluralism19 hr ago National National Politics Q&A: Why Justice Dept. operates independent of White House4 min ago State police close investigation into speaker's campaign37 min ago Trump Justice Dept. could shift drug prosecution policies1 hr ago Utah lawmaker wins re-election by 3 votes2 hr ago National Business Splurge or save? Holiday spending may hinge on how you voted9 min ago The Latest: Thanksgiving meal set for pipeline protesters15 min ago Americans hitting roads for busy Thanksgiving holiday26 min ago Thanksgiving travel expected to be heaviest since 200751 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Close Skip to main content sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Walmart Walmart splashes $3.3bn on Jet.com in hopes of jolting online retail sales Superstore giant has fallen well off the pace of online retail leader Amazon and hopes Jet’s chief executive will provide ‘entrepreneurial sprit’ Walmart’s online sales came in at $14bn last year, compared to $99bn at Amazon. Photograph: Mike Blake/Reuters Rupert Neate in New York @RupertNeate Monday 8 August 2016 12.46 EDT Last modified on Friday 11 November 2016 06.39 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 3 months old Walmart is buying Jet.com, an online retailer less than two years old, for more than $3bn (£2.3bn) as it attempts to rebuild its internet retailing strategy to try to catch up with Amazon. The big box store giant, which operates more than 11,000 stores across the world, including Asda in the UK, on Monday said said the total $3.3bn purchase represented “another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart”. The entrepreneurial spirit comes in the form of Marc Lore, Jet’s 45-year-old founder and chief executive, who will join Walmart in a senior role as part of the deal. Lore, who started Jet in 2014 after selling his previous company to Amazon for $550m, is in line to collect as much as $825m from this deal as he still owns 25% of Jet, according to Recode. Walmart said Lore would “infuse Walmart with fresh ideas and expertise, as well as an attractive brand with proven appeal, especially with millennials, the first generation of true digital natives”. The Arkansas-based company is expected to axe its current president of e-commerce, Neil Ashe. Lore, a 45-year-old serial entrepreneur from Staten Island, said: “We started Jet with the vision of creating a new shopping experience. I couldn’t be more excited that we will be joining with Walmart to help fuel the realization of that vision.” Walmart to shutter 269 stores, with most located in the US Read more Analysts say Walmart’s acquisition of the loss-making startup is an admittance that the retailer’s online efforts are failing to make headway. Walmart was very slow to the online shopping revolution now dominated by Amazon, and the gap between them has grown: Walmart currently has a stock market value of $230bn, compared to Amazon’s $365bn. “I think it’s an admission that they [Walmart] never really got off to a flying start with online; they never had the growth they should have had,” said Neil Saunders, managing director of the retail analyst service Conlumino. “Walmart’s aim should have been: we are the biggest retailer in the world – we want to be the biggest online retailer in the world. “Instead, [online] growth has taken a lot longer to come through than they would like. Walmart is under the average growth rate of the market, so they are definitely losing [market] share online. It means in some [product categories], they are losing share overall as people stop buying some products in stores in favor of online.” Walmart’s online sales came to about $14bn last year, compared with $99bn at Amazon. Doug McMillon, Walmart’s president and CEO, said: “We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities. Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker, and we’ll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time. Our customers will win. It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart.” Lore started working on Jet, a direct competitor to Amazon, just weeks after leaving Jeff Bezos’s company, which he joined as part of the sale of his previous venture, Diapers.com, to Amazon for $550m in 2010. When he started, Jet Lore told Bloomberg he had “no bad feelings toward Jeff and Amazon”, but he wanted to create a online retail challenger aimed at more price-sensitive consumers – and one that treated its staff with civility. At Jet, staff members are not required to sign non-compete agreements, and board presentations are posted online for all staff to see. “What goes around comes around,” Lore said. “There’s more loyalty and trust that is built [by valuing and trusting employees].” More news Topics Walmart E-commerce Retail industry Amazon.com Internet Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Walmart Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Wal-Mart to buy Jet.com for $3 billion to fight Amazon Bloomberg 8/8/2016 David M. Levitt Wal-Mart has agreed to buy e-commerce startup Jet.com for about $3 billion in cash, giving the world’s largest retailer the resources for a stronger shopping website to compete with Amazon.com Inc., the online market leader. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 70.74 +0.62 +0.88% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 778.88 -6.45 -0.82% Target Corp TGT ▲ 78.87 +1.00 +1.28% Costco Wholesale Corp COST ▼ 152.05 -0.62 -0.41% The deal also includes $300 million in Wal-Mart shares that will be paid over time, the world’s largest retailer said Monday in a statement. Acquiring Jet.com, which achieved a $1 billion gross merchandise run rate in a little more than a year, gives Wal-Mart a website that processes an average of 25,000 orders a day and is adding 400,000 shoppers monthly. Wal-Mart has spent billions expanding its online operation, including hiring thousands of workers, opening two offices in Silicon Valley, and building large e-commerce distribution centers. It also started an annual subscription service similar at half the price to Amazon Prime. Amazon’s $99-a-year service provides free two-day shipping on millions of items, encouraging shoppers to stay on the website, as well as the company’s video entertainment offerings. Hoboken, New Jersey-based Jet.com has distinguished itself in e-commerce through “gain sharing,” luring buyers to add items to their orders to reduce shipping costs, and to pay with debit instead of credit cards to reduce transaction fees. Traditional store-based mass retailers such as Wal-Mart, Target Corp. and Costco Wholesale Corp. have been struggling to fend off Amazon’s momentum in online shopping. “For Wal-Mart to protect its household products lead from Amazon, it must address the rising reliance of Amazon shoppers on free shipping,” Jitendra Waral, a Bloomberg Intelligence senior industry analyst, wrote in an Aug. 4 research note. Jet.com “could bring a nascent e-commerce platform that Wal-Mart could scale.” The deal gives Wal-Mart control over Jet.com’s proprietary technology and its customer database. Wal-Mart’s online sales were about $14 billion last year, 14 percent of Amazon’s product and service revenues of $99 billion. Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said last month that the company’s online operation has taken too long to grow. Go to MSN Home More in Money 7 successful icons who had a brush with bankruptcy InvestorPlace 20 best money tips of all time from Tony Robbins GOBankingRates 7 CEOs heading to the chopping block InvestorPlace The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money Up Next What the richest 1 percent earns in every state Money Talks News AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
null
Skip to main content Home About Contact Whistleblowers Awards Subscribe Donate Jobs Menu News Investigations Exxon: The Road Not Taken The Dilbit Disaster Big Oil + Bad Air Clean Break Bloomberg's Hidden Legacy Keystone & Beyond Meltdown: Terror at the Top of the World Topics Today's Climate Clean Economy Documents Infographics Home About Contact Whistleblowers Awards Subscribe Donate Jobs A Pulitzer Prize-winning, non-profit, non-partisan news organization dedicated to covering climate change, energy and the environment. Home In Corporate March to Clean Energy, Utilities Not Required Instead of waiting for large utilities to go greener, companies are buying renewable energy directly, upending the traditional system. By Jan Ellen Spiegel, InsideClimate News Aug 8, 2016 Google is one of the companies leading the trend toward direct corporate purchase of clean energy through power purchase agreements. Credit: Getty Images A curious thing happened while U.S. utilities were focusing on cheap fracked gas, expensive nuclear power, what to do about coal, and how to fight  renewable energy models that threatened their bottom line. Some of the nation's largest corporations decided not to wait for utilities and took their interest in renewable energy into their own hands. They bought their own clean power. And they bought it directly from the companies that produced it. No utility middleman needed. This clean power revolt, led by some of the biggest corporate energy consumers, is the latest threat to the power purchase and delivery system that's been in place since Thomas Edison invented it. Could this be what gets utilities' attention and forces them to consider clean energy as the future instead of the enemy? Will it ultimately lead to the greening of all of America's power? "It's a really interesting question and I don't know the answer," said Blaine Collison, managing director of marketing and strategic partnerships at Altenex, an energy management company that has orchestrated direct energy purchases for Microsoft, Home Depot, Walmart, Procter and Gamble, Yahoo, Bloomberg and 3M, among others. "What I do know is that we've got a very significant number of massive employers and drivers of American economic output that have said, 'Okay, we want renewables and we're not satisfied with the current options that are available to us. So we're going out into the market and getting renewables for ourselves.'" Many experts say there is more of this to come, and that utilities will not sit back and let this market pass them by. The trend was spearheaded by the elite of the Fortune 500, especially those companies with electricity-guzzling data centers and manufacturing operations such as Google, Amazon and Walmart. Most have climate change concerns and want to boost their green portfolio—their customers wanted that, too—and to make the cost of power more predictable. And so they turned to an old, basic energy project financing model: a power purchase agreement, commonly called a PPA. Traditionally, a utility agrees to buy power for a long time from a generator, giving the builder of an energy plant the stability to attract financing for its construction. The utility then resells power to its customers. But in PPA 2.0, big customers started asking independent renewable power developers to build the installations, usually off-site and sometimes not even in the same state. The companies  signed contracts to buy the electricity virtually for a decade or longer. The trend line has been startling in the last few years, with more than 3.2 gigawatts of corporate renewable deals in 2015—most of them PPAs. That's more than double the amount in 2014. Municipalities, universities, and other institutions are adopting the model. And the temporary renewal of tax credits for wind and solar at the end of last year makes now an ideal time to jump in. Credit: DAVID MCNEW/AFP/Getty Images The windfall has been biggest for the wind power industry. Wind vastly outstrips solar as the corporate PPA power of choice. For 2015 and the first part of this year, about 2,800 megawatts of wind power contracted for corporate PPAs to only a little more than 800 megawatts of solar, according to a Rocky Mountain Institute (RMI) analysis. "The rise of corporate buyer demand is very exciting for the wind industry," said Hannah Hunt, senior analyst for American Wind Energy Association. She called it a complement to the increasing wind purchases by utilities themselves, which she said was being propelled by better technology and improved siting that has cut the cost of wind by two-thirds over the last six years. Hervé Touati, managing director of RMI, called the trend "a very strong signal and an indication of the role corporate buyers can play." Companies considering PPAs are generally seeking larger amounts of renewable power than they can get putting a solar system on their roof, at a rate that's lower than the prevailing cost of electricity, locked in for 15 to 25 years. Some utilities are getting the message and working with companies to arrange competitive terms. Google is one of the earliest and largest adopters. In the last six years the company has structured more than a dozen PPAs totaling nearly 1,900 megawatts as it tries to reach its goal of 100 percent renewable power. They include one announced late last year through Duke Energy for solar in North Carolina. Amazon, also looking to be 100 percent renewable, has contracted for power from several wind farms and a solar installation for nearly 550 megawatts. It structured a solar PPA in Virginia through Dominion. Credit: IKEA The ranks of PPA purchasers include Walmart, Equinix, Microsoft and IKEA to round out the top half-dozen. General Motors is a recent addition. In 2011, GM set a goal of 125 megawatts of renewable energy by 2020. Twenty-two solar, three landfill gas, one waste-to-energy and one hydro installation later, the company is now at 106 megawatts. The largest solar system is just under 12 megawatts. "Even if we put up solar and covered the entire rooftop of our assembly plant, I'd maybe get 20 or 30 percent of our full load," said Rob Threlkeld, GM's global manager of renewable energy. "That's why we started to look at PPAs." Last year GM announced two wind PPAs—one 34-megawatt for several manufacturing facilities in Mexico, another 30-megawatt for an assembly plant in Texas. When the Mexico PPA goes online in a couple of months, it will put GM over its renewable goal four years early. Each plant will save the company $2 million annually for the life of the contract. Experts expect much more is coming, and soon. A survey by PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) in conjunction with the American Council for Renewable Energy (ACORE), which has also studied the corporate PPA phenomenon, sampled U.S.-headquartered companies with large energy footprints. Seventy-two percent of respondents said they were actively pursuing renewable energy purchases, mainly PPAs. So far, only 18 Fortune 500 firms have signed renewable PPAs, plus another 10 or so other companies. Last year's jump in contracts was partly attributable to uncertainty over the expiring tax credits. That sent many companies scrambling to lock in projects before the Dec. 31 deadline. The credits were extended for five years, driving the 2016 corporate renewable PPA pace below 2015. Experts said companies felt they could take a little more time with their decisions now. While the renewed tax breaks will clearly help, according to many people, the key driver behind PPA decisions was sustainability, not money. Many companies now have sustainability and renewable energy goals. And more and more investors, partners, stockholders and customers expect a company to address sustainability and climate change. "I don't believe that large corporations are leading this," said RMI's Touati. "I believe that customers are leading this." Either way, the price increasingly is right. "You don't have to use your own capital," noted George Favaloro, managing director for sustainable business solutions and head of the corporate energy transformation practice at PriceWaterhouse. He was the lead author of its survey. PPAs also avoid energy market price volatility. They lower energy costs. They don't require a company to have a large amount of land. But corporate PPAs do have shortcomings and risks. "The biggest risk is long-term contracts," GM's Threlkeld said. "What's the market going to look like in 10 to 15 years? What's our manufacturing presence in that state or country going look like in 10 to 15 years?" The trend also presents complex questions for the utilities. In Las Vegas, two major hotels—MGM and Wynn Resorts—have said they will pay hefty fees to leave the local utility, NV Energy, so they can buy renewable power. That was after they were unable to work out renewable deals with the utility. Such situations could portend even larger economic ramifications said Greg Wetstone, president of ACORE. "We may have companies saying, 'Look we don't want to come to your state if you're structured in a way that we can't buy the power we want,'" he said. "That's a very compelling economic message." Utilities appear to be listening. "Frankly I haven't heard any worry at all . I've heard more enthusiasm than anything," said Phil Moeller, vice president for energy delivery and chief customer solutions officer at the Edison Electric Institute, the trade association for investor-owned utilities. "The typical issues related to it from a utility's perspective —perhaps you have to include some balancing capability if it's just one fuel, and that fuel isn't available all the time. "That's really not a high hurdle."   Collison of Altenex said there are broader considerations, beyond any one utility. "It's a really interesting intersection of a market opportunity and a set of outcomes that has huge net benefits for the developer, for the power user, for climate change," he said. "This is about changing the U.S. generation portfolio. "It's pretty neat to see the corporates say 'look we want it and we're not waiting.'" Published Under: Clean Energy Email this page Printer-friendly version Subscribe to InsideClimate News Please subscribe me to the following mailing lists Clean Economy Wire Today's Climate ICN Articles Weekly Newsletter Most Popular Myron Ebell, the Climate Contrarian Now Plotting the EPA's Precarious Future By John H. Cushman Jr. Steve Bannon's Trip From Climate Conspiracy Theorist to Trump's White House By Marianne Lavelle Could Donald Trump Kill the EPA? Probably Not, but He Could Cripple It By Georgina Gustin Follow facebook.com/insideclimatenews twitter.com/insideclimate Species on the Move Wild Turkey Wild turkeys made a major comeback after their numbers were depleted by overhunting and habitat loss. Will they fare as well against climate change? Related Another $1.2 Billion Substation? No Thanks, Says Utility, We'll Find a Better Way By Jan Ellen Spiegel California Utility Says Clean Energy Will Replace Power From State's Last Nuclear Plant By Phil McKenna Economy Would Gain Two Million New Jobs in Low-Carbon Transition, Study Says By Naveena Sadasivam Want More Stories Like This One? Contribute To Our StaffDonate Now More Clean Energy Washington State Voters Reject Nation's First Carbon Tax By Marianne Lavelle Florida Ballot Measure Could Halt Rooftop Solar, but Do Voters Know That? By Martin LaMonica Consumer Group: Solar Contracts Force Customers to Sign Away Rights By Zahra Hirji More on Clean Energy Subscribe to InsideClimate News Email Newsletters Articles & Investigations Today's Climate Clean Economy Week in Review Subscribe More From The Author In Corporate March to Clean Energy, Utilities Not Required By Jan Ellen Spiegel Another $1.2 Billion Substation? No Thanks, Says Utility, We'll Find a Better Way By Jan Ellen Spiegel Climate Change's Overlooked Sociological Side By Jan Ellen Spiegel More by Jan Ellen Spiegel Whistleblowers Jobs & Freelance Policies & Legal Our E-Books Keep Environmental Journalism Alive Donate Now News Investigations Topics Today's Climate Clean Economy Documents Infographics Facebook Twitter RSS

Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Swarm Of Bees Gets Loose In Parking Lot Of Walmart, Sends 3 Customers To Hospital Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Swarm Of Bees Gets Loose In Parking Lot Of Walmart, Sends 3 Customers To Hospital August 8, 2016 11:50 am EST By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup bees bees bees swarm of bees insects bee stings bees walmart walmart neighborhood market The Oklahoma Walmart Bee Invasion began with a routine transaction. No, Walmart isn’t selling bees now: two beekeepers met up in the store’s parking lot to complete the sale of three hives of around 10,000 bees each in a public place. Instead, the bees got loose, stinging people in the parking lot. Three people had severe enough problems that they were transported to the hospital. Additional beekeepers came to the parking lot of the Walmart Neighborhood Market to collect the useful insects, but when they first escaped, the insects stung multiple customers, including one firefighter who was on the scene to help. Of the hospitalized people, the last report local news had on Sunday night was that two of them were in “serious” condition, and one in good condition. Bee stings can cause sudden, severe, and life-threatening reactions in people, even people who didn’t previously know that they had an allergy, or who had been stung without any symptoms other than local pain and swelling in the past. 3 taken to hospital after being stung by bees outside metro Walmart [KOCO] Bees escape in Oklahoma City Wal-Mart parking lot, sting several people [WOWT] August 8, 2016 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup bees bees bees swarm of bees insects bee stings bees walmart walmart neighborhood market Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related bees on a plane Bees Swarm American Airlines Plane, Delaying Flight what would macaulay do? Tow Truck Driver Just Trying To Do His Job When He’s Swarmed By Cranky Bees honey i'm home Suspicious Buzzing Noise Leads To Discovery Of 40,000 Bees Under Floorboards Of NYC Home home sweet home New York Homeowners Evicting 1 Million Bees Living In Their House don't worry bee happy Portland Bans Insecticide Blamed For Decline In Honey Bee Population Previous Former JCPenney CEO Now Hand-Delivering Phones For AT&T Next Why Hasn’t McDonald’s Gotten Rid Of Artificial Additives In The Big Mac’s Special Sauce? Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Why Hasn’t McDonald’s Gotten Rid Of Artificial Additives In The Big Mac’s Special Sauce? Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables Editors' Choice All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Search for Arrow_Path WalmartBlackFriday TargetBlackFriday BestBuyBlackFriday PS4BlackFridayDeals ToysRUsBlackFriday Subscribe Home/ Reviews/ Software/ Internet/ Walmart Buys Jet.com For $3 Billion Walmart Buys Jet.com For $3 Billion By Angela Moscaritolo August 8, 2016 10:12am EST 10 Comments Walmart stands to gain "fresh ideas and expertise, as well as an attractive brand with proven appeal." In an effort to improve its website and woo millennials, Walmart today announced it is acquiring Hoboken, NJ-based e-commerce company Jet.com for $3 billion in cash. The world's largest retailer will also pay $300 million of its shares over time as part of the transaction, which has been approved by both companies' boards and is expected to close before the end of 2016. Walmart said the acquisition will "infuse" the big box retailer "with fresh ideas and expertise, as well as an attractive brand with proven appeal, especially with millennials." Jet.com does indeed have an impressive track record, reaching $1 billion in sales its first year and growing its customer base of "urban and millennial" shoppers by more than 400,000 people monthly. The online retailer offers some 12 million products and processes an average of 25,000 orders every day. Its technology rewards customers in real-time with discounts on items that are bought and shipped together, "thereby reducing the supply-chain and logistics costs often buried in the price of goods," Walmart said. Current Jet customers don't need to worry about the brand going away. After the acquisition closes, each organization will continue to maintain their distinct brands. Walmart and Jet will leverage each other's technology to "develop new offerings to help customers save time and money," the companies said. //Related Articles Walmart Pay Now Available in Stores Nationwide In a statement, Walmart President and CEO Doug McMillon elaborated on that plan. "We're looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that's what our customers want," McMillon said. "We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities. "Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we're pursuing will happen quicker, and we'll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time… It's another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart," he added. Back to top Previous : Google Adding Critic Reviews, Best-of Lists to Search Result... Hulu Ends Free Streaming Service Next : By Angela Moscaritolo Reporter Angela has been a PCMag reporter since January 2012. Prior to joining the team, she worked as a reporter for SC Magazine, covering everything related to hackers and computer security. Angela has also written for The Northern Valley Suburbanite in New Jersey, The Dominion Post in West Virginia, and the Uniontown-Herald Standard in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of West Virginia University's Perely Isaac Reed School of Journalism. More » More Stories by Angela Nostalgia Alert: Play Solitaire on iOS, Android Now The app offers 'five of the best' Solitaire card games — Klondike, Spider, FreeCell, Pyramid and Tri... More » Your Xbox One Games Will Soon Stream to Oculus Rift The feature won't turn your Xbox One favorites into VR games, it'll just let you play them in a virt... More » Liar, Liar, iPhone on Fire? Report Says Android Users More Honest A new study out of the UK finds that Android users are more likely to be male, older, more honest an... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles 7 Things Not to Buy Before Black Friday Hands On With Snapchat Spectacles 9 Shows to Watch if You Love Westworld How Stoners Are Getting High (Tech) How to Capture Video Clips in Windows 10 10 Games Every Sony PlayStation 4 Player Needs »See More //Discover... The Biggest Software Flops of All Time The Eerie World of Abandoned Arcade Games TV Shows to Watch if You Love 'Stranger Things' »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2016 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused
null
null
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ E-commerce Mergers and Acquisitions Walmart is buying Jet.com for $3 billion Jet.com CEO Marc Lore will also run Walmart.com by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Aug 7, 2016, 8:03pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Jet.com Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, announced it will acquire two-year-old online retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion in cash and stock in the largest-ever acquisition of an e-commerce company. Jet co-founder and CEO Marc Lore will continue to run Jet as well as Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations after the acquisition closes, according to sources. The deal includes $3 billion in cash, as well as $300 million in Walmart stock that will be paid out over time as part of an incentive bonus plan for Jet executives. The announcement comes after Recode reported the deal was finalized over the weekend. Walmart and Jet declined to comment on the earlier report. For Walmart, the purchase marks a giant bet on a largely unproven startup that only launched its shopping site widely last July. Up until now, the largest U.S. e-commerce acquisition was last year’s $2.4 billion sale of Zulily, a public company, to QVC. The Jet acquisition is an acknowledgement by Walmart CEO Doug McMillon that his company needs outside help if it’s ever going to close the giant gap with Amazon. It’s still unclear whether that is the right strategy for the brick-and-mortar retailer. Lore spoke about battling Amazon on Recode Decode last December: The deal is in many ways a marriage of necessity, but a shot worth taking, as I explained last week when news of the talks first broke. Walmart’s $14 billion in annual e-commerce sales is a fraction of Amazon’s $99 billion and is growing slower than the industry average. Its growth rate has decelerated for five consecutive quarters. Jet.com was co-founded in 2014 by the entrepreneur Marc Lore in an attempt to build a new online megastore that would compete with the likes of Amazon, Walmart and Costco. Jet has secured more than $800 million in financing since its founding but is spending $20 million to $25 million on advertising a month to fund its growth. It is not profitable. It most recently raised a $619 million round that gave it a value of more than $1.6 billion, but was going to have to keep raising huge sums of money to survive on its current path. Lore pulled the rip cord instead, but he will be rewarded handsomely — he owns about 25 percent of the company, according to sources. Such a stake suggests Lore stands to make as much as $750 million in the deal. He will now have Walmart’s deep pockets — the company registered $15 billion in profits last year — to try to fuel more growth at Jet. Lore will stay on and run Walmart.com as well as Jet.com, two sources said. It seems likely that he will report to McMillon, the CEO. Walmart’s current global e-commerce chief, Neil Ashe, will eventually depart after a transitional period, these people said. He joined Walmart in 2012 after a three-year stint at CBS Interactive. Lore previously co-founded Diapers.com’s parent company and sold it to Amazon for $550 million in 2011 after the two sides battled through a pricing war that threatened to put the startup out of business. Jet sells more than 12 million products ranging from TVs to toys to cereal, and even milk and other fresh groceries in some markets. A little less than a third of its sales volume comes from items that Jet stores in its own warehouses and sells directly to customers, an exec recently told Recode. The remainder comes from a network of more than 2,000 vendors who list their own products on Jet.com and ship orders to Jet customers from their own facilities. The company typically takes a cut of 8 to 15 percent on these orders. As of March, Jet was on track to sell more than $1 billion worth of goods over the next 12 months, though it only records a fraction of that as revenue. Jet has attempted to stand out from competitors through a discounting model, dubbed the Smart Cart, that rewards customers with greater discounts as they add more items to their order. Jet also gives customers additional discounts if they forfeit the right to return an item, or pay with a debit card instead of a credit card. Four million people have made a purchase on Jet since it launched, but the company recently shifted its advertising efforts to getting existing customers to come back more often. Jet originally planned to charge customers a $50 annual membership fee in exchange for even larger discounts, but scrapped that model before its launch. At the time, Lore explained the move in part by saying that some brands did not want to sell goods on a site that was considered a discount destination. On the back end, Jet’s technology can identify in real time which orders should be routed to which vendors to garner the lowest fulfillment and shipping costs — a model that is said to allow the company to provide bigger discounts for bigger orders. Vendors are able to set business rules so they only accept orders that will be profitable for them, Lore has previously said. Such technologies were attractive to Walmart, according to sources, as it attempts to use its vast store and warehouse footprint to reduce shipping costs and cut down on delivery speeds. Amazon has put pressure on the whole industry through its Amazon Prime shipping program, which now delivers some goods in as little as two hours in dozens of cities. Walmart is expected to utilize some parts of the pricing technology on its other e-commerce sites. Walmart may also use some of Jet’s technologies to expand the business it gets from other vendors selling their wares through Walmart.com. This model — known as a third-party marketplace — is also employed aggressively by Amazon, which now gets around half of its unit sales from that group. Even with Walmart acquiring the strong Jet leadership team and proprietary technology, the deal still will be viewed as a rich, if not desperate, one by some industry observers. Jet does not disclose revenue numbers, but my back-of-the envelope math suggests the company is on pace to do no more than around $500 million in revenue over the next year. An acquisition price that is six times a company’s revenue is mostly unheard of in e-commerce, especially for a company that is nowhere near profitable. Dollar Shave Club sold to Unilever for between four and five times revenue but had said it could be profitable on an Ebitda basis by year’s end. Amazon, by comparison, currently trades around 3.7 times its e-commerce revenue and has registered record profits three quarters in a row. Jet is based in Hoboken, N.J., and has raised investments from several of Diapers.com’s original backers including Accel Partners, NEA and MentorTech Ventures. Jet also took investments from Primary Venture Partners, Bain Capital Ventures, Google Ventures and Alibaba. Lore had been known to regale the press with his ambitious plan to build a long-term stand-alone business that could be worth tens of billions some day. Jet’s investors are still pleased. Several have told Recode privately that they thought the chances of a successful outcome were slim to near-impossible, even with the background of Lore and his co-founders. Now, they’re cashing out tens of millions or more, in some cases. "Not bad for two years’ work," one said. Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated Lore would run Sam's Club's online operation. He will only run Walmart and Jet's e-commerce businesses. Update: The story was updated to include official announcement of the deal from Walmart. recode_divider More From Recode Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? A credit card hack at MSG gives Knicks fans another reason to despise owner Jim Dolan Twitter reminds everyone it won’t cooperate with government or police surveillance Trending Black Friday isn’t dead. It’s just irrelevant. Amazon has big plans to expand its online tickets business The marketing genius behind Snap’s new Spectacles Facebook, Google and now Verizon are accelerating their tracking efforts despite consumers’ privacy concerns Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 31. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Apple Politics President Trump Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. by Peter Kafka “I think you’re going to do it.” Podcasts Politics Recode Media with Peter Kafka Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Kurson says he’s proud to have voted for Donald Trump, and to work for his son-in-law, Observer publisher Jared Kushner. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China by John Murrell The tool can block posts from appearing in News Feeds based on location. Podcasts Media Politics Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Yes, says one of the few people who might know: Observer Editor in Chief Ken Kurson. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
Talk Business & Politics you're viewing Statewide change region Central Arkansas Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fort Smith area Save Statewide Name Menu Microsites Finance Energy Startup Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Close Business Politics Video / Podcasts Advertise Contact Us Community Member stories Create an account Submit a blog post Close New Bentonville-Bella Vista Chamber academy will cater to young entrepreneurs by Jamie Smith. Published Aug 8th, 2016 9:57 am jsmith@thecitywire.com / @tbarkansas The Young Entrepreneurs Academy (YEA) will soon have its first location in Arkansas as the Bentonville-Bella Vista Chamber of Commerce will offer its first YEA class this fall. The Chamber will host two informational meetings about the program with the first being Aug. 8 and the second Sept. 12. The meetings will begin at 4:30 p.m. in the Walmart World Room, which is upstairs from the Walmart Museum on the Bentonville Square. Founded in 2004 at the University of Rochester with support from the Kauffman Foundation, the Young Entrepreneurs Academy today works with thousands of students in nearly 170 communities in 38 states. Since the program’s inception, more than 4,250 businesses have been launched, according to the national YEA! website. The YEA teaches students in grades 6-12 (ages 11-18) how to develop a viable business idea and to make that business become a reality. The work with instructors and mentors to: develop a business plan, interact with business professionals from many Northwest Arkansas industries through guest speaking sessions and field trips, pitch their business plan to real local investors, and launch their business or social movement. A winner from the Bentonville-Bella Vista YEA program will be able to take their idea to compete at the regional and possibly national level. “If this had been offered when I was a kid, I would have jumped all over it,” said Dawn Stewart, vice president of business retention and program development for the Chamber. Students must apply for the program and once accepted, they will attend classes for 32 weeks beginning Oct. 17. YEA classes will be 4:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. every Tuesday (except school holidays) in the Walmart World Room. held at the Walmart World Room. Students aren’t required to have a business idea in mind when they apply. In fact, the first couple weeks of the program is spent brainstorming ideas. Students will have the ability to choose to operate their own business or to form groups to develop a joint business idea. This program provides an excellent alternative for students for whom attending college right out of school may not be a good fit. “They will be students today and CEOs tomorrow,” Stewart said of those selected. The students will have three instructors who will each offer a 10-week curriculum. They will also take field trips and have the chance to hear from a panel of CEOs and several other guest speakers throughout the 32-week course. Each business will have a mentor who will help them develop a sales pitch and marketing plan to present before an investor panel towards the end of the class. “I love that we’re giving another option for youth for what they want to do with their life,” Stewart said. Eric Howerton, CEO of Fayetteville-based WhyteSpyder, plans to be involved in several ways, including as an instructor. WhyteSpyder is a marketing agency. “I would have loved to have discovered my passion long before,” Howerton said, adding that it’s important for this region to demonstrate a more “progressive business-minded” approach. “In reality, school teaches how to learn not how to do,” he said. Author Bio: See latest posts Comments 20shares Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Opinion Ken Smith What will a Trump presidency mean for Arkansas’ advanced energy economy? Ruth Whitney Believe it: the Presidential polls were accurate Michael Tilley Riff Raff: The lucky ones Ruth Whitney Volunteering should be part of the business plan Michael Tilley Riff Raff: A Veterans Day remembrance Special Sections Home Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Magazine Opinion © 2015 Talk Business & Politics. All Rights Reserved
CNET Reviews CNET 100 Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Crave Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Black Friday Cyber Monday Video Apple Byte Carfection CNET Top 5 CNET Update Googlicious How To Netpicks Next Big Thing News On Cars Phones Prizefight Tablets Tomorrow Daily CNET Podcasts How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home CNET Smart Home CNET Smart Apartment Smart Home News Smart Home How To Best Smart Home Devices Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Black Friday Deals Cyber Monday Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Click here to open CNET Tech Industry Walmart to scoop up Jet.com for $3.3B to better battle Amazon Walmart to scoop up Jet.com for $3.3B to better battle Amazon The deal, one of the biggest ones yet for an e-commerce company, is designed to bulk up Walmart's online presence. Walmart to scoop up Jet.com for $3.3B to better battle Amazon 0 Tech Industry by Ben Fox Rubin August 8, 2016 5:59 AM PDT @benfoxrubin by Roger Cheng August 8, 2016 5:59 AM PDT @RogerWCheng Up Next Pokemon Go tracking finally goes live and actually works Jet.com has landed at Walmart. Photo by Ben Fox Rubin/CNET Walmart is hoping to take its online presence to new heights -- and is willing to pay big for it. The world's largest brick-and-mortar retailer said Monday it has signed a deal to acquire e-commerce startup Jet.com in a cash and stock deal worth $3.3 billion. The purchase, expected to close this year, will be one the biggest yet for an e-commerce company. Rumors of the purchase first started up last week. The deal could create a significant rival to Amazon, which has been the undisputed king of online retail for years. The increased competition might create more choice for online consumers, force prices lower and puncture the dominance of Amazon and its Prime loyalty program. Still, Walmart -- even with Jet -- would have a long way to go to catch up to the Seattle retailer. While Walmart makes significantly more revenue than Amazon overall, Walmart's e-commerce sales last year were a mere $13.7 billion. Amazon's were $107 billion. "This is Walmart being even more committed to winning in e-commerce," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said on a call with reporters Monday. In a statement set out earlier in the day, he said the deal will help Walmart.com grow and develop faster, while allowing Jet to become more successful in a shorter period of time. Walmart and Jet disclosed that the retail startup adds 400,000 new shoppers every month and processes an average of 25,000 orders each day. Since officially launching just over a year ago, Jet's marketplace is on track to hit $1 billion in total sales from both the company and third-party sellers. Walmart and Jet will maintain their separate brands. A bulk of the deal is in cash, with Walmart paying $300 million in stock over time. The acquisition is the second major exit for Marc Lore, CEO and co-founder of Jet. Lore started Quidsi, parent of Diapers.com and Soap.com, and eventually sold it to Amazon for $545 million in 2011 after a price war. He stayed at Amazon for a few years but departed to start Jet. According to CrunchBase, Jet has raised $565 million in equity funding, a huge sum for a startup and a clear sign of investors' confidence in Lore's abilities to take on Amazon again. Jet has distinguished itself by offering real-time discounts to customers for purchasing more items from the same warehouse and for waiving free returns, both of which save Jet money. The company has developed a complex algorithm to power these discounts, likening it to a real-time trading platform. Still, Jet has been furiously burning through its war chest in an effort to acquire new customers and get the word out on its new business. Despite plenty of skepticism that Jet could -- from scratch -- take on Amazon, Lore offered an ambitious plan to push Jet to $20 billion in sales by 2020. He may now pursue that goal under Walmart. Lore will be responsible for both Jet.com and Walmart's US e-commerce business, taking on the title president and CEO of Walmart's e-commerce business. Walmart's current global e-commerce chief, Neil Ashe, will leave the company by the end of the fiscal year. Before joining Walmart, Ashe was president of CBS Interactive, parent of CNET. Share your voice 0 comments Join the conversation Tags Tech Industry Walmart E-commerce Related Stories Samsung Group offices get raided again in political scandal UK government: No porn please, we're British You can get Netflix in 4K on your Windows PC (finally) Don't fear the AI uprising: This robot can't even pass exams Close   Discuss: Walmart to scoop up Jet.com for $3.3B to... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Pokemon Go tracking finally goes live and actually works The iPhone 7 Antenna issues explained What's really going on with the iPhone 7's LTE connection? Apple's getting rid of their Airport Wireless routers and we like balloons. by Brian Tong Close Drag CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Thu, Nov 24, 2016, 6:06 AM AEDT - Australia Markets open in 3 hrs 54 mins Wal-Mart to buy US online retailer Jet.com for $3.3 blnBy John Biers | AFP – Mon, Aug 8, 2016 9:08 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Wal-Mart's earnings for the quarter ending July 31 were $3.8 billion, up 8.6 percent from the year-ago period Wal-Mart Stores announced Monday that it will acquire e-commerce company Jet.com for $3.3 billion as it beefs up its online retail operations in response to Amazon and other competitors. Wal-Mart is paying $3 billion in cash for the online retailer. Shareholders of Jet.com, which was launched in July 2015, will also receive $300 million in Wal-Mart shares over time, Wal-Mart said. The move comes as Wal-Mart and other conventional retailers struggle to keep up with Amazon and a slew of smaller online businesses that have sprouted in recent years as consumers become more comfortable with shopping in cyberspace. Conventional retailers have responded by shutting some stores and by meshing the two formats by, for example, having consumers order on line but pick up groceries at a store. In recent months, Wal-Mart has announced ventures with ride-sharing companies Lyft and Uber to allow speedy delivery of goods to compete with Amazon's Prime service. It has also introduced Walmart Pay, a mobile application designed to compete with Apple Pay. "We're looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that's what our customers want," said Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. Credit Suisse said the Jet.com acquisition by Wal-Mart could spark acquisitions by other conventional retailers as specialty stores in everything from auto parts to home furnishings look for new ways to reach consumers. The Jet.com deal "could open up the doors for other brick and mortar retailers to follow suit," Credit Suisse said. "Wal-Mart's move is one that many retailers should be considering as they need the people, the technology and infrastructure to compete, but have shied away for fear of further margin erosion," it added. - Targeting millennials - Wal-Mart praised Jet.com's leaders, including chief executive Marc Lore, whose previous company owned the e-commerce site Diapers.com., which was sold to Amazon in 2010. Jet.com has 3.6 million members and has been adding 400,000 new subscribers a month and averaging 25,000 daily processed orders. The company works with about 2,400 retailers and brands. "The acquisition of Jet will infuse Walmart with fresh ideas and expertise, as well as an attractive brand with proven appeal, especially with Millennials, the first generation of true digital natives," Wal-Mart said. The deal could also let Wal-Mart access a wealthier clientele. The average Wal-Mart customer has annual income of about $58,000, compared with $68,000 for Amazon, said market research firm Kantar. Wal-Mart plans to keep Jet.com as a distinct brand. Ramping up investment in e-commerce has been a drag on Wal-Mart earnings, along with added costs due to paying US workers more. Wal-Mart said in October it would raise investment in e-commerce from $700 million in 2015 to $900 million in 2016 and a projected $1.1 billion in 2017. Wal-Mart is still awaiting a fuller payback on the investment. In May, the company reported a seven percent rise in e-commerce sales in the first quarter, a rate of increase that McMillon said was too slow. Wal-Mart reported $478.6 billion in sales last year, more than four times that of Amazon. However, Amazon's market capitalization of $361.6 billion is nearly 60 percent higher than Wal-Mart's. Wal-Mart shares fell 0.6 percent to $73.34. @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Mexico maintains growth forecasts despite TrumpAFP Mexico's finance ministry on Wednesday maintained its growth forecasts for 2016 and 2017 despite volatility in … Brexit to spark UK slowdown, blow hole in public purseAFP Lufthansa scraps 900 flights Thursday as pilots extend strikeAFP Webjet signs with Chinese travel partnerAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7383 -0.0018 -0.24% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5930 -0.0026 -0.44% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7003 +0.0038 +0.55% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Pope Francis Personal loan Aussie dollar Australia energy Kanye West Interflora Donald Trump Pet insurance Aussie weather Interest rate Australia Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
News National Sports Events Movies & TV Music Videos New Releases Live Reviews Album Reviews Music Premieres Features Digital Covers Opinion Lists Style Fashion Lifestyle Vixen Viva Share < br />this article: Walmart Employee Goes Viral After Giving A Homeless Man His Shoes Features Melissa De Los Santos | August 8, 2016 - 11:38 am Share < br />this article: CREDIT: Fox 5 Atlanta If you’ve been losing faith in humanity Phil Powell will help you believe again. The generous Walmart employee went viral when a customer snapped and posted a photo of him giving a homeless man the shoes off his own feet. Powell then continued to work, greeting Walmart customers in his yellow Walmart vest and pink socks. While his charity warmed the hearts of many, it’s his story that really stood out. READ; Four Georgia Teens Ask For A Job To Avoid Gangs And Get Hired Immediatley The good deed was indeed done from the kindness of his heart, but it wasn’t all that random. The New Manchester High School student was also homeless for most of his life. When he saw the man walking barefoot, he glanced down at the converses on his feet and saw his own story. Coming from nothing, he was once gifted the converses because of his good grades. Later on the generous teenager found out his godmother was struggling with breast cancer and dyed the sneakers pink in support of her. Regardless of the turbulent stories the sneakers held, he knew it was time they had a new journey. “It’s not an easy lifestyle,” he told Fox News. “I was homeless from third until the 11th grade it was just in and out of hotels, shelters, cars.” READ; This 8-Year-Old Californian Started A Home Bakery To Fund A New House For His Mother Powell’s mother, Brenda Patterson, fled to Georgia seven years ago with Powell and his siblings to escape from domestic violence. She feared the kind of men her own sons would become if she stayed in that toxic environment, and raised them on her own the best she could. “I tried to keep no matter what we went through, I kept them in school, and I kept them in church,” she shared. “But there were a lot of nights I just didn’t know what to do, how to do it, when to do it.” Today the family is no longer homeless, but Powell still remembers the difference a good deed from someone made for him when he was living on the streets. “It meant everything to me,” he continued. “If somebody gave me anything I will always cherish and make sure it’s clean and neat because I know how much it meant to people.” READ; Homeless College Student Addresses GoFundMe Dispute: “I Have Not Lied To Any Of You, Nor Will I” Today Powell is not only no-longer homeless, but popular throughout social media. You the man Phil Powell. — Tomy (@Tmurphy1045) August 3, 2016   Tags: Walmart 0 Recommended for you Arizona Man Lost Over 300 Pounds Walking To WalMart Three Times A Day Walmart Nixes Confederate Flags And Related Items From Its Shelves Tracy Morgan Gives First Interview Since Fatal Crash: ‘I Can’t Believe I’m Here’ The Best 2014 Black Friday Electronic Deals Tracy Morgan Update Black History Month Spotlight: Rosalind Brewer Comments Around The Web The VIBE Mix Newsletter Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up Featured Stories A Definitive Track Ranking Of Lil Kim's 'Hard Core' Album How '2Pacalypse Now' Marked The Birth Of A Rap Revolutionary NEXT: Lady Leshurr Is Birmingham, UK's Dose Of Rap Girl Magic VIBETRIBE Podcast: A Boogie & Don Q Are Playing For Keeps This Year MOBILE SITE Vibe is part of SpinMedia About SpinMedia Advertise Contact SpinMedia Privacy Policy Copyright SpinMedia | SPIN / VIBE / Celebuzz / The Superficial / The Frisky / Death and Taxes / Stereogum / Go Fug Yourself / Celebslam / Sounds Like Nashville
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 One chart shows why Walmart just spent $3 billion to take on Amazon Myles Udland Aug. 8, 2016, 10:46 AM 6,571 facebook linkedin twitter email print More Charts   Amazon is the king of retail, and now Walmart is reeling. In a deal announced Monday, Walmart acquired e-commerce startup Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus an additional $300 million in Walmart stock. This deal is clearly part of Walmart's bid to take on Amazon, which currently brings in about $100 billion in annual e-commerce sales against Walmart's roughly $15 billion. Walmart's total revenue, we'd note, is nearly $500 billion. But as the retail business shifts online, the acquisition of Jet.com gives Walmart not only an existing customer base to build its e-commerce business, but the technical and logistical know-how of an online-first retailer. The urgency for Walmart to do something — anything — to make serious inroads on building out its online operations, however, is clearly outlined in this chart showing the rise of Amazon's market cap against Walmart. And while market cap isn't everything, the shift here very obviously shows that investors are betting big on the future of Amazon while mostly sitting tight on what Walmart is worth, both now and in the future. Andy Kiersz, data via Bloomberg Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: Why Walmart's new $3 billion weapon could pose a huge threat to Amazon NOW WATCH: It’s surreal to watch this 2011 video of Obama and Seth Meyers taunting Trump about a presidential run Loading video... Follow Markets Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to Markets Chart Of The Day and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: Chart Of The Day Amazon Walmart facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru One chart shows why Walmart just spent $3 billion to take on Amazon One chart shows why Walmart just spent $3 billion to take on Amazon Amazon is the king of retail, and now Walmart... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
    Sign In Account Sign Out Subscribe Authors University rankings Education hub Our videos Download our app Our Archives Search for: Search for: Sign In Subscribe Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart University rankings Education hub Our videos Download our app Our Archives News Politics Economy Education Culture Society Work Multimedia Follow Us Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Scott Feschuk John Geddes Scott Gilmore Jonathon Gatehouse Anne Kingston Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Martin Patriquin Shannon Proudfoot Evan Solomon All Authors Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Brian Bethune Paul Boothe Meagan Campbell Scott Feschuk Michael Friscolanti Jonathon Gatehouse John Geddes Charlie Gillis Scott Gilmore Stephen Gordon Cathy Gulli Aaron Hutchins Adnan R. Khan Anne Kingston Jason Kirby Adrian Lee Nancy Macdonald Jason Markusoff Leah McLaren Kevin Milligan Mike Moffatt Martin Patriquin Jennifer Robson Zane Schwartz Amanda Shendruk Evan Solomon Chris Sorensen Sarmishta Subramanian Liz Sullivan Nick Taylor-Vaisey Patricia Treble Jaime Weinman Nikki Wiart Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   0 Walmart buying online retailer newcomer Jet.com Walmart is realizing that it needs to compete more aggressively in the online world against the likes of Amazon Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press August 8, 2016 Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) NEW YORK – Wal-Mart has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash a year ago when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart is paying $3 billion in cash and another $300 million in stock. The deal announced Monday marks a major move for Wal-Mart, which is realizing that it needs to compete more aggressively in the online world. Wal-Mart’s online business has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centres and expanding services. Last month, Wal-Mart announced that was selling its Chinese online business Yihaodian.com to the China’s second-biggest e-commerce site J.D.com in a strategic partnership that it hopes will bolster its presence in the lucrative but increasingly competitive marketplace. Buying Jet.com would let Wal-Mart compete more effectively with Amazon.com and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com to make it on their own in a sphere dominated by Amazon.com with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The acquisition is expected to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said. The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups in an extremely competitive landscape. In January, Hudson’s Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchased flash-sales site Gilt Group. And in June, Bed, Bath & Beyond scooped up One Kings Lane. As part of the latest deal, the companies will maintain separate brands, with Walmart.com focusing on delivering the company’s everyday low price strategy. Jet.com will continue to provide a curated assortment of products. Jet.com has been grown fast, reaching $1 billion in gross merchandising value in its first year. The Jet.com deal will help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger. Jet.com has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says that it will also be incorporating some of Jet.com’s “smart” technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, it will provide big financial backing. “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO, in a statement. “It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Wal-Mart.” Marc Lore, co-founder and CEO of Jet.com, said in a statement that the combination of Wal-Mart’s retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with the team, technology and business it has built at Jet – will allow the company to deliver more value to customers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015 under Lore, set out to reinvent the shopping cart. It now sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers, coming from more than 2,400 retailers. The company, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. Wal-Mart, meanwhile, reported in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7 per cent in the first quarter, weaker than the 8 per cent in the previous quarter and far below the 20 per cent increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon’s Prime program. But while Amazon’s Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. “From a competitive perspective, we believe the impact on Amazon will be fairly benign,” wrote Moody’s lead retail analysts Charlie O’Shea in a statement. “However, this acquisition in tandem with its joint-venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Wal-Mart is attacking online retail with significant zeal. As we believe ‘catching’ Amazon online is an unrealistic goal for any brick-and-mortar retailer, Wal-Mart now has a definite leg-up on its competitors in the very important race to be number 2 online.” O’Shea noted that Wal-Mart is “paying a lot” for Jet.com, but “no one knows whether they’ve paid too much or too little,” he said. In its latest fiscal year ended January, Wal-Mart generated online sales of $13.7 billion, a fraction of its total revenue of $482.1 billion. And its online figure pales in comparison to Amazon.com’s annual net revenue of $107 billion. Wal-Mart’s online business is ranked number three in terms of sales, behind Apple Inc. Lore has experience competing with Amazon before, as CEO of Quidsi, whose main site was diapers.com. Eventually, it bought him out for more than $500 million back in 2010. Jet.com has faced plenty of challenges, though. Three months, after Jet.com launched, it ditched its annual membership fee of $49.99, leading critics to question the business model. So Jet.com promised to undercut Amazon and other retailers by 4 per cent to 5 per cent instead of larger discounts. But Jet.com is not a discount site. It is built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping and adjusts prices based on what items are in the checkout cart, as well as how far the desired products are from the shopper’s home. So as shoppers put items in their cart, they’re encouraged to add more to build a more efficient cart and buy items labeled “smart cart” for more savings. Users can even further customize orders for more savings. For instance, if they waive the right to return an item – a huge cost for online retailers – prices drop even more. In May, Lore told The Associated Press that Jet.com had expected to reach overall profitability in 2020 and to hit $20 billion in general merchandise value with 15 million customers. Lore said the company wanted to make sure people know about it and was taking its profit from selling products and investing it in advertising. Jet.com was also testing the sale of fresh food like eggs. The Wall Street Journal reported that Lore will take on a senior leadership position on the e-commerce side on the company and Wal-Mart’s top online executive, Neil Ashe, is expected to depart, said a person familiar with the situation. Wal-Mart and Jet.com each declined to comment on that that report. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. slipped 37 cents to $73.39 in morning trading Monday. Its shares are up 3 per cent over the past year. Twitter Facebook Google+ Share LinkedIn Reddit Email   Filed under: Jet.com walmart Advertisement Advertisement    Post navigation Previous Don’t allow the ‘alt-right’ to disguise hate in linguistic semantics Next Maclean’s. Every day. Wherever you are. Download our app here Leave a comment Hide comments Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Your comment Related stories Attention all news junkies It’s just Walmart now, so long hyphen. Why everyone wants to set up shop in Winnipeg Wal-Mart changed Canadian retail. Can it save India? Wal-Mart Stores CEO and President Duke stepping down from posts Popular on Maclean's   1 of 2   ‘Hate wave’ could hit Canada, too: Van Jones 6 comments University Rankings 2017 4 comments Corey Michael Mijac, 1998-2016 Donald Trump could happen in Canada. It’s already begun. 67 comments ‘It was my mistake,’ Wynne says of high electricity bills 50 comments A new Liberal plan for fighter jets doesn’t abandon the F-35 2 comments Blocking pipelines is a costly way to lower emissions 4 comments Why Canadians should care about Facebook’s fake news problem 2 comments The return of the angry Quebec premier 2 comments 2017 Program Rankings 3 comments Top Twitter Facebook Tumblr Instagram LinkedIn Google+ Share YouTube Resources About Us Advertising Contact Us Site Map Subscribe Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Subscribe to Macleans.ca newsletters Need to know Essential reading on the national conversation. Sign up for a daily dose of news, commentary and analysis from the always thought-provoking Maclean's newsroom.† Storyline Every Saturday, we'll send you our editor's picks of the best stories on Macleans.ca† From our partners Yes! I would like Maclean's to send me alerts, information, event notifications, special deals and promotions from our carefully screened partners that they feel may be of interest to me.† By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} © 2001-2016 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service
null
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Technology News Reviews Opinion Internet security Social media Apple Google More Telegraph Technology Walmart pays $3.3bn for Amazon rival Jet.com Walmart's online operations have paled in comparison to Amazon's Credit: AP James Titcomb 8 August 2016 • 4:26pm Walmart has agreed a $3.3bn (£2.5bn) takeover of Jet.com, one of Amazon’s biggest online challengers, in a major statement of intent from the superstore giant. The acquisition of the loss-making company, which launched its low-price website just a year ago, was seen as a bold attempt to tackle the widening gap between Amazon and Walmart’s own e-commerce business. Although its $482bn in sales last year make Walmart - which also owns Asda - the world’s biggest retailer, the vast majority of this was in traditional bricks-and-mortar retailing and its online revenues were just $13.7bn, compared to $99bn for Amazon’s retail business. Walmart’s market capitalisation, meanwhile, was surpassed by Amazon last year and is now less than two-thirds of its younger rival. We're excited to continue building an incredible savings experience with @Walmart. More on today's news: https://t.co/f93WXlzr4Q— Jet (@Jet) August 8, 2016 Jet, which was founded just two years ago and did not launch a website until July last year, has been seen as one of the few internet retailers capable of stymieing Amazon’s dominance of internet shopping. By offering heavy discounts on bulk orders, which save on shipping costs, the upstart has claimed to undercut Amazon in many areas as well as encourage high-volume shopping on its own site. It has grown to around 3.6m shoppers in the US, although it is heavily loss-making having spent millions on marketing, and was believed to be looking for more cash despite having raised hundreds of millions in recent months. The rise of the retailer also appears to have done little to stunt Amazon, whose sales in North America rose by 25pc last year. Jet is led by Marc Lore, an internet commerce entrepreneur who sold his last company Quidsi, which owned Diapers.com and Soap.com, to Amazon for $545m in 2010. Owning an estimated 25pc of Jet, he stands to make around $750m from the sale. Walmart will pay $3bn in cash and then $300m in shares over time, with the deal ranking as the biggest takeover of a US e-commerce company. Other investors had included Google’s venture capital arm and Alibaba. Jet boss Marc Lore Credit: AP Mr Lore will continue to run Jet.com, which will maintain its status as an independent website, but also take over Walmart’s online operations. The supermarket’s website is set to introduce Jet’s technology, while being under Walmart’s umbrella will allow the startup to lose money for longer. Walmart is believed to have insisted that Mr Lore remain at the combined company for several years as part of the deal. “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” said Walmart’s chief executive Doug McMillon. Follow Telegraph Science & Tech READ MORE ABOUT: Retail and Consumer industry Amazon Show more Technology latest 23 Nov 2016, 4:30pm Parking chaos as payment app RingGo offline across the country  23 Nov 2016, 11:24am Facebook 'prepares to suppress posts in bid to enter China' 23 Nov 2016, 11:02am How much of the UK has mobile phone coverage? EE offers to pay to help consumers find out 23 Nov 2016, 10:44am Twitter suspends account of its own chief executive Jack Dorsey 23 Nov 2016, 10:34am Battery breakthrough will let phones charge in seconds and last for a week 23 Nov 2016, 12:01am Fraudsters targeting Deliveroo customers steal hundreds of pounds of food  22 Nov 2016, 4:30pm Made.com founder steps down as chief executive as furniture retailer approaches £100m in sales 22 Nov 2016, 4:25pm From Napflix to Manbang: weird and wonderful Netflix rivals around the world 22 Nov 2016, 2:03pm Facebook Messenger scam steals passwords and hijacks accounts 22 Nov 2016, 1:05pm Facebook drone crash investigated by US safety authorities 22 Nov 2016, 11:01am iPhone video bug crashes any Apple phone - here's how to protect yourself 22 Nov 2016, 10:35am NES Classic Mini review: A retro gaming treat – if you can find one 4 21 Nov 2016, 7:33pm IBM pledges UK investment with plan to open four new data centres 21 Nov 2016, 4:31pm Panasonic invests $60m in world's first laundry-folding robot 21 Nov 2016, 12:26pm Nokia confirms it will release a smartphone next year 21 Nov 2016, 12:00pm Ofcom bars dominant BT from bidding on 4G airwaves 03:25 21 Nov 2016, 11:07am Watch how Tesla's self-driving cars see the road 02:00 21 Nov 2016, 9:37am Netflix is now available as a surgical implant - according to this creepy new Black Mirror video 02:09 21 Nov 2016, 6:00am The science behind how the internet works 20 Nov 2016, 9:15pm Comment: It isn't just Facebook - the internet creates bubbles everywhere James Titcomb Premium 01:33 20 Nov 2016, 8:23pm What is Universal Children's Day and why is Google celebrating it with a Doodle? If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2016
null
Hot Topics: U.S. Presidential Election News Local Heroes Where We Live My Classic Car The Alphabet Print   Email   Font Resize What's the fairest produce of them all? 'Ugly' fruit, veggies get their own glass slipper By Rick Sobey, rsobey@lowellsun.com Updated:   08/08/2016 08:25:04 AM EDT Plaintains are reduced at a Market Basket supermarket are discounted at a local Stop & Shop. SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE PHOTOS / RICK SOBEY TEWKSBURY -- Richard Asadoorian, 66, makes his way from the produce aisles to the reduced-price produce cart at Market Basket in Stadium Plaza. He starts inspecting the outside of the fruits and vegetables, with some having bruises, spots and dents. "I'd pass these plantains up," the Lowell man said, as the banana-like fruit had bruises all over them. "You have to be picky. Make sure they're not too old." He ended up selecting some peaches from the reduced-price area, which offers discounts of 25 percent or more on blemished and edible produce as compared to fruits and vegetables sold in the regular section. "Economic times are tough," he said. "For those on a fixed budget, it's good to have the reduced-price cart, even though they should be more like 50 percent off." An increasing number of grocery chains has begun stocking and distributing fruits and vegetables once deemed unfit for sale based solely on appearance. Recently, Walmart -- the nation's largest grocer with more than 4,000 produce-selling stores -- announced it would sell "less-than-pretty" apples in 300 stores across Florida. Walmart also sells imperfect potatoes in Texas, Arkansas and Oklahoma. "We're not planning to sell these products in Massachusetts as of now, but we'll see what customers say in these states and go from there," said John Forrest Ales, a Walmart spokesman. While Walmart doesn't sell imperfect produce in Massachusetts, there are still area options for those seeking cheaper fruits and vegetables at Market Basket and Stop & Shop. Advertisement At Chelmsford's Stop & Shop on Wednesday, a selection of slightly imperfect produce -- including tomatoes, apples and limes -- were being sold at a discount. "Even produce that cannot be sold is put to good use," said Philip Tracey, spokesman for Stop & Shop's New England Division. "Produce that is damaged, for example, is sent to our green energy facility in Freetown, where it is turned into clean energy. Green apples are discounted at a local Stop & Shop. SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE PHOTOS / RICK SOBEY " Wegmans in Burlington doesn't sell imperfect produce, but this type of produce could soon be sliced up for its "fresh cut" products -- such as squash and veggie spaghetti that is chopped up and prepared for customers. "We actually just discussed this the other day in a meeting," said Brad Whitney, produce manager at the Burlington location. "It would be a great use of the produce, and it will taste the same. "It falls in line with our sustainability here," he added. "You hate to see food wasted." The United States throws away tons of food every year. The Natural Resources Defense Council estimates that 40 percent of food grown and produced annually in the U.S. goes uneaten. More fruit and vegetables are wasted than any other food category, with 52 percent being lost rather than consumed. Hannaford Supermarket across from Stadium Plaza doesn't sell imperfect produce; however, the company doesn't throw it away, either. Hannaford donates the produce to churches and charities, said Jose Killgren, produce manager. "We give it to people who really need it," he said. In the future, Hannaford Supermarkets in the region could sell imperfect produce. The chain has started selling some produce items that are "cosmetically challenged," according to Michael Norton, director of external communication and community relations. Called "Misfits" produce, these items may be slightly discolored or not uniform in size; in some instances, they have an unusual shape or bump. The food is just as nutritious and flavorful as other produce, and it will be selling for a lower price, as much as 25 percent less, Norton said. "Our supermarkets pride themselves in making sure that any produce we don't sell goes to local food pantries or, when it is not appropriate for donation, to composting and animal feed," said Eric Blom, Hannaford spokesman. "Misfits takes that to another level by helping to reduce farm waste, while providing our customers with another option for nutritious fruit and vegetables." Misfits items will be sold in the produce section of participating Hannaford stores in the Alban, N.Y., area. The offering will include apples, oranges, cucumbers, tomatoes, mini-watermelon, squash and more.  Whole Foods in Bedford doesn't sell imperfect produce, but in April the store started to sell these types of fruits and vegetables in Northern California. Whole Foods already buys less attractive produce for prepared foods, juice and smoothies. "Our goal is zero waste and we're always looking for ways to reduce our collective impact and positively influence the industry," Whole Foods said in a statement. No employees from Market Basket were available to discuss their reduced-price produce, but a Tewksbury man shopping at the store Wednesday certainly didn't hold back when checking out the imperfect produce. "This is my way of protesting the high prices," said the man, who declined to give his name. "Prices have gone up so much over the years, so I check these out. They're not bad." Information from The Washington Post was used in this report. Follow Rick Sobey on Twitter and Tout @rsobeyLSun. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top     Welcome to your discussion forum: Sign in with a Disqus account or your social networking account for your comment to be posted immediately, provided it meets the guidelines. (READ HOW.) Comments made here are the sole responsibility of the person posting them; these comments do not reflect the opinion of The Sentinel and Enterprise. So keep it civil. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google+ The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » MoneyWatch Brazil's Olympic-size economic woes, and other Mon... CBS This Morning Thanksgiving travel by car CBS This Morning Thanksgiving travel rush CBS This Morning Trump softens positions CBS This Morning Tennessee school bus tragedy CBS This Morning Presidential Medal of Freedom CBS This Morning Trump's conflicts of interest? CBS This Morning Car seat failures CBS This Morning Target CEO on holiday shopping Markets The world’s No. 1 for patent applications: China Markets Dow 19,000: What finally got it this high Markets Lilly Alzheimer's drug fails in latest study Markets On a tear, Dow closes above 19,000 mark for first time Markets At Walmart, Cyber Monday comes on Friday Markets Stocks party like its 1999 even as risks mount Markets Stock trifecta: Dow, Nasdaq, S&P 500 climb to new heights Markets U.S. stocks fall short of record highs Markets Trump's attorney general pick: A buzzkill for legal pot? Markets Election blues could trim 2016's holiday spending Markets “A slugfest between uncertainty and speculative fever” Markets Target has high hopes for its new tiny stores AP August 8, 2016, 10:36 AM U.S. stock indexes drift lower in early trading; oil up Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email NEW YORK -- U.S. stocks drifted lower in early trading Monday as investors sized up the latest company earnings and deal news. The major stock indexes were coming off new highs set last week following a strong U.S. jobs report. Energy stocks surged the most as oil prices rose, while health care companies were the biggest laggard. The Dow Jones industrial average slipped two points to 18,541 as of 10:08 a.m. Eastern time. The Standard & Poor's 500 index slid less than one point to 2,182. The Nasdaq composite index fell four points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,216. Allergan PLC slumped 3.5 percent after the Botox-maker's second-quarter revenue fell short of Wall Street's forecasts. The stock lost $9.14 to $244.70. Wal-Mart Stores slipped about 1 percent after the retail giant agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash and another $300 million in stock. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about challenging online leader Amazon. Shares in Wal-Mart shed 69 cents to $73.06. Germany's DAX was up 0.7 percent after government figures showed that industrial production posted a better-than-anticipated gain in June. France's CAC 40 was up 0.2 percent, while Britain's FTSE 100 index was flat. Markets in Asia moved mostly higher despite a report showing China's exports fell again in July, while a decline in imports accelerated. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 1.6 percent, while the Shanghai Composite Index rose 0.9 percent. Tokyo's Nikkei 225 surged 2.4 percent. Sydney's S&P-ASX 200 added 0.4 percent, while Seoul's Kospi rose 0.9 percent. India's Sensex added 0.2 percent. Benchmarks in Taiwan, New Zealand and Thailand also rose, while Singapore declined. Benchmark U.S. crude was up $1, or 2.4 percent, at $42.80 per barrel in New York. The contract shed 13 cents on Friday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, was up 91 cents, or 2.1 percent, at $45.18 per barrel in London. It lost 2 cents on Friday. Bond prices fell. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note rose to 1.61 percent from 1.59 late Friday. In currency markets, the dollar rose to 102.56 yen from Friday's 101.75 yen. The euro edged down to $1.1074 from $1.1091. © 2016 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features How not to go bust during holiday shopping Target CEO talks holiday shopping deals, smaller, urban stores David Pogue's wallet guide: "Information is money" Why Apple is getting in on the Black Friday action The world’s No. 1 for patent applications: China Market News Moneywatch Spotlight The 7 highest paying jobs for men and women L.A. Auto Show: 5 cars that are turning heads 11 of the best new cars for 2017 6 things NOT to buy on Cyber Monday 10 high-end kitchen upgrades to whip through the holidays Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Gymnastics Girls Volleyball Girls Tennis Boys Basketball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Softball Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Sponsored Blogs Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments N.J.-based Jet online retailer bought by Walmart for $3B Print Email Jeff Goldman | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Jeff Goldman | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Jersey Journal Email the author | Follow on Twitter on August 08, 2016 at 11:13 AM, updated August 08, 2016 at 11:47 AM comments Hoboken-based e-commerce retailer Jet.com has been sold to Walmart for $3 billion in cash. Walmart announced the deal Monday, adding it will throw in another $300 million in stock. The sale is expected to close by the end of the year.  Walmart hopes to give a shot in the arm to its online business with the purchase, CNN Money said.  Jet.com positioned itself as a low-cost alternative to Amazon.com and traditional shopping clubs such as Costco when it launched in July 2015. It originally said it would only make money off its $49.95 membership fee but scrapped the fee less than three months later.  Jet processed 25,000 orders a day and has access to 2,400 retailer partners, according to Walmart. It is not yet profitable, according to the Los Angeles Times. The two will remain separate brands. Jet CEO Marc Lore of Mountain Lakes was named one of Fortune Magazine's "Smartest People in Tech" in 2012 for his e-commerce business, Quidsi (Latin for "What if?"), which he founded in 2005 with his childhood friend Vinit Bharara. Quidsi's first e-commerce venture was diapers.com, which was sold to Amazon for $500 million in 2010. Lore will stay with the company after the sale in an as yet-unannounced role, USAToday.com said.  Jeff Goldman may be reached at jeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffSGoldman. Find NJ.com on Facebook.   Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters RSS feeds More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Register for free with NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money On the Hunt for Holiday Movers DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Walmart CEO: What I Really Like About Our New Division Jet.com Walmart has been on the offensive this year when it comes to taking aim at Amazon's e-commerce dominance. Brian Sozzi Aug 8, 2016 3:39 PM EDT Updated from 11:07 a.m. to include CEO comments.  Bricks and mortar retail king Walmart (WMT) has pulled out the big guns this year in its efforts to shoot down digital foe Amazon (AMZN) . The latest bazooka shot was fired on Monday as the world's largest retailer said it will acquire e-commerce player Jet.com for $3 billion in cash. It will also give Jet.com $300 million worth of Walmart shares, which will be paid out over time. Jet.com founder Marc Lore -- a long-time e-commerce entrepreneur -- will assume the leadership of Walmart's U.S. e-commerce operations, the company confirmed on a media call Monday afternoon. Neil Ashe, who currently oversees Walmart's e-commerce operations, will depart. Jet will continue to operate independently.  In Jet, said the source, Walmart recognizes an experienced management team in digital retail. In particular Lore is an expert in the sector, a source close to the matter said, and he could provide very valuable knowledge on e-commerce. "Marc points to the future," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon told reporters.  Walmart expects the deal to close later this year. Shares were recently down less than 1% to $73. According to the source, Walmart is particularly keen on Jet's "smart cart" technology. The technology recommends savings opportunities to customers such as increasing item quantities, buying items that ship from the same location, waiving returns and using a low-fee payment method. Jet will also help Walmart expand the number of items it sells online, and reach a higher income customer. The ability of Jet's technology to help Walmart customers save money over time was not lost on McMillon. "The customer has more choice over the price they pay, they can build a basket of items," McMillon told TheStreet when asked what he really likes about Jet's business model. He added, "It's [building baskets and subsequently saving money on an overall shopping trip] frankly true to the spirit of Walmart's pricing philosophy." McMillon did acknowledge that integrating the two online platforms -- and getting key Jet technology onto Walmart's website -- will not happen overnight. He also pointed out that Walmart's backing with such things as fulfillment will help to lower costs for Jet, and "achieve profitability sooner." "A Walmart and Jet.com tie-up could firmly make the e-commerce battle a two-horse race. While Amazon's current lead may make it seem like the race is already won, this combination could make Walmart more competitive as an omni-channel player with an innovative website in Jet.com," wrote Morgan Stanley analyst Simeon Gutman in a new note on Monday.  The Jet deal comes in the wake of several actions Walmart has taken this year to try and close the competitive gap with Amazon.  Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Trump's Tech-Firm Target Practice As tech companies become enemies of the State, mid-cap financials are a good play. Mark Sebastian Nov 23, 2016 1:47 PM EST Here's Why Shoppers Are Headed to These 6 Retailers on Black Friday Every Black Friday is a battle for foot traffic for the nation's biggest retailers, according to a study by Foursquare. Scott Gamm Nov 23, 2016 11:29 AM EST Infographic: Everyone Thinks This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Will be Amazing From forecasters to top retail executives, the consensus is that the upcoming holiday season will be strong. Brian Sozzi Nov 23, 2016 10:25 AM EST Surging U.S. Dollar Presents Investors With Many Ways to Gain As the greenback reaches for new heights, three strategies stand out as worth pursuing. Barry Rehfeld Nov 23, 2016 9:31 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Internet Retailer Go to Top500Guide.com Account Logout Register Sign in Cart (0) Search This Week's Top Stories E-Retailers Omnichannel Mobile Marketing Technology Charts + Data Articles By Category E-Commerce Sales Top 500 U.S. E-Retailers Second 500 U.S. E-Retailers Web-Only Merchants Retail Chains Consumer-Brand Manufacturers Catalogers Top 500 European E-Retailers Top 500 Chinese E-Retailers Top 500 Asian E-Retailers Top 500 Latin American E-Retailers E-Commerce Leaders Latest E-Retailers News Battling screens, department stores change tactics Holiday strategy for department stores includes more in-store promotions and unique products. Read Now Amazon Prime memberships continue to climb Thanksgiving weekend web sales will grow, but by how much? Barnes & Noble hires a Staples veteran ﻿Early holiday shopping sales lift LeftLane Sports Shoppers say they’ll spend more during the Thanksgiving weekend All E-Retailers News From The IR Blog David Jones / E-Commerce Bracing for the next DDoS attack About 20 of the 50 top online retailers were impacted by the ... Posted 11/22/2016 2:16 PM 0 Ask The Experts What are the current trends in the Hardware Industry? Hardware & Home Improvement is one of the areas where web sales are growing rapidly. Don Davis See this answer and More Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Articles By Category In-store Pickup Ship From Store In-store Marketing Omnichannel Technology Omnichannel Consumer Trends Omnichannel Strategy Latest Omnichannel News Target now ships online orders from more than 1,000 stores In Q3, online sales increased 21% year over year and accounted for ... Read Now Kohl’s focuses on e-commerce efficiency and in-store pickup Consumers can store loyalty cards in this retail ad aggregator Shoppers who browse retail sites when in stores spend more Giant Bicycle offers online buying in the US for the first time Walgreen web shoppers can ship their order to stores All Omnichannel News Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Articles By Category Mobile App & Site Design Mobile Company News Mobile Device News Mobile Marketing Mobile Performance Management Mobile Sales Mobile Statistics Tablets Mobile Commerce Technology Mobile In-Store Latest Mobile News Retailers prep for this holiday season’s mobile traffic boom Traffic to mobile sites could surpass desktop every day this holiday seasons, ... Read Now Advance Auto Parts speeds ahead on mobile performance Wayfair unveils a virtual reality app for Google’s VR platform What Google’s latest mobile index changes mean for e-retailers Hormel hopes bacon virtual reality videos sizzle Tipsy Elves redesigns with a mobile focus All Mobile News From The IR Blog Courtney Lowenthal / Mobile Commerce Why retailers should track consumers across devices That’s the only way to understand how consumers are moving from discovery ... Posted 11/18/2016 1:55 PM 0 Ask The Experts What are the advantages and disadvantages of pure responsive design versus hybrid? Hybrid means some variation of a site is being decided on the server, before content is delivered. Brendan Falkowski See this answer and More Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Articles By Category Affiliate Marketing E-mail Marketing International Marketing Merchandising and Design Online Marketplaces Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Search Social Media Video/Rich Media Web Advertising Latest Marketing News Google rolls out two new omnichannel metrics Google adds distance and location reports to AdWords reporting tools to help ... Read Now Brands and users can share live videos in Instagram Stories Madison Reed launches an artificial intelligence chat bot Facebook tests a new product-focused ad Facebook finds more miscalculated metrics Pinterest tests autoplay video ads All Marketing News From The IR Blog Timothy Seward / Internet Diary 2016 Internet Trends: quantifying the mobile uprising The widely followed annual Internet Trends report from Mary Meeker documents that ... Posted 08/09/2016 5:05 PM 0 Ask The Experts How can a manufacturer make production descriptions available to retailers that se... I would recommend that you have one description which you use on your own site and offer e-retailers an alternate description. Stephen Spencer See this answer and More Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Articles By Category Supply Chain Vendor Financials Industry Statistics Content Management Customer Service E-commerce Platforms E-Payments & Security Fulfillment/Delivery Marketing Technology Order Management Performance Management Personalization Web Site Analytics Latest Technology News Retailers need to be ready for a social media message surge Sprout Social expects the average merchant will receive 1,780 social media messages ... Read Now Where are the most secure places to shop online? Striking pilots may delay Amazon’s holiday packages More Amazon merchants are fulfilling Prime orders themselves USPS package volume will jump 12% this holiday season Why Shoe Carnival no longer worries about chargebacks All Technology News From The IR Blog Courtney Lowenthal / Mobile Commerce Why retailers should track consumers across devices That’s the only way to understand how consumers are moving from discovery ... Posted 11/18/2016 1:55 PM 0 Ask The Experts Need help finding a good POS system? Store systems shouldn’t be this hard! Tim Toews See this answer and More Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Charts + Data By Category Sales Mobile Commerce E-Retailers Technology Marketing Consumers Internet B2B E-Commerce About Charts View the latest trends and charts in the 8 e-commerce categories listed below. E-commerce sales by region, sales by product category, holiday data, online spending by shopper and as percentage of household income, and more. Consumers now spend more time with online retail on mobile devices (smartphones and tablets) than desktop and laptop PCs. Read key data on mobile commerce sales, traffic, conversion, devices, marketing and more. Sales and traffic to online retailers by category and merchant type, data on Amazon and other leading e-retailers, comparisons of leading web retailers, site performance data, more. Technology spending plans of online retailers, deployment of technology on e-commerce sites, mergers and acquisitions among e-commerce technology vendors, and more. E-retailer spending by marketing category, leading e-retailers in paid and natural search marketing, social media data, how consumers respond to online marketing. Online consumers by country, age, activity, income; how consumers pay online; data on online shopping patterns. Internet penetration by region, income, age and other factors; web browser market share; time spent on social networks; country rankings by Internet population. B2B e-commerce is larger than retail e-commerce in transaction volume. Read key data on industry sales, trends in marketing and web content, technology investment, and more. Latest Charts Sales U.S. e-commerce sales grows 15.6% in Q3 Mobile Commerce Mobile performance index: November 2016 E-Retailers Amazon orders by hour on Prime Day 2016 Technology Online fraud rates decline Marketing 58% of Top 1000 online retailers send welcome emails Consumers 55% of online shoppers start product searches on Amazon Internet Desktop performance index: October 2016 B2B E-Commerce A massive downturn ahead in jobs for B2B sales reps Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Top 500 Research Webinars Vendor Directory Resource Library IR Blog Shop Magazine Free Subscriptions Close Top Stories From This Week Google rolls out two new omnichannel metrics Google adds distance and location reports to AdWords reporting tools to help retailers understand where their store visitors come from. Read Now eBay updates its app with more consumer reviews Vistaprint greets the holiday season with cheer Crate and Barrel launches an online marketplace Home Depot’s omnichannel strategy drives sales ... Black Friday deals in the UK face criticism over pricing A British consumer group finds that some retailers raise prices before Black Friday to make discounts appear steeper. Read Now Groceries and Jet.com help Wal-Mart grow e-comm... Facebook finds more miscalculated metrics Nearly 40% of JCP.com orders are picked up in s... Amazon sues marketplace sellers for alleged fak... Sign up for IRNewsLink and get daily reports delivery to your inbox. Sign Up Now E-Retailers Battling screens, department stores change tactics Amazon Prime memberships continue to climb Thanksgiving weekend web sales will grow, but by how much? Barnes & Noble hires a Staples veteran ﻿Early holiday shopping sales lift LeftLane Sports All E-Retailers News Sponsored by Mobile Retailers prep for this holiday season’s mobile traffic boom Advance Auto Parts speeds ahead on mobile performance Wayfair unveils a virtual reality app for Google’s VR platform What Google’s latest mobile index changes mean for e-retailers Hormel hopes bacon virtual reality videos sizzle All Mobile News Marketing Google rolls out two new omnichannel metrics Brands and users can share live videos in Instagram Stories Madison Reed launches an artificial intelligence chat bot Facebook tests a new product-focused ad Facebook finds more miscalculated metrics All Marketing News Sponsored by 2013 Social Media 300 Technology Retailers need to be ready for a social media message surge Where are the most secure places to shop online? Striking pilots may delay Amazon’s holiday packages More Amazon merchants are fulfilling Prime orders themselves USPS package volume will jump 12% this holiday season All Technology News Previous Next Home/ E-Retailers/ Top 500 U.S. E-Retailers 70426 August 8, 2016, 8:26 AM Wal-Mart acquires Jet.com for $3.3 billion By Matt Lindner Associate Editor Some industry experts are skeptical that adding Jet will help Wal-Mart as it battles Amazon. Jet says its sales have reached an annual run rate of $1 billion. As part of the deal, Jet co-founder and CEO Marc Lore will take over as president and CEO of Wal-Mart e-commerce at the end of the current fiscal year. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has acquired online marketplace Jet.com in a cash and stock deal valued at over $3 billion, Wal-Mart announced today. Reports surfaced last week about Wal-Mart’s interest in Jet, with a Wal-Mart spokeswoman declining to comment at the time and Jet not returning multiple requests for comment. Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer by revenue but far behind Amazon.com Inc. in online sales, anounced this morning that it will pay $3 billion in cash and an additional $300 million in stock to acquire Jet, which launched 13 months ago. Why Amazon is suddenly swimming in profit As part of the deal, Jet.com co-founder and CEO Marc Lore will take over as president and CEO of e-commerce at Wal-Mart, effective at the end of the current fiscal year. Current president and CEO of global e-commerce Neil Ashe will be leaving the retail chain at that time. “(Ashe) and I have been talking about the fact that this was a natural inflection point for a leadership change,” Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon told reporters on a conference call on Monday afternoon. “Marc is excited about the opportunity to work on the Wal-Mart brand. I expect that we’ll work together for a long, long time.” “The combination of Wal-Mart’s retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint, and digital assets – together with the team, technology and business we have built here at Jet – will allow us to deliver more value to customers,” Lore said. Related Articles Top 500 U.S. E-Retailers Jet.com acquires online retailer Hayneedle Online Marketplaces E-retailers rely more heavily on online marketplaces Online Marketplaces Jet.com predicts its sales will total $1 billion Wal-Mart says Jet will continue to operate as its own distinct brand. “Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker, and we’ll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time,” McMillon said. “Our customers will win. It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Wal-Mart.” “Wal-Mart has definitely put its stake in the ground saying, ‘We’re going to be winning in e-commerce,’" said Joseph Feldman, an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group. “Amazon should be concerned about what Wal-Mart is doing.” The $3.3 billion cash and stock purchase price represents nearly six times the amount of funding Jet.com has raised in its brief history. According to CrunchBase, Jet has raised $565 million across four rounds of funding. Jet, which launched to a torrent of hype 13 months ago, offers shoppers a variable pricing model, including lower prices for buying more of certain items or opting out of free returns on items.  Jet’s sales have reached an annual run rate of $1 billion, and chief revenue officer Scott Hilton says it now has over 4 million active shoppers. Jet.com operates as a marketplace on which some 2,400 brands sell 12 million SKUs, Wal-Mart says. Jet.com process 25,000 daily orders and is attracting 400,000 new shoppers per month, according to Wal-Mart. Jet launched in July, requiring a $49.95 annual subscription, aiming to generate additional revenue beyond the commission it charges for sellers on its shopping portal. The company opted to jettison the subscription model just three months later, instead opening up the marketplace to all shoppers, which some observers suggested it was having trouble attracting shoppers quickly enough to meet its projections of rapid growth. Jet's basic commission is 15% on a sale, although the rate drops for higher-ticket purchases. Lore is “one of the smartest people in e-commerce” who will bring a new kind of thinking to Wal-Mart to help it transition to digital commerce, says Sucharita Mulpuru, an analyst at Forrester Research Inc. “Wal-Mart still struggles with things like third party marketplaces, which Marc and his team have successfully built.” Jet itself grew through acquisition, buying online retailer Hayneedle in February. Hayneedle had been No. 95 in the 2015 Internet Retailer Top 500, with estimated 2014 online sales of $404 million. The acquisition of Jet appears to be another sign that Wal-Mart, No. 4 in the Internet Retailer 2016 Top 500 Guide, is taking direct aim at Amazon, No. 1. Some industry experts say this move won’t necessarily close the gap between Wal-Mart and Amazon, however. “While Jet’s deeply discounted pricing model fits Wal-Mart’s low price strategy we don't believe that this marriage offers anything truly differentiated or new to the market,” says Dianne Inniss, customer experience and innovation strategist at ThoughtWorks Retail. “While Wal-Mart will acquire some interesting pricing technology and the e-commerce capabilities that it has struggled to develop, this investment won’t be a game changer in the battle against Amazon which still accounts for half of all e-commerce growth. Compared to the Amazon.com powerhouse, this marriage still has a long way to go.” Bloomberg News contributed Topics acquisition Amazon.com Inc. CEO Doug McMillon e-commerce jet.com Marc Lore online marketplaces Wal-Mart Stores Inc.. Next in Top 500 U.S. E-Retailers Overstock promotes a veteran executive to president Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Today's News Most Popular E-Retailers Battling screens, department stores change tactics to attract shoppers Holiday strategy for department stores includes more in-store promotions and unique products. E-Retailers Amazon Prime memberships continue to climb New estimates peg U.S. Prime consumers at 49.5 million, up nearly 24% from about 40.0 ... Technology Retailers need to be ready for a social media message surge Sprout Social expects the average merchant will receive 1,780 social media messages in need of ... E-Retailers The five-day holiday e-commerce outlook: Sales will grow, but how much? Web sales on Thanksgiving will grow the fastest, but Cyber Monday still wins. See All Headlines See All Headlines Get a Free Subscription to IR leave this field blank to prove your humanity First Name * Last Name * Company * Email * Submit Subscribe to Magazine for Free Subscribe to B2BecNews for Free From The IR Blog David Jones / E-Commerce Bracing for the next DDoS attack About 20 of the 50 top online retailers were impacted by the recent denial of ... Posted 11/22/16 2:16 PM Post a comment Rob Gonzalez / E-Commerce Black Friday and the decline of the one-day sale More consumers are shopping online at their own pace and checking their smartphones when in ... Posted 11/22/16 6:46 AM Post a comment Research Guides Global 1000 Buy PDF $495 Database $2995 Learn More U.S. Top 1000 Buy Database $995 Learn More Online Marketplaces Buy PDF $199 Learn More Luxury E-Retailers Buy Digital $299 Learn More Online Apparel 250 Buy PDF $299 Learn More Online Food Report Buy PDF $199 Learn More Fulfillment & Delivery Buy PDF $199 Learn More Home Furnishing Buy PDF $199 Learn More E-Retail Quarterly Financial Report Buy PDF $99 Learn More Omnichannel Winners Buy PDF $199 Learn More Top 500 Buy Print $199 Digital $199 Bundle $299 Learn More Second 500 Buy Print $199 Digital $199 Bundle $299 Learn More B2B 300 Buy Digital $199 Database $375 Learn More Leading Vendors to the Top 1000 Buy PDF $199 Database $375 Learn More Best Marketers Buy PDF $349 Learn More Best Social Media Buy PDF $129 Database $375 PDF $349 Learn More Best Search Marketers Buy PDF $129 PDF $349 Learn More Best Email Marketers Buy PDF $129 PDF $349 Learn More Mobile 500 Buy Report $199 Database $375 Learn More Europe 500 Buy Digital $199 Database $375 Learn More Asia 500 Buy Digital $199 Database $375 Learn More China 500 Buy Digital $199 Learn More Amazon Prime Day Report Buy PDF $199 Learn More Hot 100 Buy Print $69 Digital $69 Bundle $99 Learn More E-Commerce In Canada Buy Digital $199 Learn More Latam 500 Buy PDF $199 Database $375 Learn More Guide to Website Design Buy PDF $249 Learn More E-Commerce Technology Buy Digital $119 Learn More Previous Next Advertisement E-Retailers E-Commerce Sales Top 500 U.S. E-Retailers Second 500 U.S. E-Retailers Web-Only Merchants Retail Chains Consumer-Brand Manufacturers Catalogers Top 500 European E-Retailers Omnichannel In-store Pickup Ship From Store In-store Marketing Omnichannel Technology Omnichannel Consumer Trends Omnichannel Strategy Mobile Mobile App & Site Design Mobile Company News Mobile Device News Mobile Marketing Mobile Performance Management Mobile Sales Mobile Statistics Tablets Marketing Affiliate Marketing E-mail Marketing International Marketing Merchandising and Design Online Marketplaces Search Engine Marketing Search Engine Optimization Site Search Technology Supply Chain Vendor Financials Industry Statistics Content Management Customer Service E-commerce Platforms E-Payments & Security Fulfillment/Delivery Guides Global 1000 U.S. Top 1000 Database Online Marketplaces Luxury E-Retailers Report Online Apparel 250 Online Food Report Fulfillment & Delivery Home Furnishing E-Retail Quarterly Financial Report Omnichannel Winners Of The Top 500 Top 500 Second 500 B2B E-Commerce 300 Leading Vendors to the Top 1000 America's Best Marketers In E-Commerce Best Social Media Marketers in E-Commerce Best Search Marketers in E-Commerce Best Email Marketers in E-Commerce Mobile 500 Europe 500 Asia 500 China 500 Amazon Prime Day 2016 The World's 100 Most Innovative Web Sites E-Commerce In Canada Latin America 500 Guide to Website Design E-Commerce Technology See all Guides Shop all IR products Connect with IR Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Contact Us Submit a News Tip Submit a Press Release Feedback About Us Advertise Contact Us Free Subscriptions FAQs Privacy Policy Terms of Use Sitemap Mobile Version RSS Trending Terms Copyright © 2016 This content is the property of Vertical Web Media ABOUT TRUST ONLINE Internet Retailer “ Online retail is hard, grocery retail is really hard, so online grocery is, of course, really, really hard. ” — Wal-Mart global e-commerce chief Neil Ashe Continue to site Advertisement
null
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News Wal-Mart to buy Jet.com for $3.3 billion By Allen Cone   |   Aug. 8, 2016 at 11:07 AM Follow @upi Comments BENTONVILLE, Ark., Aug. 8 (UPI) -- Wal-Mart announced plans Monday to acquire Jet.com for $3.3 billion as the world's largest retailer seeks to strengthen its e-commerce operation against market leader Amazon. Wal-Mart, headquartered in Berntonville, Ark., will pay $3 billion in cash and $300 million in shares to be paid over an undisclosed time period, the retailer said in a statement. It's Wal-Mart's largest ever deal in the United States. Jet.com, based in Hoboken, N.J., surpassed $1 billion in gross merchandise sales since it started a year ago. It processes an average of 25,000 orders a day and is adding 400,000 shoppers monthly, according to a release. Wal-Mart's website had $13.6 billion in annual revenue, which was 3 percent of its $482 billion in total revenue, including at it 11,527 stores. Amazon's sales were $107 billion last year, including its Web-service business, according to CNBC. "We're looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that's what our customers want," Doug McMillon, Walmart's CEO, {link:said in a statement. WalMart has been trying to expand past its brick-and-mortar operation with new offices in Silicon Valley and e-commerce distribution centers. Like Amazon Prime, it debuted an annual subscription service that includes shipping. "Wal-Mart has definitely put its stake in the ground saying, 'We're going to be winning in e-commerce,'" said Joseph Feldman, an analyst at Telsey Advisory Group to Bloomberg. "Amazon should be concerned about what Wal-Mart is doing." Wal-Mart and Jet will maintain distinct brands, with Wal-Mart focusing on goods at low prices "every day" and Jet still providing a more "curated" assortment of products, the companies said. Also, "Walmart and Jet will leverage innovative technology solutions from both companies to develop new offerings to help customers save time and money," the release said. Jet founder Marc Lore, 45, will continue to play a key role at the company, according to the companies. "We started Jet with the vision of creating a new shopping experience," Lore said in a statement. "Today, I couldn't be more excited that we will be joining with Walmart to help fuel the realization of that vision. The combination of Walmart's retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint, and digital assets – together with the team, technology and business we have built here at Jet – will allow us to deliver more value to customers." Lore cofounded Quidsi, which runs the e-commerce sites Diapers.com, Soap.com, and Wag.com, but sold it to rival Amazon in 2010 for $550 million. He debuted Jet.com in 2015. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories South Africa's Steinhoff buys Mattress Firm Credit card thieves could still counterfeit despite chip technology, researchers say Amazon's Japan offices searched by regulators Comments Latest Headlines Bell-Boeing team receives $267M modification for MV-22 support 14 minutes ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- A Bell-Boeing team has received a $267 million contract modification from the U.S. Navy for additional logistics support for MV-22 Osprey tiltrotor aircraft. Airbus delivers 3 AS565 MBe Panthers to Indonesia 33 minutes ago MARIGNANE, France, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- The government of Indonesia has received its first 3 AS565 MBe Panther helicopters from Airbus during a ceremony at the company's headquarters in France. Kongsberg to upgrade Fridtjof Nasen-class frigates for Norway 1 hour ago OSLO, Norway, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- The Norwegian Defense Materiel Agency has awarded Kongsberg Defense with a $36 million contract to upgrade Fridtjof Nasen-class frigates. Elbit to supply mortar weapon systems for U.S. Army 2 hours ago HAIFA, Israel, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- Elbit Systems has received a $103 million contract to produce mortar weapon systems for the U.S. Army. Oil prices move lower on OPEC questions, Autumn Statement 3 hours ago NEW YORK, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- Crude oil prices apparently found the direction they were looking for Wednesday, moving lower amid uncertainty about the impact of OPEC maneuvering. Thanksgiving gas prices are the lowest in years 4 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- U.S. travelers leaving early on Wednesday to get a head start on the holiday will see some of the lowest gas prices in nearly a decade, the government said. Future USS Gabrielle Giffords completes acceptance trials 4 hours ago MOBILE, Ala., Nov. 23 (UPI) -- The future littoral combat ship USS Gabrielle Giffords completed the acceptance trials needed to enter service with the U.S. Navy. Mixed bag for frontier oil reserves offshore Liberia 5 hours ago CALGARY, Alberta, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- A division of Exxon Mobil announced Wednesday it started drilling its first well targeting reserves off the coast of Liberia. Lufthansa pilot strike cancels 876 flights 5 hours ago FRANKFURT, Germany, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- German airline Lufthansa canceled about 876 of its Wednesday flights after unionized pilots began a two-day walkout, the company said. Norway's oil and gas investments on the decline 5 hours ago OSLO, Norway, Nov. 23 (UPI) -- Investment plans for oil and gas developments offshore Norway are on the decline and should remain low even with new projects on tap, government data show. Trending Stories New missile system delivered to Turkish military U.S. Navy selects BAE Systems for Zumwalt destroyer work BAE building combat vehicles inspired by ironclad beetles U.S. Navy reaches milestone with F-35B weapons load testing Where Russia's Lukoil sees oil prices going UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado Best of the 2016 AMAs In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Wal-Mart buying online retailer newcomer Jet.com BloombergAugust 8, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share NEW YORK (AP) – Wal-Mart has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash a year ago when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart is paying $3 billion in cash and another $300 million in stock. The deal announced Monday marks a major move for Wal-Mart, which is realizing that it needs to compete more aggressively in the online world. Wal-Mart’s online business has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. Last month, Wal-Mart announced that was selling its Chinese online business Yihaodian.com to the China’s second-biggest e-commerce site J.D.com in a strategic partnership that it hopes will bolster its presence in the lucrative but increasingly competitive marketplace. Buying Jet.com would let Wal-Mart compete more effectively with Amazon.com and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com to make it on their own in a sphere dominated by Amazon.com with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The acquisition is expected to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said. The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups in an extremely competitive landscape. In January, Hudson’s Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchased flash-sales site Gilt Group. And in June, Bed, Bath & Beyond scooped up One Kings Lane. As part of the latest deal, the companies will maintain separate brands, with Walmart.com focusing on delivering the company’s everyday low price strategy. Jet.com will continue to provide a curated assortment of products. Jet.com has been grown fast, reaching $1 billion in gross merchandising value in its first year. The Jet.com deal will help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger. Jet.com has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says that it will also be incorporating some of Jet.com’s “smart” technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, it will provide big financial backing. “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO, in a statement. “It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Wal-Mart.” Marc Lore, co-founder and CEO of Jet.com, said in a statement that the combination of Wal-Mart’s retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with the team, technology and business it has built at Jet— will allow the company to deliver more value to customers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015 under Lore, set out to reinvent the shopping cart. It now sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers, coming from more than 2,400 retailers. The company, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. Wal-Mart, meanwhile, reported in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7 percent in the first quarter, weaker than the 8 percent in the previous quarter and far below the 20 percent increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon’s Prime program. But while Amazon’s Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. “From a competitive perspective, we believe the impact on Amazon will be fairly benign,” wrote Moody’s lead retail analysts Charlie O'Shea in a statement. “However, this acquisition in tandem with its joint-venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Wal-Mart is attacking online retail with significant zeal. As we believe ‘catching’ Amazon online is an unrealistic goal for any brick-and-mortar retailer, Wal-Mart now has a definite leg-up on its competitors in the very important race to be number 2 online.” O'Shea noted that Wal-Mart is “paying a lot” for Jet.com, but “no one knows whether they’ve paid too much or too little,” he said. In its latest fiscal year ended January, Wal-Mart generated online sales of $13.7 billion, a fraction of its total revenue of $482.1 billion. And its online figure pales in comparison to Amazon.com’s annual net revenue of $107 billion. Wal-Mart’s online business is ranked number three in terms of sales, behind Apple Inc. Lore has experience competing with Amazon before, as CEO of Quidsi, whose main site was diapers.com. Eventually, it bought him out for more than $500 million back in 2010. Jet.com has faced plenty of challenges, though. Three months, after Jet.com launched, it ditched its annual membership fee of $49.99, leading critics to question the business model. So Jet.com promised to undercut Amazon and other retailers by 4 percent to 5 percent instead of larger discounts. But Jet.com is not a discount site. It is built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping and adjusts prices based on what items are in the checkout cart, as well as how far the desired products are from the shopper’s home. So as shoppers put items in their cart, they’re encouraged to add more to build a more efficient cart and buy items labeled “smart cart” for more savings. Users can even further customize orders for more savings. For instance, if they waive the right to return an item — a huge cost for online retailers — prices drop even more. In May, Lore told The Associated Press that Jet.com had expected to reach overall profitability in 2020 and to hit $20 billion in general merchandise value with 15 million customers. Lore said the company wanted to make sure people know about it and was taking its profit from selling products and investing it in advertising. Jet.com was also testing the sale of fresh food like eggs. The Wall Street Journal reported that Lore will take on a senior leadership position on the e-commerce side on the company and Wal-Mart’s top online executive, Neil Ashe, is expected to depart, said a person familiar with the situation. Wal-Mart and Jet.com each declined to comment on that that report. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. slipped 37 cents to $73.39 in morning trading Monday. Its shares are up 3 percent over the past year. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next The best Black Friday TV deals from Walmart, Best Buy, Amazon, and more The Verge Amazon's Best Black Friday Doorbusters and Deals Kiplinger.com JCPenney is opening earlier than almost everyone else on Thanksgiving — and it's giving out $500 coupons Business Insider Amazon's $250 million bet on Jeremy Clarkson's new show is already starting to pay off Business Insider Here's every PS4 Black Friday deal there is CNET ‘Are y’all ready to die?’ Chattanooga bus driver reportedly asked children before crash Yahoo News Trump taps S.C. Gov. Nikki Haley to be ambassador to the U.N. Yahoo News Video Holocaust jacket found at tag sale leads to a life story Associated Press Protesting the Dakota Access pipeline Yahoo News Photo Staff 5 (Totally Legal) Tricks to Boost Your Credit Score Fast Realtor.com Chattanooga bus driver allegedly asked children, ‘Are y'all ready to die?’ Yahoo News Video Chrissy Teigen apologises in the best way for showing 'hooha' Yahoo Style UK Alicia Silverstone Poses Nude for PETA to Protest Wool Yahoo Style The Toll Kanye West’s Outbursts Have Taken on His Marriage to ‘Very Protective’ Kim Kardashian People Warplanes pound Aleppo – Dozens dead Yahoo News Photo Staff Johnson & Johnson stock goes into full breakdown The Street Trump backs away from pledge to 'cancel' Paris Climate Agreement Joe: Face it Trump fans, you're not getting anything he promised you. What you will get is lower wages, longer hours with no overtime, and more tax breaks for billionaires. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 27 Could political talk make you skip Thanksgiving? Yahoo News Video The angry white man next door: Hearing out a Trump voter Yahoo News GOP donor Betsy DeVos accepts education secretary post in Trump cabinet Yahoo News Trump TV quietly made its first broadcast Yahoo Finance Police fatally shoot Philando Castile in Falcon Heights, Minn. Yahoo News Photo Staff JPMorgan has made an important hire from Goldman Sachs, and it hints at the future of trading Business Insider Connecting to tradition through dance Yahoo News Video Milwaukee Bucks name 'Mike McCarthy' to front office, Packers fans have all the jokes Shutdown Corner Trump flip-flops 6 times in 1-hour NYT interview Yahoo News Hillary Clinton Urged To Demand Recount In 3 States IBTimes Syria’s children caught in the crossfire of civil war Yahoo News Photo Staff 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com Celebrating indigenous people Yahoo News Video ‘Dancing With the Stars’ Finale Recap: Golden Girl Yahoo TV Most expensive destroyer in Navy history breaks down Associated Press Baby’s White Streak in Hair Keeps Family’s 200-Year Heritage Alive Good Morning America Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
null
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff Holiday Charity The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff Holiday Charity The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 47 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 23, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News NOV 23, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 47 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Wal-Mart buying new online retailer Jet.com By ANNE D’INNOCENZIO The Associated Press First Published Aug 08 2016 08:48AM    •    Last Updated Aug 08 2016 01:25 pm FILE - In this Thursday, Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, reusable shopping bags are offered for sale at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market, in the Chinatown district of Los Angeles. Wal-Mart announced Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. (AP Photo/Nick Ut, File) FILE - In this Thursday, Sept. 19, 2013, file photo, reusable shopping bags are offered for sale at a Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market, in the Chinatown district of Los Angeles. Wal-Mart announced Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, that the company has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash in 2015 when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. The deal underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. (AP Photo/Nick Ut, File) Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (4) New York • Wal-Mart is buying fast-growing online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, scooping up a newcomer that launched a year ago with the intention of challenging online leader Amazon. The deal announced Monday shows Wal-Mart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively as it has seen its online business growth slow, even with big investments in distribution centers and expanding services. In June, it announced it was forming a partnership with JD.com in China to bolster its presence in that market. Analysts say Wal-Mart buying Jet.com still won't enable it to catch up to Amazon in sales, but it will help widen the gap between itself and other retailers online. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com to make it on their own in a sphere Amazon dominates with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. VIDEOS TOP JOBS The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups in an extremely competitive landscape. In January, Hudson's Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchased flash-sales site Gilt Group. And in June, Bed, Bath & Beyond bought One Kings Lane. "This acquisition in tandem with its joint-venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Wal-Mart is attacking online retail with significant zeal," said Moody's lead retail analyst Charlie O'Shea. "As we believe 'catching' Amazon online is an unrealistic goal for any brick-and-mortar retailer, Wal-Mart now has a definite leg up on its competitors in the very important race to be No. 2 online." As part of the deal, which Wal-Mart expects to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Jet.com will maintain separate brands. Walmart.com will stay focused on the company's low price strategy and Jet.com will still provide a curated assortment of products. The acquisition will help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger than its own shoppers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015, sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers and has been growing fast. It has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says it also will incorporate some of Jet.com's "smart" technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, the deal provides big financial backing. "We're looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that's what our customers want," said Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. "It's another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Wal-Mart." Marc Lore, co-founder and CEO of Jet.com, said in a statement the combination of Wal-Mart's retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with the team, technology and business of Jet.com will allow the company to deliver more value to customers. Jet.com, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. In May, Lore told The Associated Press that Jet.com had expected to reach overall profitability in 2020 and to hit $20 billion in general merchandise value with 15 million customers. Lore also has experience competing with Amazon, as CEO of Quidsi, whose main site was diapers.com. Eventually, it bought him out for more than $500 million in 2010. McMillon confirmed on a conference call Monday that Lore will head up walmart.com and jet.com, and that Wal-Mart's top online executive, Neil Ashe, is departing. In its fiscal year ended in January, Wal-Mart had online sales of $13.7 billion, a fraction of its total revenue of $482.1 billion. And its online figure pales in comparison to Amazon.com's annual net revenue of $107 billion. O'Shea noted that Apple.com is the only brick-and-mortar retailer that outranks Wal-Mart in online sales in the U.S. But Wal-Mart reported in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7 percent in the first quarter, weaker than the 8 percent in the previous quarter and far below the 20 percent increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon's Prime program. But while Amazon's Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. Jet.com has also faced plenty of challenges. Three months after it launched, it ditched its annual membership fee of $49.99, leading critics to question the business model. So Jet.com promised to undercut Amazon and other retailers by 4 percent to 5 percent instead of larger discounts. O'Shea noted Wal-Mart is "paying a lot" for Jet.com, but it was too soon to say if it overpaid. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. slipped 50 cents to $73.26 in midday trading Monday. Its shares are up 3 percent over the past year. ——— Follow Anne D'Innocenzio on Twitter at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY 4 photos VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Salt Lake City police cancel Amber Alert for 3-year-old girl who is found safe in Hawaii BYU football: RB coach Reno Mahe's daughter clings to life after hanging accident Ed Kimball, who wrote warts-and-all biographies of his father, Mormon leader Spencer Kimball, dies | Utah lawmaker accuses charter school of skirting procurement law BYU basketball: Title belt at stake as Cougs get rematch with Valparaiso ELEVATE During National Alzheimer’s Disease Awareness Month the Focus is Keeping Caregivers Healthy   Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service Walmart Agrees to Acquire Jet.com, One of the Fastest Growing e-Commerce Companies in the U.S. Deal Positions Walmart for Expanded e-Commerce Growth and Customer Reach BENTONVILLE, Ark. and HOBOKEN, N.J. – WEBWIRE – Monday, August 8, 2016 Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and Jet.com, Inc. today announced they have entered into a definitive agreement for Walmart to acquire Jet for approximately $3 billion in cash, a portion of which will be paid over time. Additionally, $300 million of Walmart shares will be paid over time as part of the transaction. The acquisition will build on and complement the significant foundation already in place to serve customers across the Walmart app, site and stores and position the company for even faster e-commerce growth in the future by expanding customer reach and adding new capabilities. The acquisition, which is subject to regulatory approval, has been approved by the Boards of Directors for both companies and is expected to close this calendar year. Were looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because thats what our customers want, said Doug McMillon, president and CEO, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities. Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience were pursuing will happen quicker, and well enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time. Our customers will win. Its another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart. Jet is among the fastest growing and most innovative e-commerce companies in the U.S., with an experienced leadership team led by co-founder and CEO Marc Lore, together with fellow co-founders Mike Hanrahan and Nate Faust. Among other things, Lore previously co-founded and led Quidsi, the parent company of e-commerce sites Diapers.com, Soap.com and Wag.com. With the help of Faust and Hanrahan, Lore grew Quidsi into a prominent and successful business that was ultimately sold. The acquisition of Jet will infuse Walmart with fresh ideas and expertise, as well as an attractive brand with proven appeal, especially with Millennials, the first generation of true digital natives. Among other things, Jet has: Demonstrated ability to scale with speed, reaching $1 billion in run-rate Gross Merchandise Value (GMV) and offering 12 million SKUs in its first year. A growing customer base of urban and millennial customers with more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Best-in-class technology that rewards customers in real time with savings on items that are bought and shipped together, thereby reducing the supply-chain and logistics costs often buried in the price of goods. A select group of more than 2,400 retailer and brand partners tailored to create an attractive and distinctive assortment for consumers. We started Jet with the vision of creating a new shopping experience, Lore said. Today, I couldnt be more excited that we will be joining with Walmart to help fuel the realization of that vision. The combination of Walmarts retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint, and digital assets  together with the team, technology and business we have built here at Jet  will allow us to deliver more value to customers. Walmart and Jet will maintain distinct brands, with Walmart.com focusing on delivering the companys Everyday Low Price strategy, while Jet will continue to provide a unique and differentiated customer experience with curated assortment. Walmart and Jet will leverage innovative technology solutions from both companies to develop new offerings to help customers save time and money. Walmart believes it will obtain the necessary regulatory approvals to complete the transaction and both companies intend to make all necessary filings in the near future. As a reminder, Walmart will release its second quarter earnings on Thursday, Aug. 18, 2016. Financial advisors to Walmart on this transaction were Allen & Company and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better  anytime and anywhere  in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, nearly 260 million customers and members visit our 11,527 stores under 63 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2016 revenue of $482 billion, Walmart employs more than 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://www.facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://www.twitter.com/walmart. Online merchandise sales are available at http://www.walmart.com and http://www.samsclub.com. # # # Investor Relations contact Steve Schmitt (479) 258-7172 Media Relations contact Randy Hargrove (800) 331-0085 Forward Looking Statements The statements in this press release regarding the impact of this acquisition and the anticipated closing date are believed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended (the Act), that are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the Act. These forward-looking statements are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and other factors. ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/204595/204595-1.png ) Related Links Source WebWireID204595 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Big Box Retail / Supermarkets Electronic / Internet Commerce Internet Technology Multimedia / Online / Internet Retail Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2016 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Walmart Confirms $3 Billion Acquisition Of Jet.com By Adnan Farooqui on 08/08/2016 07:45 PST It was reported last week that retail giant Walmart was considering an acquisition of would-be Amazon rival Jet.com for about $3 billion. Walmart has been very active recently trying to better compete against Amazon online and it appears that the retail giant believes the acquisition of Jet.com is going to help in achieving that aim. It has confirmed today that it’s acquiring Jet.com for $3 billion in cash aside from up to $300 million in shares for the company’s founders and other members. Walmart recently launched its Amazon Prime rival as well which offers free shipping on eligible items for a lower annual fee than what Amazon charges, granted that Amazon also provides Prime members with additional services like video and music streaming alongside free two-day shipping on eligible items. Walmart is not going to be immediately merging Jet.com into its existing offering. The retailer confirmed today that even though it’s acquiring the company, Jet.com is going to function as a separate brand. They expect the deal to close by the end of this year following due regulatory approvals. “The combination of Walmart’s retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint, and digital assets – together with the team, technology and business we have built here at Jet – will allow us to deliver more value to customers,” said Jet.com CEO Marc Lore. Filed in General. Read more about Amazon and walmart. Related Articles 2016-09-25 Xiaomi Mi Box Price Revealed By Walmart 2016-08-03 Walmart Reportedly Looking To Acquire Amazon Rival Jet.com 2016-07-12 Best Buy Offers Deals To Compete With Amazon Prime Day 2016-07-11 Walmart Counters Amazon Prime Day With Free Shipping And Discounts 2016-06-29 Walmart's Amazon Prime Rival Launched With 30-Day Free Trial 2015-11-01 Wal-Mart's New App Will Speed Up Store Pick-Ups iOS Flaw Lets Anyone Access Your Photos Without A Passcode Stephen Hawking Thinks Humanity Has About 1,000 Years Left Coca-Cola's Selfie Bottle Snaps A Pic Whenever You Take A Sip Amazon’s iPhone App Lets To See What’s In Your Boxes Domino’s In New Zealand Begin Testing Pizza Delivery By Drones This $5 Device Can Hack A Password-Protected Computer In Seconds User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Shopping Jobs Driving Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Global stocks gain on China stimulus hopes; oil up further     By Youkyung Lee, The Associated Press August 9, 2016     Story Photos ( 2 )     FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks drifted lower in early trading Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, as investors sized up the latest company earnings and deal news. The major stock indexes were coming off new highs set a week earlier following a strong U.S. jobs report. Energy stocks surged the most as oil prices rose, while health care companies were the biggest laggard. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) SEOUL, South Korea - Global stock markets rose Tuesday as slack Chinese consumer price figures stoked expectations of more stimulus policies. Oil prices rose further after reports of a new OPEC meeting. KEEPING SCORE: Britain's FTSE 100 added 0.4 per cent to 6,832 and France's CAC 40 gained 0.6 per cent to 4,443. Germany's DAX rose 0.8 per cent to 10,516. Futures showed that U.S. stocks were set for some gains, with Dow and S&P futures up 0.1 per cent. CHINA DATA: China's consumer price index rose 1.8 per cent last month over a year earlier, slower than June's 1.9 per cent. The July figure is the third monthly drop in a row since April, when the consumer price index reached its highest level since July 2014. It also was below the government's 3 per cent inflation target. The news came a day after China reported exports fell in July, and increased investors' expectations of more stimulus measures from Beijing to soften the economy's slowdown. OPEC MEETS: Oil was also in focus after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries announced that oil ministers of the 14-nation organization will meet next month, well ahead of their previously scheduled November meeting. It is unusual for OPEC to gather outside of their regularly set meetings and Monday's report pushed up the price of crude oil overnight. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 19 cents to $43.21 per barrel in New York, adding to the $1.22 gains made on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose 11 cents to $45.50 per barrel in London. ANALYST'S TAKE: "News that OPEC would be having a September meeting with certain members keen to push for supply cuts again served as the impetus for oil prices to rally. While a deal is highly unlikely to eventuate, the fact that it is even being mentioned shows how much difficulty the past month's renewed sell-off was causing many struggling OPEC members," Angus Nicholson, a market analyst at IG in Melbourne, Australia, said in a daily commentary. ASIA'S DAY: Earlier, Japan's Nikkei 225 finished 0.7 per cent higher at 16,764.97 and South Korea's Kospi climbed 0.6 per cent to 2,043.78. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 0.1 per cent to 22,465.61 while China's Shanghai Composite Index gained 0.7 per cent to 3,025.68. Stocks in Australia, Taiwan and the Philippines were higher. CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 102.19 yen from 102.36 yen while the euro was flat at $1.1086. The British pound fell to $1.2974 from $1.3040 after some relatively weak U.K. trade figures.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *   Previous Next     FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks drifted lower in early trading Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, as investors sized up the latest company earnings and deal news. The major stock indexes were coming off new highs set a week earlier following a strong U.S. jobs report. Energy stocks surged the most as oil prices rose, while health care companies were the biggest laggard. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The Canadian Press         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   PetSmart® Launches Holiday Philanthropic Collection That Gives Back to Pets and Children in Need Through December 25, and Even More on #GivingTuesday TRUSTECH 2016, The Most Innovative Companies of the Trust-Based Technology Industry Meet in Cannes Fort McMurray Nonprofits Accelerate Wildfire Recovery Efforts with Creative Help from Guelph Academic and Business Community           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts My Account Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited.
null
Associated Press BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 US stock indexes drift lower in early trading; oil up Youkyung Lee, Associated Press Aug. 8, 2016, 11:28 PM 5 facebook linkedin twitter email print FILE - This Monday, Aug. 24, 2015, file photo shows the New York Stock Exchange. U.S. stocks drifted lower in early trading Monday, Aug. 8, 2016, as investors sized up the latest company earnings and deal news. The major stock indexes were coming off new highs set a week earlier following a strong U.S. jobs report. Energy stocks surged the most as oil prices rose, while health care companies were the biggest laggard. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) syndication.ap.org SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian stock markets were little changed Tuesday after Wall Street closed nearly flat amid little market-moving news. Prices of oil retreated slightly after reports of a new OPEC meeting sparked a rally. KEEPING SCORE: Japan's Nikkei 225 added 0.1 percent to 16,669.12 and South Korea's Kospi edged up 0.2 percent to 2,035.97. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index fell 0.3 percent to 22,416.01 while China's Shanghai Composite Index stayed flat at 3,004.48. Stocks in Australia, Indonesia and Taiwan remained nearly unchanged. CHINA DATA: China's consumer price index gained 1.8 percent last month over a year earlier, slower than June's 1.9 percent, Xinhua said citing the National Bureau of Statistics. The July figure is the third monthly drop in a row since April when the consumer price index reached its highest level since July 2014. The news came a day after China reported another fall in exports for the month of July as weak global demand hampered efforts to shore up Chinese trade. OPEC MEETS: Amid little market-moving news, oil was in focus after the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries announced Monday that oil ministers of the 14-nation organization will meet next month, well ahead of their previously scheduled November meeting. It is unusual for the OPEC to come together outside of their regularly set gatherings and the report pushed up the price of crude oil overnight. ANALYST'S TAKE: "News that OPEC would be having a September meeting with certain members keen to push for supply cuts again served as the impetus for oil prices to rally. While a deal is highly unlikely to eventuate, the fact that it is even being mentioned shows how much difficulty the past month's renewed sell-off was causing many struggling OPEC members," Angus Nicholson, a market analyst at IG in Melbourne, Australia, said in a daily commentary. WALL STREET: U.S. stock markets finished nearly unchanged on Monday, hovering just below the record highs they set late last week. The Dow Jones industrial average slipped 14.24 points, or 0.1 percent, to 18,529.29. The S&P 500 index dipped 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,180.89. The Nasdaq shed 7.98 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,213.14. OIL: Benchmark U.S. crude fell 22 cents at $42.80 per barrel in New York. The contract rose $1.22, or 2.9 percent, to close at $43.02 per barrel on Monday. Brent crude, used to price international oils, lost 28 cents at $45.11 per barrel in London. CURRENCIES: The dollar weakened to 102.33 yen from 102.36 yen while the euro fell to $1.108 from $1.109. More from Associated Press: Rescuers search collapsed buildings in Italy after another powerful earthquake hits region near Perugia Texas Longhorns jump all the way up to No. 11 in latest AP poll after beating Notre Dame A college professor has promised to consume only water and sports drinks after the university's president overrode a nearly unanimous decision to grant him tenure Craig Sager is hoping to return to NBA sidelines by November after receiving a rare third bone-marrow transplant David Ortiz honored with a corn maze cut in his likeness More: Associated Press facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru US stock indexes drift lower in early trading; oil up US stock indexes drift lower in early trading; oil up SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian stock markets were little changed Tuesday after Wall Street closed nearly flat amid little market-moving news. Prices of oil retreated slightly after reports of a new OPEC meeting sparked a rally. Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Associated Press Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball legend David Robinson on his upbringing: "Think about all the things your grandfather did with $100." Check out the letter from Robinson to his 18-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
TechnoBuffalo Site Navigation Content All News Reviews Videos Galleries Products Giveaways Sections Menu Left Mobile Tablets Gaming Apps Accessories Computers Gadgets Internet Menu Right Business Cameras Cars Design Home & TV Lifestyle Software Science Series Ask The Buffalo Buffalo Gear Guess the Phone Rettinger’s Riffs Rumor Roundup The TechnoBuffalo Show TechnoBuffalo Plays More The Crew About Us News Tips In the News Work at TechnoBuffalo Advertise With Us Facebook Google+ Instagram Pinterest RSS Tumblr Twitter YouTube Scrolling Enable Endless Scrolling Disable Endless Scrolling Share Tweet +1 Submit Front Page /Business Business Walmart to acquire Jet.com in continued fight against Amazon By Todd Haselton | August 8, 2016 Share Stay Connected with Us! Follow TechnoBuffalo It’s no secret Walmart is envious of Amazon’s e-commerce empire, and, in an attempt to gain some traction, the company announced Monday morning that it will acquire Jet.com for $3 billion in cash and $300 million in stock. Jet.com is an online retailer that offers an Amazon-like presence of goods ranging from furniture to household items and electronics. Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said that it hopes the acquisition will help Walmart drop prices and grow its online presence quicker. “Our customers will win,” MCMillon said, seeming to poke at Amazon. ” It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart.” Walmart said Jet.com has more than 2,400 retailer and brand partners and currently adds more than 400,000 new shoppers each month. It processes 25,000 orders a month, too, almost certainly a fraction of what Amazon currently fulfills. Walmart will let Jet.com operate under its own brand, with Walmart.com “focusing on delivering the company’s, Everyday Low Price strategy.” It would make sense to create some form of one-stop portal for shopping, which is part of the appeal of Amazon’s offering, so perhaps that will come down the line. Walmart hopes to complete the deal “in the near future” after it receives a nod of approval from the government. Source Walmart Topics #Jet.com #Walmartr Todd Haselton Todd Haselton has been writing professionally since 2006 during his undergraduate days at Lehigh University. He started out as an intern with MaximumPC Magazine and has since written for Ars… Read More Our Crew | About Us | Contact Us © 2016 TechnoBuffalo LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use
null
null
Skip to search. New user? Register Sign in Help Make Yahoo7 My Homepage Mail My Yahoo7 Yahoo7 Yahoo Finance Search Search web HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING Market Stats Currencies Online Trading Education MY PORTFOLIOS Sign in to access your portfolios PERSONAL FINANCE Money Manager Videos Experts Tips & Tools Real Estate Investing Fame & Fortune Forums Photos VIDEO Expert Opinion Australian Dollar Top Stories Stock Market Columnists Currencies Companies Video Search for share prices Tip : Use comma (,) to separate multiple quotes. Learn more... Finance Search Thu, Nov 24, 2016, 6:06 AM AEDT - Australia Markets open in 3 hrs 54 mins Global equities rise on US jobs, oilAFP – Mon, Aug 8, 2016 2:15 PM AEST Recommend 0 Tweet 0 Share0 Print Related Content View Photo Eurozone stock markets jumped around 1.0 percent but London's benchmark FTSE 100 index was up a more modest 0.4 percent Most equity markets rose worldwide Monday as bright US jobs data generally eclipsed the impact of poor Chinese trade numbers and the oil price climbed, dealers said. Frankfurt and Paris both advanced, while London was little changed after losing initial gains. Wall Street stocks opened slightly higher, adding to records as oil prices rose and Wal-Mart shares edged up on news of its acquisition of online retailer Jet.com. Oil prices advanced as the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries said it would hold informal talks next month, potentially signaling tougher action in response to weak oil prices. Wal-Mart stock gained 0.2 percent after announcing a $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com, part of its efforts to counter Amazon in the booming e-commerce market. Trading volumes were mostly thin, however, with analysts at Aurel BGC in Paris expecting "one of the calmest weeks of the year" with fewer corporate results and economic data, and no central bank meetings scheduled. Airbus Group shares fell one percent to 50.48 euros in Paris after Britain's Serious Fraud Office revealed on Sunday it had opened a criminal probe into the aircraft manufacturer,investigating allegations of fraud, bribery and corruption. Airbus said it was aware of the probe and the aviation firm was working with investigators. - 'Comfortable with tightening' - Elsewhere, Tokyo led Asia stocks higher Monday, tracking a strong lead from Wall Street where markets surged in the wake of strong US jobs data. Washington reported Friday a big gain in jobs in July and upgraded employment estimates for the prior two months, boosting the odds of a US Federal Reserve interest rate hike this year, dealers said. "Equity investors appeared comfortable with the idea of a tightening in the United States? monetary conditions," said analyst Ipek Ozkardeskaya at trading firm London Capital Group. "Whether or not the Fed could hike rates this year is still dependent on the data." The US Labor Department said the world's biggest economy added 255,000 jobs in July, easily topping analyst forecasts for an increase of 185,000. "Very often the US nonfarm payrolls report can dictate the tone of market trading for much of the month, and with the summer holiday season now fully upon us that may well be the case again over the coming weeks," said Derek Halpenny, European head of markets research at Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ. The broad-based S&P 500 and the tech-rich Nasdaq ended at all-time highs on Friday. Asia stocks followed suit on Monday, with Tokyo rising 2.4 percent and Hong Kong jumping 1.5 percent. - Shanghai shrugs off data - China was also up despite figures from Customs showing that imports and exports both slumped in July in dollar terms -- the latest poor figures from the world's second-largest economy. Shanghai gained 0.9 percent, even after figures showing that the economy struggled in July with a worse-than-expected trade performance. Measured in US dollars, China's imports fell 12.5 percent year-on-year to $132.4 billion as weaker global commodity prices and lacklustre domestic demand weighed on the value of purchases. The drop was significantly larger than the 7.0 percent median forecast in a survey of economists by Bloomberg News. Exports also fell in US dollar terms, dropping 4.4 percent to $184.7 billion -- compared to expectations of a 3.5 percent decline. As the world's biggest trader in goods, China is crucial to the global economy and its performance affects partners from Australia to Zambia, which have been battered by its slowing growth -- while it faces headwinds itself in key developed markets. - Key figures at around 1345 GMT - London - FTSE 100: FLAT at 6,794.62 points Frankfurt - DAX 30: UP 0.7 percent at 10,435.50 Paris - CAC 40: UP 0.2 percent at 4,417.75 EURO STOXX 50: UP 0.3 percent at 2,983.87 New York - DOW: UP 0.1 percent at 18,554.00 Tokyo - Nikkei 225: UP 2.4 percent at 16,650.57 (close) Shanghai - Composite: UP 0.9 percent at 3,004.277 (close) Hong Kong - Hang Seng: UP 1.5 percent at 22,479.60 (close) Euro/dollar: DOWN at $1.1082 from $1.1087 on Friday Pound/dollar: DOWN at $1.3046 from $1.3072 Dollar/yen: UP at 102.58 yen from 101.79 yen @y7finance on Twitter, become a fan on Facebook Top Stories » Mexico maintains growth forecasts despite TrumpAFP Mexico's finance ministry on Wednesday maintained its growth forecasts for 2016 and 2017 despite volatility in … Brexit to spark UK slowdown, blow hole in public purseAFP Lufthansa scraps 900 flights Thursday as pilots extend strikeAFP Webjet signs with Chinese travel partnerAAP Sponsored  Market Data Currencies Currencies Name Price Change % Chg AUD / USD 0.7384 -0.0017 -0.23% AUD/USD AUD / GBP 0.5930 -0.0026 -0.44% AUD/GBP AUD / EUR 0.7003 +0.0038 +0.55% AUD/EUR Go To Currency Converter » On This Site HOME NEWS & OPINION TAX TIME 2016 INVESTING MY PORTFOLIOS PERSONAL FINANCE VIDEO Expert Opinion ALSO ON YAHOO7 Mail Stocks & Shares Forum Meet Single Women Meet Single Men TV Guide Easy Recipe Ideas Go Travelling Tips To Great Sex Breaking News Find Your Dream Car Weather Forecast Find A Job All Yahoo7 Services » Trending Now Pope Francis Personal loan Aussie dollar Australia energy Kanye West Interflora Donald Trump Pet insurance Aussie weather Interest rate Australia Help / Suggestions Privacy Terms Quotes are real-time for NASDAQ, NYSE, and NYSEAmex when available. See also delay times for other exchanges. Quotes and other information supplied by independent providers identified on the Yahoo! Finance partner page. Quotes are updated automatically, but will be turned off after 25 minutes of inactivity. Quotes are delayed at least 15 minutes. All information provided "as is" for informational purposes only, not intended for trading purposes or advice. Neither Yahoo! nor any of independent providers is liable for any informational errors, incompleteness, or delays, or for any actions taken in reliance on information contained herein. By accessing the Yahoo! site, you agree not to redistribute the information found therein. Fundamental company data provided by Capital IQ. Historical chart data and daily updates provided by Commodity Systems, Inc. (CSI). International historical chart data and daily updates provided by Morningstar, Inc. Yahoo7 News Network
    Search  Horoscope India Politics Crime All India World South Asia Asia Middle East Africa Europe Americas Oceania Metros Delhi Kolkata Mumbai In Other Cities Business Economy Market Companies Autos In Other News Opinion Edit Oped Columnists Interview of the Week Reporter's Diary The Age Debate Here and Now Sports Cricket Tennis Football In Other sports Technology Mobiles & Tabs Gadgets In Other news Reviews Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Movie Reviews TV Music In Other News Photos Life Health Fashion Food Travel Art Relationship More Features Newsmakers Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks   Menu e-Paper | Age on Sunday  Auto Refresh  Search   Horoscope Thursday, Nov 24, 2016 | Last Update : 12:36 AM IST Home India World Metros Business Opinion Sports Technology Entertainment Photos Life Newsmakers More   Books Science Horoscope Delhi Age Mumbai Age Age on Sunday Editors' Picks Business WalMart buying online retailer newcomer Jet.com AP Published  Aug 8, 2016, 6:44 pm IST Updated  Aug 8, 2016, 6:44 pm IST Buying Jet.com would let WalMart compete more effectively with Amazon.com and other online retailers.  walmart.jpg Buying Jet.com would let WalMart compete more effectively with Amazon.com and other online retailers. New York: WalMart has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash a year ago when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. WalMart is paying $3 billion in cash and another $300 million in stock. The deal announced Monday underscores how serious WalMart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. Buying Jet.com would let WalMart compete more effectively with Amazon.com and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com to make it on their own in a sphere dominated by Amazon.com with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The deal follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups in an extremely competitive landscape. MOST POPULAR 1 Demonetisation receives mass support on Modi App 2 Will create 20,000 jobs in Nepal with Ayurveda: Baba Ramdev 3 Watch: Martin Scorsese's ambitious Silence has a disturbingly riveting trailer 4 Apple mirror: A giant iPhone cum mirror 5 Watch: Ex-India cricketers pass verdict on Sonam Gupta more Columns Wasbir Hussain Assam: The vortex of natives vs aliens Unspecified number of Hindus from Bangladesh gaining citizenship. Sunanda K Datta Ray Hypocrisy in India: Where are the rich? Modi doesn’t know how the poor are grappling with this crisis. S Nihal Singh In Trump’s raj, will son-in-law also rise? In American terms, President Trump’s era will be a new ballgame. Anita Katyal Demonetisation dust refuses to settle Mr Kejriwal’s role in the ongoing battle against the Modi government. more Editors' Picks Watch: Martin Scorsese's ambitious Silence has a disturbingly riveting trailer Apple mirror: A giant iPhone cum mirror ZenBook 3 review: For those who envy a MacBook, but want Windows Virat Kohli goes gaga over Jayant Yadav Ind vs Eng, 2nd Test: Cook rues England’s batting show more Home Deccan Chronicle Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016 The Asian Age. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter quartz index about us register log in log out Events Atlas quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu PAYDAY Jet.com’s $3.3 billion sale to Walmart is a big, well-timed win for its investors Written by Alison Griswold August 08, 2016 Now part of Walmart. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig) Share Written by Alison Griswold August 08, 2016 Walmart said this morning that it is buying Jet.com, an e-commerce startup, for $3.3 billion in cash and stock. Walmart and Jet will remain separate brands, the companies said in a release. The deal is subject to regulatory approval and expected to close this year. By acquiring Jet, Walmart is hoping to jumpstart its flagging online shopping operations and stem losses to Amazon. Jet is a savvy tech startup that launched last July with dreams of taking on Amazon and quickly surpassed a $1 billion valuation. Its CEO, Marc Lore, is a well-known e-commerce veteran who made his name selling Quidsi, the parent company of Diapers.com and other niche retailing sites, to Amazon in 2011 for $545 million. Lore will reportedly take a senior leadership role on Walmart’s e-commerce team as part of the deal. Jet is on track to handle $1 billion in total sales this year and says it adds 400,000 new shoppers each month. Growth in Walmart’s global e-commerce sales has declined steadily over the last two years. “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. “We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities … It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart.” The deal marks the largest-ever acquisition of an e-commerce startup, according to a note sent Monday by venture-capital research firm CB Insights. Lore is now also behind two of the biggest e-commerce acquisitions since 2009, per data from CB Insights. Walmart’s purchase of Jet just over a year after its launch is likely something of a comedown for Lore, who wanted five years to scale the business into an e-commerce mainstay. But it’s a clear win for Jet’s investors. Jet’s prospects have looked iffy ever since it scrapped a membership model last fall and bet everything on attracting customers with the lowest prices. It spent between $20 million and $25 million a month on advertising and got plenty of people to try the site, but had a tougher time retaining them. Recode reported over the weekend that some of Jet’s investors “thought the chances of a successful outcome were slim to near-impossible.” Now they get a big payday. Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today.com Sun logo Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health Mach Tech Science Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Brexit Referendum ISIS Terror TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR College Game Plan Data Points Making a Difference Long Story Short 101 Show Me Flashback 30 Seconds to Know Debunker Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com Breakingnews.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Business News Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business Aug 8 2016, 9:17 am ET It's Official: Wal-Mart to Buy Jet.com in $3 Billion Deal by Christina Cheddar Berk, CNBC Share Share Tweet Share Email Print Comment advertisement In a bid to juice its online business, Wal-Mart agreed Monday to acquire online retailer Jet.com in a deal valued at about $3 billion, one of the largest-ever acquisitions of an e-commerce company. The world's largest retailer said a portion of the $3 billion will be paid over time. Additionally, $300 million of Wal-Mart shares will be paid over time as part of the deal, the company said. Residents shop at a Wal-Mart in Los Angeles, California. JONATHAN ALCORN / Reuters "We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across [our] priorities," said Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Wal-Mart Stores. "Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we're pursuing will happen quicker, and we'll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time. Our customers will win. It's another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart." Wal-Mart and Jet plan to maintain distinct brands, with Wal-Mart's website continuing to focus on emphasizing the company's "everyday low price" strategy, while Jet.com provides a curated experience. Although Jet has been operating its site for only a little more than a year, it has already reached $1 billion in run-rate gross merchandise value. Read More From CNBC: One Chart That Shows Why Wal-Mart Bought Jet.com Christina Cheddar Berk, CNBC Topics Business News First Published Aug 8 2016, 9:17 am ET Next Story Promising Alzheimer's Drug Doesn't Help Dementia Patients advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2016 NBCnews.com
Login/Register Contact Us Advertise NJBIZ News NJBIZ Daily News By Industry Banking, Finance & Accounting Education Energy & Utilities Food & Beverage Government Health Care & Pharma Law Manufacturing Real Estate Retail Sports & Entertainment Technology Transportation This Week's Issue This Week's Issue Executive Moves Opinion Spotlight Off the Clock Digital Edition Blogs All Blogs Breaking Glass Diversified Garden State Grub Industry Insights Millennial Minded Suitable For Work Regional News North Jersey Central Jersey South Jersey Grapevine Millennials Morning Roundup Women in Business Events Business Events All NJBIZ Events Best Places to Work in NJ Best 50 Women in Business Business of the Year Awards CFO of the Year 50 Fastest Growing Companies FoodBizNJ Forty Under 40 General Counsel Awards Healthcare Heroes NJ Chamber Innovation Gala NJ Manufacturing Day Public Private Partnership Awards Community Events Post an Event Sign up for NJBIZ Awards & Events Newsletter Sign up for Awards & Events Notifications Special Editions Lists Lists and Directories NJBIZ Top 250 2016 Book of Lists Data Subscription Photos Guest List Off the Clock Slideshows Opinion Power Lists 2016 Power 100 2015 Power 100 2014 Power 100 Power 50 Power 50 Health Care Power 50 Real Estate Executive Spotlights All Executive Spotlights Submit an Executive Close Up Submit an Executive Spotlight FAQ: Executive Spotlights & Executive Close Ups Subscribe Print, Digital & Data Subscriptions 8 Weeks Free Trial Subscription Daily & Other Newsletters Subscription Services FAQs Log In Retail Walmart buying Hoboken-based e-commerce firm Jet.com for more than $3B By Meg Fry, August 8, 2016 at 10:01 AM Wal-Mart Stores is buying Jet.com, based in Hoboken. - (JET.COM) Nearly $3 billion in cash to grow one's brand? Jet.com will take it. Wal-Mart Stores has agreed to acquire the Hoboken-based online retailer — which charges bulk-size prices for individual-size purchases — in order to expand the e-commerce growth and customer reach of its Walmart brand, Doug McMillion, CEO and president of Wal-Mart Stores, said in a statement. “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” McMillion said. “We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities. “Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker and we’ll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time. Our customers will win. It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart.” Jet.com, one of the fastest growing e-commerce companies in the U.S., utilizes innovative technology to reward customers in real time with savings on items derived from reduced supply-chain and logistics costs when they purchase and ship items from over 2,400 retailer and brand partners together. Led by CEO Marc Lore and fellow co-founders Mike Hanrahan and Nate Faust — who previously worked together to co-found and lead Quidsi, the parent company of e-commerce sites Diapers.com, Soap.com and Wag.com — Jet.com adds more than 400,000 new shoppers every month and processes an average of 25,000 orders a day. More about Jet.com Jet.com leasing 705K sq.ft. in South Jersey Jet.com doubling footprint at Hoboken office tower COOLEST OFFICES: Jet.com “We started Jet with the vision of creating a new shopping experience,” Lore said in a statement for Walmart. “Today, I couldn’t be more excited that we will be joining with Walmart to help fuel the realization of that vision. The combination of Walmart’s retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets — together with the team, technology and business we have built here at Jet — will allow us to deliver more value to customers.” Walmart and Jet will maintain distinct brands while leveraging technology solutions from both companies to develop new offerings, such as additional capabilities on the Walmart app, site and in stores. A portion of the $3 billion cash payment will be paid over time, in addition to $300 million in Walmart shares. The approved acquisition is expected to close at the end of this year. More From This Industry • C-Town Supermarket opens in Newark • Drink it up: A Keurig for cocktails? Clinton's Walker feels BIBO Barmaid offers easy way to make mixed drinks at home Share This Story On: Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn   Meg Fry Follow @MegFry3 Meg Fry writes about women in business, millennials, food and beverage, manufacturing and retail. Meg joined NJBIZ with past production experience in the arts, film and television and continues to write and perform in theaters around the state. You may contact her at megf@njbiz.com. Leave a Comment Your Name: Validation: Comment: Please note: All comments will be reviewed and may take up to 24 hours to appear on the site. Post Comment View Comment Policy Comments Also on NJBIZ.com Garden State Grub: Delivering turkeys to the needy, and learning about running a nonprofit at the same time Industry Insights: How to cure employee post-election stress syndrome Real Estate Power 75: Changing times Advanced search Most Popular Most Commented 1 Real Estate Power 75: Changing times 2 Christie reverses course on ending Pa. reciprocal tax agreement 3 Power 75 (No. 10-1) 4 Power 75 (No. 75-51) 5 Power 75 (No. 25-11) 1 Gubernatorial candidate Murphy blasts Christie at event (1) 2 Groundbreaking gives backers chance to tout perseverance behind One Theater Square project (1) 3 Murphy's pool party takes center stage during first night of Atlantic City conference (1) Featured News Study: Out-of-network bill could be devastating for state's acute care hospitals Christie reverses course on ending Pa. reciprocal tax agreement NJBIZ reveals Real Estate Power 75: Changing times Coscia named chairman of Sun National Bank, holding company Three N.J. hospitals have infection issues, study finds Levin says 2016 has been strong year for leasing NJBIZ.com Latest News NJBIZ in Print Subscribe to Print Subscribe to Email Newsletters Special Editions Lists Events Blogs Advertising With NJBIZ Media Kit Advertise in Print Advertise Online Event Sponsorships Production Info Customer Service Contact NJBIZ Help & FAQ About NJBIZ NJBIZ Staff Directions Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Resources Archive Search Business Lists Services Employee Engagement Surveys Web Design and Development Video Production © 2016 BridgeTower Media. All information on this site is copyrighted by BridgeTower Media. All images are the sole property of BridgeTower Media and no rights are granted for any use without the express written consent of BridgeTower Media.
null
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 311 262 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Why Walmart is spending $3B for online seller Jet.com Walmart, Jet will remain separate brands Post to Facebook Why Walmart is spending $3B for online seller Jet.com Walmart, Jet will remain separate brands  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2b89yqT {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 20 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Why Walmart is spending $3B for online seller Jet.com Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 6:46 p.m. EDT August 8, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Walmart will acquire e-commerce start-up Jet.com in a $3 billion cash deal expected to help the world's largest retailer become a powerhouse online shopping destination. Sara Snyder, USA TODAY Walmart's $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com is expected to help the retailer grow its e-commerce business at a faster rate and reach more Millennial customers. (Photo: Danny Johnston, AP) Walmart will acquire e-commerce start-up Jet.com in a $3 billion cash deal aimed at helping the world's largest retailer become an online shopping powerhouse that can take on Amazon.com. The deal announced Monday marks the latest move by Walmart, known for breakthroughs in efficiency that have given it a pricing edge across its vast store network, to try to bring the same spirit of innovation to its Web operations. Online sales are still just a fraction of Walmart's overall business, coming in at $13.6 billion last year out of $482 billion in total revenue. Amazon hit more than $100 billion in sales in 2015. Walmart is the second-most trafficked retail website in the U.S. behind Amazon. Walmart will keep Jet as a separate brand but plans to tap into Jet's bulk ordering strategy to grow its e-commerce business at a faster rate and reach more Millennial customers. Jet also appeals to a more affluent shopper than Walmart, with customers more likely to have annual incomes greater than $150,000, according to data from NPD Group. "Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker, and we’ll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. The deal comes a little more than a year after Jet CEO Marc Lore co-founded the company as a competitor to Amazon and even Walmart itself. Walmart will throw in another $300 million in shares paid out to Jet over time, according to the terms announced Monday. Walmart said it expects to receive regulatory approval for the deal, which is expected to close this year. Jet sells everything from household goods and groceries to electronics and furniture. It aims to be cheaper than its competitors by using a model that gives customers a bigger discount when more items are added to an order. Walmart will look into adopting that strategy for its website once the deal is finalized, Walmart spokesman Dan Toporek says. Walmart was drawn to Jet for its philosophical synergies with Walmart's "everyday low prices" motto. "The customer is even more in charge of the price that they pay," McMillon said on a call with media Monday. "There's really an empowerment there for customers that we like." But the biggest asset Walmart gains by paying $3 billion for a company whose business model is largely unproven is creative brain power, says Sucharita Mulpuru, retail analyst with Forrester. Lore will remain with Jet and also take on the role of overseeing Walmart's U.S. e-commerce business. He previously co-founded Quidsi, the parent company to websites including Diapers.com and Soap.com that he sold to Amazon for $545 million in 2010. "You know that he is a smart guy that can execute," Mulpuru says of Lore. "What Walmart needs is an innovation machine that consistently is putting out something new every single week." USA TODAY Merger mania is all the rage in tech While the acquisition can boost Walmart's cachet as an online retailer, it won't come close to unseating Amazon, says Charlie O'Shea, lead retail analyst for Moody's. "No one catches Amazon online," he says. "The key is to be No. 2. (Acquiring Jet) helps differentiate Walmart and give it a leg up on its brick-and-mortar brethren." Jet faced several hiccups in its first year in business, including abandoning its initial plan to charge customers a $50-per-year subscription fee to shop with the site. That led to skepticism over whether the company would be able to generate enough profit to stay in business. Cozying up to Walmart gives Jet an opportunity to pad its margins by leveraging Walmart's vendor relationships and distribution network to get goods at a cheaper price, O'Shea says. "Walmart will be able to help Jet reach profitability sooner," McMillon said. 311 CONNECTTWEET 262 LINKEDIN 20 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2b89yqT
Advertisement Manage: Subscription | Newsletter Add to favorites Make this your home page Print this page E-Edition Online Forms   Home News Local State Nation/World Financial Washington Sports Local National Lifestyle Education Entertainment Features Happenings Personal Touch Religion Opinion Editorial Letters Local Commentary National Commentary Obits Images Photo Library The Amsterdam Scene Video Gallery Specials - Autumn Special - Bridal Directory - Business Card Directory - Business Profiles - Focus Fulton Montgomery - Gift Guide - HS Football 2015 - Real Estate Guide - The Inside Track - Saratoga 2015 - Transitions - Wedding Guide Weather Archives Classifieds Mobile Apps Help Contact Us Employees Online Forms Subscribe Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Amsterdam, NY ,   Print Page Email to a Friend Comments (0 ) Recommend  (0) Advertisement The News in Brief Monday, August 08, 2016 - Updated: 9:56 AM Delta grounds flights due to systems problems ATLANTA (AP) -- Delta Air Lines has grounded flights and predicted widespread cancellations today, disrupting the travel plans of thousands of passengers, after a power outage hit its computer systems globally. The Atlanta-based carrier said the outage began at around 2:30 a.m. Flights which were already en route were operating normally, but others were delayed or cancelled. "We apologize to customers who are affected by this issue, and our teams are working to resolve the problem as quickly as possible," the company said in a statement . It noted that flight status systems, including airport screens, were incorrectly showing flights on time, something the company was trying address. In the meantime, TV footage in the U.S. showed some boarding passes were being written out by hand. Early confirmation of the troubles first came in an official account that responds to customers via Twitter. The company had said its IT systems were down "everywhere" and "hopefully it won't be much longer." Several applications were affected, including the company's website. Among those affected was Tanzie Bodeen, 22, an intern at a software company who lives in Beaverton, Oregon. She had left for Minneapolis St. Paul airport at about 4 a.m. and learned about the delays only upon her arrival -- when she found news crews gathered at the door. "Delta didn't really say anything," she said. Wal-Mart buying online retailer newcomer Jet.com NEW YORK (AP) -- Wal-Mart has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash a year ago when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart is paying $3 billion in cash and another $300 million in stock. The deal announced today underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. Buying Jet.com would let Wal-Mart compete more effectively with Amazon.com and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com to make it on their own in a sphere dominated by Amazon.com with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The acquisition is expected to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart said. Buying Jet.com will help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger. Jet.com has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says that it will also be incorporating some of Jet.com's "smart" technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. Family of Muslim teen arrested over clock files lawsuit DALLAS (AP) -- The family of a Muslim boy who was arrested after bringing a homemade clock to school has sued Texas school officials, saying they violated the 14-year-old boy's civil rights. The lawsuit was filed today on behalf of Ahmed Mohamed. The teen was arrested at his suburban Dallas high school in September and charged with having a hoax bomb. He says he brought the homemade clock to school to show his teacher. The charge was later dropped, but he was still suspended. The lawsuit names Irving Independent School District, the city of Irving and the school's principal. The family has since moved to Qatar, citing threats and a scholarship offered to Ahmed in the Persian Gulf country. CEO: Layoffs expected in Wounded Warrior Project overhaul JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) -- Layoffs are expected at the Wounded Warrior Project amid a restructuring that follows scrutiny over its spending, according to the charity's new chief executive. In an interview with The Florida Times-Union, Michael Linnington said he was in the middle of an assessment that includes meeting with veterans, donors and other groups that help wounded troops. Details about the restructuring will be announced in September, but Linnington said he anticipates laying off some of the charity's 600 employees, cutting its funding for smaller veterans groups and cutting some executives' salaries. Linnington took over as the Jacksonville-based charity's CEO in July. The retired Army lieutenant general previously led the military agency that searches for and identifies the remains of missing servicemen. Police: Amputee's prosthetic leg taken in near-fatal beating STANLEY, N.C. (AP) -- A North Carolina woman and her ex-husband have been charged in the near-fatal beating of an amputee whose prosthetic leg was stolen. Gaston County Police Capt. Curtis Rosselle tells media outlets that 32-year-old Holly Dawn Mesker of Stanley and 43-year-old Patrick Wayne Christopher of Newton were both arrested on first-degree attempted murder, burglary and other charges. Police say Mesker conspired with Christopher in trying to kill Aaron Sanders Thursday at his home near Stanley after Mesker and Sanders got into an argument. Sanders says he was tied up and beaten with a stun gun-like device, a baseball bat and a machete. The suspects also stole cash and the victim's car. Pennsylvania bride given away by man who got her dad's heart SWISSVALE, Pa. (AP) -- A Pennsylvania bride was escorted down the aisle over the weekend by the man who received her father's heart. KDKA-TV reports Jeni Stepien's wedding was Saturday in Swissviale, 10 years after her father was killed by a mugger. Her dad's organs were donated after his death and the recipient was Arthur Thomas, of New Jersey. Stepien says she wanted her dad to be a part of the ceremony, and asking Thomas to walk her down the aisle was the perfect way. She met Thomas on the eve of her wedding. She says she's so thankful her dad was there both in spirit and a piece of him physically as well. Thomas says he can't imagine a greater honor than escorting the daughter of the man who's given him his heart. Young man killed while playing Pokemon SAN FRANCISCO (AP) -- A 20-year-old man was shot to death while playing "Pokemon Go" at a tourist attraction along San Francisco's waterfront, authorities and a family friend said. Calvin Riley was shot Saturday night by an unknown assailant at Aquatic Park near Ghiradelli Square, the U.S. Park Police said Sunday. A family friend told KGO-TV Riley and a friend were playing the hit mobile game when he was shot. "From what we know there was no confrontation. There was nothing said back and forth. It was just senseless, just came up and shot in the back and ran away for nothing," John Kirby said. Kirby said Riley and his friend had noticed someone watching them from the top of a hill that overlooks the park, but it was dark and they were mostly looking at their cellphones. National Park Service spokesman Lynn Cullivan said investigators believe there are witnesses to the attack because it happened in the bustling Fisherman's Wharf area. They are seeking tips. Sgt. Robert Jansing, a detective with the U.S. Park Police, said the gunman did not take any of Riley's belongings or try to rob him. About 400 Fort Campbell soldiers joining unit in Iraq FORT CAMPBELL, Ky. (AP) -- Fort Campbell says about 400 soldiers with the 101st Airborne Division are deploying to Iraq this summer. The post on the Kentucky-Tennessee border says the soldiers from the 2nd Brigade Combat Team will deploy as part of an increase in authorized troop levels in Iraq. They are to join some 1,300 previously deployed soldiers from the same unit who deployed in the spring. Dozens of Chicago protesters block streets, traffic CHICAGO (AP) -- Dozens of people have gathered in Chicago for a protest over the police shooting of an unarmed black 18-year-old. The protesters gathered Sunday evening in Millennium Park then began marching through downtown, at times blocking traffic. The demonstration comes two days after police released video showing the shooting of Paul O'Neal, who was a suspect in a car theft. The footage showed Chicago police firing repeatedly at a car O'Neal was driving as it careened away from them. It later showed police handcuffing the mortally wounded O'Neal. None of the footage from last month shows the moment he was shot in the back. Police have not identified the officers involved. Lawmaker's young son dies on 'world's largest' water slide KANSAS CITY, Kan. (AP) -- The young son of a Kansas state lawmaker died Sunday on a water slide that is billed as the world's largest, according to officials and the boy's family. Authorities did not immediately identify the child who died at Schlitterbahn Waterpark in Kansas City, Kansas, but state Rep. Scott Schwab and his wife released a statement saying it was their son Caleb Thomas Schwab. "Since the day he was born, he brought abundant joy to our family and all those he came in contact with," said the statement, which asked for privacy as the family grieves. Schlitterbahn spokeswoman Winter Prosapio said the child died on one of the park's main attractions, Verruckt, a 168-foot-tall water slide that has 264 stairs leading to the top. Verruckt, which means "insane" in German, was certified as the world's tallest water slide by Guinness World Records. Riders go down the slide in multi-person rafts and have to be at last 54 inches tall, according to the park's website. Officials haven't provided specific details about what led to Caleb's death. Kansas City, Kansas, police spokesman Officer Cameron Morgan said he did not have any information, and Prosapio said more details would be released later. "We honestly don't know what's happened," she told reporters at a news conference. "That's why ... a full investigation is necessary. We have to understand what's happened." The park will be closed Monday, and the ride will be closed pending the investigation, Prosapio said. Authorities initially said the victim was 12 years old, but Clint Sprague, a pastor who is acting as a spokesman for the family, said Caleb was 10. Scott Schwab is a Republican from Olathe. He and his wife, Michele, have four sons, Sprague said. House Speaker Ray Merrick told the Kansas City Star Schwab's family was "the center of his world."       Comments made about this article - 0 Total Comment on this article Title: Comments: Your Name: (optional - shown on website) Advertisement Subscribe to The Recorder   E-Edition 11/23/2016 Click here to see and download more print issues The Recorder Sports Schedule Most Popular Area high school sports calendar Monday, November 21, 2016 Volunteers to cook up holiday spirit in city with meal delivery Saturday, November 19, 2016 Experienced core will be key for Northville Friday, November 18, 2016 Mayfield returns four starters; also has talented 6-foot-5 eighth grader in the mix Tuesday, November 22, 2016 Fulton County supervisors give approval to $97M draft budget Friday, November 18, 2016 From The Recorder Archives Saturday, November 19, 2016 Thomas to replace Cramer as undersheriff Saturday, November 19, 2016 Sophie Malkowicz Friday, November 18, 2016 City gun buyback yields less, but still viewed as a success Thursday, November 17, 2016 Police report Friday, November 18, 2016 Isabel faces Nelson for county legislature District 8 seat (1) Jury convicts Thomas Mair of murdering UK lawmaker Jo Cox (0) Oh please, not another gratitude list (0) The News in Brief (0) University police officer shot in head (0) Airstrike hits bridge, disrupting IS supply lines (0) Trump taps Gov. Nikki Haley to be ambassador to UN (0) 14 wines for your Thanksgiving table, from $12 to $40 (0) The News in Brief (0) Pakistan: India attack kills 12, 10 troops die on both sides (0) Facts and figures for the opening of deer hunting season (4) B-P considers joining forces to reduce its solar farm fee(4) F-MCC considers a one-year LPN program (2) DEC officers have been hard at work during deer season (2) LaPortes celebrate 60th anniversary (2) Taking part in an unforgettable deer hunt was an honor (2) Amsterdam's Fedullo signs with Saint Rose(1) Joyce A. Drozinski (1) Robert L. 'Bob' Reidy (1) Towns are turning to county for guidance on solar farms (1) Stay Connected!   Facebook   Twitter   Mobile Apps   Newsletter Signup   Support   Subscribe   Contact   Employees Advertisement Site Index Home All News Local News State News Nation/World Financial News Washington News All Sports Local Sports National Sports All Lifestyle Education Entertainment Features Happenings Personal Touch Religion All Opinion Letters Columnists Editorial National Commentary Obituaries Photo Library Video Gallery The Amsterdam Scene Business Business Profiles Deals Dining & Entertainment Focus Fulton Montgomery Real Estate Guide Saratoga Bridal Directory Wedding Guide Transitions Weather Search Archive Classifieds Connect With Us Mobile Apps Online Forms Subscribe Employees Copyright © McClary Media, Inc. Privacy Policies: The Recorder Contact Us Tweets about from:RecorderShinder OR from:recorder_news OR from:johnp_recorder
null
Thu, Nov 24, 2016 | Updated 12.35 AM IST HI, Follow Us: MY PROFILE NEWSLETTER LOGOUT SIGN INFollow Us: Gadgets Now Gadgets Now TOI Home News Tech News Jobs Social IT Services Mobiles PCs Apps Gaming Computing More Gadgets Infosys to invest Rs 31.6 crore in Stellaris venture fund Here's how government plans to make digital payments at toll plazas easier Alleged images of Lenovo's new Microsoft Surface clone leak online WhatsApp's upcoming feature may help you save data Airtel launches India’s first payments bank in Rajasthan Netflix 4K resolution support reaches Windows 10 PCs Here's how Lenovo helped in digitally empowering Indian students This company takes record 91% share of global smartphone profits Data is hot for these startups Here's why using Google Glass may not be a good idea FOLLOW US shop FOLLOW US Gadgets Mobile Phones Tablets Laptops Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Reviews FOLLOW US compare Mobile Phones Laptops Tablets Cameras Televisions Power banks Smart watches Air conditioners Washing machines Refrigerators Fitness bands FOLLOW US Slideshows FOLLOW US Videos FOLLOW US Brands Apple Samsung Google Sony HTC Karbonn LG Micromax Microsoft OnePlus Oppo Spice Xiaomi Acer HP InFocus Lenovo Dell FOLLOW US Checklist How To FOLLOW US Featured FOLLOW US infocus Specials ALL ShopGadgets Gadgets Now » News » Tech News Walmart to acquire online retailer Jet.com for 3.3 Billion Walmart has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash a year ago when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. Walmart is paying $3 billion in cash and another $300 million in stock.AP | Updated: Aug 8, 2016, 09.39 PM IST New YORK: Walmart has agreed to buy fast-growing online retail newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash a year ago when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. Walmart is paying $3 billion in cash and another $300 million in stock.The deal announced Monday underscores how serious Walmart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. Buying Jet.com would let Walmart compete more effectively with Amazon and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com to make it on their own in a sphere dominated by Amazon with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The acquisition is expected to close this year upon regulatory approval, Walmart said. Walmart's tech arm expands R&D facility in Bengaluru WalmartLabs, the technology arm of the $482-billion US retailer Walmart, is ramping up its presence in Bengaluru as part of its effort to develop newer ways for customers to shop in its retail stores and its online store. Buying Jet.com will help Walmart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger. Jet.com has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Walmart says that it will also be incorporating some of Jet.com's "smart'' technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, it will provide big financial backing. The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups in an extremely competitive landscape. In January, Hudson's Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchased flash-sales site Gilt Group. And in June, Bed, Bath & Beyond scooped up One Kings Lane. "We're looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that's what our customers want,'' said Doug McMillon, president and CEO, in a statement. Marc Lore, co-founder and CEO of Jet.com noted in a statement that the combination of Walmart's retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with the team, technology and business we have built at Jet_ will allow the company to deliver more value to customers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015 under Lore, set out to reinvent the shopping cart. It now sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers, coming from more than 2,400 retailers. The company, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. It was unclear as of Monday morning what the arrangements were for Lore. Walmart, meanwhile, reported in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7% in the first quarter, weaker than the 8% in the previous quarter and far below the 20% increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon's Prime program. But while Amazon's Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. Walmart to sell China online unit to JD.com Walmart Stores Inc said on Monday it plans to sell its Chinese e-commerce business Yihaodian to Chinese online retailer JD.com Inc for a 5% equity stake in JD.com, a strategic alliance that aims to expand WalMart's reach in China to more customers. Lore has experience competing with Amazon before, as CEO of Quidsi, whose main site was diapers.com. Eventually, it bought him out for more than $500 million back in 2010. Walmart declined to comment on Jet has faced plenty of challenges, though. Three months, after Jet.com launched, it ditched its annual membership fee of $49.99, leading critics to question the business model. So Jet.com promised to undercut Amazon and other retailers by 4% to 5% instead of larger discounts. But Jet.com is not a discount site. It is built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping and adjusts prices based on what items are in the checkout cart, as well as how far the desired products are from the shopper's home. So as shoppers put items in their cart, they're encouraged to add more to build a more efficient cart and buy items labeled "smart cart'' for more savings. Users can even further customize orders for more savings. For instance, if they waive the right to return an item _ a huge cost for online retailers _ prices drop even more. In May, Lore told The AP that Jet.com had expected to reach overall profitability in 2020 and to hit $20 billion in general merchandise value with 15 million customers. Lore said the company wanted to make sure people know about it and was taking its profit from selling products and investing it in advertising. Jet.com was also testing the sale of fresh food like eggs. RELATED From around the web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web From GADGETSNOW Recommended By Colombia Comments Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message GADGETS NOW SHOP Latest News German top court throws out Yahoo's case regarding news royalties India is most critical market for Facebook, says India MD Android smartphone users in India too vulnerable to 'Chinese data theft', claims report Infosys to invest Rs 31.6 crore in Stellaris venture fund Here's how government plans to make digital payments at toll plazas easier From around the Web More From GadgetsNow Recommended By Colombia Most Popular Apple iPad Pro, iPhone 7 available at a discount of up to Rs 28,900 Apple CEO Tim Cook's letter to employees on Donald Trump's win Flipkart CEO’s response to Amazon’s No.1 claim These are the 'feared' security features of the Rs 2000 note Rs 500 & Rs 1000 ban: 'Good news' for phone buyers WhatsApp launches video-calling feature for Android users TCS: Cyrus Mistry caused 'enormous harm' to the IT company IITs: Pre-placement salaries hit record high Apple MacBook Pro with ‘Touch Bar’ launched, prices start at Rs 1,55,900 Reliance Jio to launch phones with unlimited voice, video calling starting at Rs 1,000 Russia, China targeted by cyber-espionage attacks: Symantec COAI calls Trai's review of interconnection charges unfair Apple Watch to be launched in two variants in September: Report A Youtube like platform that helps docs on the go Apple, Acer, Lenovo, Oppo want relaxation in sourcing norms: Government Idea Q1 net may fall 23% Qualcomm signs 3G/4G license agreement with Vivo Entrepreneurship program for children Xiaomi to launch air-purifiers in India soon 1Walmart to acquire online retailer Jet.com for 3.3 Billion 2Russia, China targeted by cyber-espionage attacks: Symantec 3COAI calls Trai's review of interconnection charges unfair 4Apple Watch to be launched in two variants in September: Report 5A Youtube like platform that helps docs on the go 6Apple, Acer, Lenovo, Oppo want relaxation in sourcing norms: Government 7Idea Q1 net may fall 23% 8Qualcomm signs 3G/4G license agreement with Vivo 9Entrepreneurship program for children 10Xiaomi to launch air-purifiers in India soon GADGETS NOW About Us Privacy policy RSS Return Policy Newsletter Sitemap Feedback Authors Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Gadgets now mobile Refund Policy Popular Mobiles Google Pixel XL 32 GB Moto Z 64GB Moto Z Play 32GB Honor 8 Samsung Galaxy A9 Pro Lenovo K4 Note Lenovo K3 Note Oppo F1 Plus Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Mi 5S Lenovo Vibe K5 Lenovo Zuk Z1 Samsung Galaxy J7 Lenovo A7000 Lenovo K5 Note Samsung Galaxy J2 OnePlus 3 Samsung Galaxy On7 OnePlus X Samsung Z3 HTC Desire 820 LG G5 Sony Xperia Z5 HTC Desire 826 Oppo R7 Upcoming Mobiles Nokia P1 Samsung Galaxy C5 Pro Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Oppo F1s 64GB Umi Plus E Lyf Wind 7i OKWU Pi Vivo Xplay6 Vivo X9 64 GB Vivo X9 128GB Vivo X9 OnePlus 3T 64 GB OnePlus 3T 128GB Vivo V5 Gionee S9 Huawei Mate 9 Pro Lava A76 Plus Asus Zenfone 3 Max ZC553KL Hyve Pryme Wileyfox Swift 2 Wileyfox Swift 2 Plus Moto M Xiaomi Redmi 4A Xiaomi Redmi 4 16GB Xiaomi Redmi 4 Latest Mobiles Google Nexus 9 Coolpad Note 3 Redmi Note 3 Lenovo K4 Note Moto G4 Plus OnePlus X OnePlus 2 Lenovo Vibe S1 iPhone 6 Google Nexus 5 Mobile Phones Spice Mobiles Oppo Mobiles OnePlus Mobiles Microsoft Mobiles Micromax Mobiles LG Mobiles Karbonn Mobiles HTC Mobiles Sony Mobiles Google Mobiles Copyright © 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. | The Times of India. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 51° Share Wal-Mart buying online retailer newcomer Jet.com By Anne D'Innocenzio / AP Retail Writer Published: Monday, August 8th, 2016 at 7:52am Updated: Monday, August 8th, 2016 at 2:50pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........NEW YORK — Wal-Mart is buying fast-growing online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, scooping up a newcomer that launched a year ago with the intention of challenging online leader Amazon. The hefty price underscores how Wal-Mart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively for younger and more affluent customers as it has seen its online business growth slow, even with big investments in distribution centers and expanding services. As part of the deal, Jet.com co-founder and CEO Marc Lore will oversee both that site and walmart.com, and will report to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Lore brings to the role a rich e-commerce resume as founder of Quidsi, the parent of Diapers.com, which was bought by Amazon for $500 million in 2010. Analysts say the acquisition still won’t enable Wal-Mart to catch up to Amazon in sales, but it will help narrow that gap and should widen the distance between Wal-Mart and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com of making it on their own in a sphere Amazon dominates with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. Advertisement Continue reading The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups, with Hudson’s Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchasing flash-sales site Gilt Group and Bed, Bath & Beyond buying One Kings Lane. While not a startup, Wal-Mart itself announced in June that it announced it was forming a partnership with JD.com in China to bolster its presence in that market. “This acquisition in tandem with its joint venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Wal-Mart is attacking online retail with significant zeal,” said Moody’s lead retail analyst Charlie O’Shea. “As we believe ‘catching’ Amazon online is an unrealistic goal for any brick-and-mortar retailer, Wal-Mart now has a definite leg up on its competitors in the very important race to be No. 2 online.” As part of the deal, which Wal-Mart expects to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart and Jet.com will maintain separate brands — for now. Walmart.com will stay focused on the company’s low price strategy and Jet.com will still provide a curated assortment of products. The acquisition will help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger than its own shoppers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015, sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers and has been growing fast. It has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says it will incorporate some of Jet.com’s “smart” technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. It is built on a pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping and adjusts prices based on what items are in the checkout cart, as well as how far the desired products are from the shopper’s home. So shoppers are encouraged to add more to build a more efficient cart and buy items labeled “smart cart” for more savings. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, the deal should help accelerate its path to profitability. McMillon said Wal-Mart customers likely will see lower prices and new brands aimed at millennials that have been carried by Jet.com. Wal-Mart customers may also have more control over creating their own basket to save money. “We have some cool ideas on how the two brands can work together over time,” he said. As for perhaps merging the two sites eventually, McMillon said Wal-Mart wants to be thoughtful about how it approaches that. “This is about winning over time,” he said. Lore cited the benefits of Wal-Mart’s purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with Jet.com’s team and technology. Jet.com, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. Lore told The Associated Press that he can see helping Wal-Mart with speeding up shipping, among other things. Advertisement Continue reading “I’m definitely in this for the long haul,” Lore said. He said he was introduced to McMillon this past spring. In its fiscal year ended in January, Wal-Mart had online sales of $13.7 billion, a fraction of its total revenue of $482.1 billion. And its online figure pales in comparison to Amazon.com’s annual net revenue of $107 billion. O’Shea noted that Apple.com is the only brick-and-mortar retailer that outranks Wal-Mart in online sales in the U.S. But Wal-Mart reported in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7 percent in the first quarter, weaker than the 8 percent in the previous quarter and far below the 20 percent increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon’s Prime program. But while Amazon’s Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. O’Shea noted Wal-Mart is “paying a lot” for Jet.com, but it was too soon to say if it overpaid. Shares of Wal-Mart slipped 42 cents to close at $73.34 Monday. Its shares are up 3 percent over the past year. ___ Follow Anne D’Innocenzio on Twitter at http://www.Twitter.com/adinnocenzio Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe Most Recent Biz News Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 53° Low 37° High 59° Fayetteville 47° Low 30° High 52° Bentonville 46° Low 33° High 51° See complete forecast Walmart To Acquire E-Commerce Company Jet.com Posted 8:37 am, August 8, 2016, by CNN Wire Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Walmart To Acquire E-Commerce Company Jet.com BENTONVILLE (CNNMoney) — Watch out, Amazon. Walmart announced Monday that it has agreed to buy Jet.com, a much-hyped e-commerce site trying to take on Amazon directly, for $3 billion in cash, with another $300 million in stock kicked in for good measure. The deal may help Walmart reinvigorate growth in its online shopping business, which has slowed in recent quarters. Meanwhile, Amazon’s overall sales have rocketed above $100 billion annually. “Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker, and we’ll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time,” Doug McMillion, president and CEO of Walmart, said in a statement. Jet.com launched in July 2015 and specializes in bulk orders. Its CEO, Marc Lore, isn’t new to building businesses that get snapped up by bigger rivals: he sold Diapers.com to Amazon in 2010. Walmart intends to maintain the Jet brand to target younger shoppers, while making use of its proprietary technology to help bundle together shopping items bring down logistics costs. Lore raised hundreds of millions in venture funding in a bold push to take on Amazon directly through aggressive marketing and steep discounts. Jet says it has “set out to make shopping more transparent, more efficient, and at the same time, a little more fun,” according to its website. It only serves customers in the United States. “We want to be laser-focused,” Lore told CNNMoney in 2015. The move is the latest bit of deal-making from Walmart. In June, the retailer said it would buy about 5% of leading Chinese e-commerce company JD.com, an investment worth about $1.5 billion. As part of the deal, Walmart is selling its own Chinese e-commerce site, Yihaodian, to JD. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Mercy Healthwatch Your latest health news. Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule ‘Multiple Fatalities’ After Elementary School Bus Crashes In Tennessee Springdale High School Tagged With Vulgar Graffiti Siloam Springs Police: Doing Vehicle Check Points In Search Of Missing Baby, Mother New Overtime Law Impacting Millions Of Workers Goes Into Effect Dec. 1 Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Protecting Donald Trump Costs New York City More Than $1 Million A Day Shots Fired During Fort Smith Break-In Jon Voight Shocks Stranger In Line At Walmart With Generous Thanksgiving Offer Shots Fired During Fort Smith Break-In News Walmart Unveils Black Friday 2016 Deals News Walmart Tests Pickup Vending Machine At Rogers Store News Mother Gives Birth In Walmart Checkout Line – After Paying For Merchandise News Woman Finds Snake In Shopping Cart At Van Buren Walmart News Former Walmart Express Reopens As Harps Store in Gravette News Walmart Surprises Teen Who Saved Man’s Life Inside Indiana Store News Walmart Eyewear Facility Tour News Celebrating Hispanic Heritage At The Walmart AMP News Pernod Ricard Announces Facility Expansion, Malibu Rum To Be Bottled In Fort Smith Plant News Apple Unveils Water-Resistant IPhone 7 With No Headphone Jacks News Police Make Arrest In Connection To Springdale Walmart Shooting News Woman Dies After Being Run Over By Her Own Car In Walmart Parking Lot News The Lumineers & Their Music Light Up The Walmart AMP Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2016, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ב חשון תשע"ז   |   Wednesday, November 23, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Wal-Mart Buying New Online Retailer Jet.com Wal-Mart Buying New Online Retailer Jet.com Monday, August 8, 2016 at 9:48 am | ד' אב תשע"ו A Wal-Mart store in Encinitas, California. (Reuters/Mike Blake/File Photo) NEW YORK (AP) - Wal-Mart has agreed to buy fast-growing online retailer newcomer Jet.com, which had launched with a splash a year ago when it announced its intention to challenge online leader Amazon. Wal-Mart is paying $3 billion in cash and another $300 million in stock. The deal announced Monday underscores how serious Wal-Mart is about igniting its online business, which has been slowing even as it has been making big investments in new distribution centers and expanding services. Buying Jet.com would let Wal-Mart compete more effectively with Amazon.com and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com to make it on their own in a sphere dominated by Amazon.com with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The acquisition is expected to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart said. Buying Jet.com will help Wal-Mart grab higher-income customers who typically are younger. Jet.com has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says that it will also be incorporating some of Jet.com’s “smart” technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy media ads and other marketing, it will provide big financial backing. The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups in an extremely competitive landscape. “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO, in a statement. Marc Lore, cofounder and CEO of Jet.com, noted in a statement that the combination of Wal-Mart’s retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets — together with the team, technology and business that’s been built at Jet — will allow the company to deliver more value to customers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015 under Lore, set out to reinvent the shopping cart. It now sells 12 million products coming from more than 2,400 retailers. The company, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. It was unclear as of Monday morning what the arrangements were for Lore. Wal-Mart, meanwhile, reported in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7 percent in the first quarter, weaker than the 8 percent in the previous quarter and far below the 20 percent increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to compete with Amazon’s Prime program. But while Amazon’s Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. Lore has experience competing with Amazon before, as CEO of Quidsi, whose main site was diapers.com. Eventually, it bought him out for more than $500 million back in 2010. Jet has faced plenty of challenges, though. Three months after Jet.com launched, it ditched its annual membership fee of $49.99, leading critics to question the business model. So Jet.com promised to undercut Amazon and other retailers by 4 percent to 5 percent instead of larger discounts. But Jet.com is not a discount site. It is built on a real-time pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping and adjusts prices based on what items are in the checkout cart, as well as how far the desired products are from the shopper’s home. So as shoppers put items in their cart, they’re encouraged to add more to build a more efficient cart and buy items labeled “smart cart” for more savings. Users can even further customize orders for more savings. For instance, if they waive the right to return an item — a huge cost for online retailers — prices drop even more. In May, Lore told the AP that Jet.com had expected to reach overall profitability in 2020 and to hit $20 billion in general merchandise value with 15 million customers. Lore said the company wanted to make sure people know about it and was taking its profit from selling products and investing it in advertising. Jet.com was also testing the sale of fresh food like eggs. Filed under: Mergers & Acquisitions Print Email Gmail Related Amazon Overtakes Wal-Mart as Biggest Retailer Wal-Mart Tests Matching Prices With Online Rivals Toys R Us Will Match Online Prices in Stores Wal-Mart Adds 2 Distribution Centers Wal-Mart Launches Its 1st Online Year-End Deals Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Applications for Unemployment Aid Rose Last Week Potash Prices Hit Israel Chemicals Profit Despite Speciality Shift Lufthansa Pilots Start Two-Day Strike, Hundreds of Flights Canceled Asian Stocks Share Some Wall St. Joy Business Briefs – November 22, 2016 OP-ED Parties Don’t Matter. Issues Matter Crossing the Red Line The Solution Is Negotiation, Not Legislation The Boys Who Cried “Anti-Semite!” Biased Reporting: Just Ask Us! Face Your Fears A Post-Election Villain One American’s Case for ‘Socialized Medicine’ Disease or Not, A Daunting Challenge GOP Must Look to Bring New Voters Into the Party On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Features Nichum Aveilim 22 Cheshvan/November 23 Add to the Confusion Sudoku – November 23, 2016 This Day In History 22 Cheshvan/November 23 Post-Truth and Consequences This Day In History 21 Cheshvan/November 22 The Odd Side – November 22, 2016 World of Wonder – November 22, 2016 Editorial Cartoon – November 22, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 21 Cheshvan/November 22 Sudoku – November 22, 2016 This Day In History 20 Cheshvan/November 21 Sudoku – November 21, 2016 Should I Mainstream My Son? Weather » Brooklyn 43°F Sunny See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,368.99 -17.36 (-0.32%) S&P 500 2,202.03 -0.91 (-0.04%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9494 GBP 0.8066 ILS 3.8719 CHF 1.0156 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. To CNNMoney business culture gadgets future startups To CNNMoney Walmart buying Jet.com for $3.3 billion to take on Amazon by Seth Fiegerman   @sfiegerman August 8, 2016: 9:58 AM ET Shopping club Jet.com launches in the U.S. Watch out, Amazon. Walmart (WMT) announced Monday that it has agreed to buy Jet.com, a much-hyped e-commerce site trying to take on Amazon (AMZN, Tech30) directly, for $3 billion in cash, with another $300 million in stock kicked in for good measure. The deal may help Walmart reinvigorate growth in its online shopping business, which has slowed in recent quarters. Meanwhile, Amazon's overall sales have rocketed above $100 billion annually. "Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we're pursuing will happen quicker, and we'll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time," Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Walmart, said in a statement. Jet.com launched in July 2015 and worked to differentiate itself through bulk buying. Customers are encouraged to add various tagged items to their shopping carts, which can be shipped more cheaply in the same box from a nearby vendor. Those savings are then passed on to the customer. The startup's CEO, Marc Lore, isn't new to building businesses that get snapped up by bigger rivals: he sold Diapers.com to Amazon in 2010 for more than $500 million. Walmart intends to maintain the Jet brand to target younger shoppers, while making use of its proprietary technology to help bundle together shopping items bring down logistics costs. Related: 15 Questions with Marc Lore Lore raised hundreds of millions in venture funding in a bold push to take on Amazon directly through aggressive marketing and steep discounts. Lore's bet was that online shopping will be such a large market that even coming in second place to Amazon would prove to be an incredible business opportunity. He also worked to differentiate Jet from Amazon in a more subtle way: by creating a happier workplace culture where all employees received equity in the company. Jet says it has "set out to make shopping more transparent, more efficient, and at the same time, a little more fun," according to its website. It only serves customers in the United States. "We want to be laser-focused," Lore told CNNMoney in 2015. The move is the latest bit of deal-making from Walmart. In June, the retailer said it would buy about 5% of leading Chinese e-commerce company JD.com, an investment worth about $1.5 billion. As part of the deal, Walmart is selling its own Chinese e-commerce site, Yihaodian, to JD. Walmart's CEO telegraphed the need for a change in its ecommerce strategy after the company reported its first quarter earnings, which revealed online sales grew just 7% year-over-year. "Growth here is too slow," CEO Doug McMillon said at the time. --Robert McLean contributed to this report. CNNMoney (New York) First published August 8, 2016: 9:06 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending Possible pick for Treasury secretary makes his film debut Brexit scorecard: The cost and complexity of leaving the EU Patagonia will donate 100% of its Black Friday sales Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 CNNMoney Sponsors Partner Offers Paid Partner NextAdvisor Paid Partner 5 cards offering 0% interest until 2018 Transferring your debt to a 21-month 0% intro APR is ingenious 10 jaw-dropping balance transfer offers A $500 intro bonus has arrived A proven method to pay off credit cards Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2016 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. AdChoices.
Wal-Mart buying online retailer newcomer Jet.com | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS South Korea Montreal fire Waterloo police Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News CTV's Question Period W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Wal-Mart buying online retailer newcomer Jet.com The Wal-Mart store in Prince Albert, Sask. (Geoff Howe / THE CANADIAN PRESS) Anne D'Innocenzio, The Associated Press Published Monday, August 8, 2016 9:32AM EDT Last Updated Monday, August 8, 2016 5:18PM EDT NEW YORK -- Wal-Mart is buying fast-growing online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, scooping up a newcomer that launched a year ago with the intention of challenging online leader Amazon. The hefty price underscores how Wal-Mart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively for younger and more affluent customers as it has seen its online business growth slow, even with big investments in distribution centres and expanding services. As part of the deal, Jet.com co-founder and CEO Marc Lore will oversee both that site and walmart.com, and will report to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Chief Executive Doug McMillon. Lore brings to the role a rich e-commerce resume as founder of Quidsi, the parent of Diapers.com, which was bought by Amazon for $500 million in 2010. Analysts say the acquisition still won't enable Wal-Mart to catch up to Amazon in sales, but it will help narrow that gap and should widen the distance between Wal-Mart and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for startups like Jet.com of making it on their own in a sphere Amazon dominates with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The move follows a series of acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online startups, with Hudson's Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchasing flash-sales site Gilt Group and Bed, Bath & Beyond buying One Kings Lane. While not a startup, Wal-Mart itself announced in June that it announced it was forming a partnership with JD.com in China to bolster its presence in that market. "This acquisition in tandem with its joint venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Wal-Mart is attacking online retail with significant zeal," said Moody's lead retail analyst Charlie O'Shea. "As we believe 'catching' Amazon online is an unrealistic goal for any brick-and-mortar retailer, Wal-Mart now has a definite leg up on its competitors in the very important race to be No. 2 online." As part of the deal, which Wal-Mart expects to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart and Jet.com will maintain separate brands -- for now. Walmart.com will stay focused on the company's low price strategy and Jet.com will still provide a curated assortment of products. The acquisition will help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger than its own shoppers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015, sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers and has been growing fast. It has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says it will incorporate some of Jet.com's "smart" technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. It is built on a pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping and adjusts prices based on what items are in the checkout cart, as well as how far the desired products are from the shopper's home. So shoppers are encouraged to add more to build a more efficient cart and buy items labeled "smart cart" for more savings. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, the deal should help accelerate its path to profitability. McMillon said Wal-Mart customers likely will see lower prices and new brands aimed at millennials that have been carried by Jet.com. Wal-Mart customers may also have more control over creating their own basket to save money. "We have some cool ideas on how the two brands can work together over time," he said. As for perhaps merging the two sites eventually, McMillon said Wal-Mart wants to be thoughtful about how it approaches that. "This is about winning over time," he said. Lore cited the benefits of Wal-Mart's purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with Jet.com's team and technology. Jet.com, which touts its service, delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. Lore told The Associated Press that he can see helping Wal-Mart with speeding up shipping, among other things. "I'm definitely in this for the long haul," Lore said. He said he was introduced to McMillon this past spring. In its fiscal year ended in January, Wal-Mart had online sales of $13.7 billion, a fraction of its total revenue of $482.1 billion. And its online figure pales in comparison to Amazon.com's annual net revenue of $107 billion. O'Shea noted that Apple.com is the only brick-and-mortar retailer that outranks Wal-Mart in online sales in the U.S. But Wal-Mart reported in May that global e-commerce sales rose 7 per cent in the first quarter, weaker than the 8 per cent in the previous quarter and far below the 20 per cent increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon's Prime program. But while Amazon's Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with a lot of perks like streaming music and video and household subscriptions. O'Shea noted Wal-Mart is "paying a lot" for Jet.com, but it was too soon to say if it overpaid. Shares of Wal-Mart slipped 42 cents to close at $73.34 Monday. Its shares are up 3 per cent over the past year. Related Stories Well-funded Jet.com may be eCommerce game-changer Photos The Jet.com logo is shown in this image taken from Instagram. (Instagram, via user Jet) Report Error MOST WATCHED false Extended: DeGeneres, De Niro get Medal of Freedom Air Date: November 22, 2016 false Wheel flies off of SUV travelling on Highway 407 Air Date: November 22, 2016 false CTV National News: Trump backs away from promises Air Date: November 22, 2016 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business For the love of the game: Canadians struggle to balance costs of hockey, education 5 Trump business ties that pose conflicts Black Friday survival guide: Little-known shopping secrets from the experts Richard Branson praises Canada as 'beacon of light' for investors Canadian National says rival Canadian Pacific paid $25M to settle lawsuit Toronto stock market slips in late morning trading as price of gold falls Join the conversation... Advertisement Sponsored Five ways to start saving: It's easier than you think BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Biofuel producer behind Alaska Airlines' wood-powered plane _ WATCH: B2Gold gets set to dig in Mali _ WATCH: We're in dangerous territory for gold right now: Commodity strategist _ WATCH: Commodities for Wednesday, November 23, 2016 CTV News Video Network false More than 100 firefighters battle massive blaze in Montreal CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 South Korean leader defends purchase of 360 Viagra pills 2 Canada to earn its 'Great White North' moniker this winter 3 3 Healthcare wait times hit 20 weeks in 2016: report 3 4 Ottawa-area couple stunned after vacant land billed for hydro 1 5 Ellen DeGeneres, Presidential Medal of Freedom recipient, thrilled to tears 3 6 Some Tennessee school bus crash survivors 'too dazed to talk': doctor 2 7 Good Samaritan killed by car while helping stranded motorist 1 8 Officers prepare roast beef meal for injured man who hadn't eaten in 2 days 1 9 'I have no worries': Dalai Lama talks Donald Trump 10 Massive fire breaks out in downtown Montreal 4 Don't Miss false Springsteen, Obama and more do epic Mannequin Challenge false Terminally ill B.C. woman sews dresses for girls in Haiti false How did this octopus end up in a Florida parking garage? You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA 'Internet black widow' signs peace bond, must report romantic ties P.E.I. school bus driver accused of sexting with 15-year-old girl Parents file $12.5M lawsuit alleging police ignored, hid evidence in son's death WORLD Germany 'repulsed' by Hitler salutes at U.S. far-right event Airstrike hits Mosul bridge, disrupting ISIS supply lines Some Tennessee school bus crash survivors 'too dazed to talk': doctor ENTERTAINMENT For Kanye West, a swirling, eventful year ends in a hospital Jay Baruchel on the Habs and his new sports documentary 'Celtic Soul' Doctor indicted after drug death of 3 Doors Down guitarist HEALTH Failed study, dimmed hopes in hunt for Alzheimer's treatment An Alzheimer's drug fails, but many others still in testing New drug could be lifesaver for children with spinal muscular atrophy POLITICS PM Trudeau visits Liberia and Madagascar on first official visit to Africa TPP needs the United States to survive: Canada's trade minister Monsef poised to restore voting rights to expats, among other democratic reforms SCI-TECH Dodo skeleton sells at auction for US$430,000 U.S. government wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers More than half of world's population does not use internet: UN BUSINESS For the love of the game: Canadians struggle to balance costs of hockey, education 5 Trump business ties that pose conflicts Black Friday survival guide: Little-known shopping secrets from the experts SPORTS Goalie Shannon Szabados returns to Canadian women's hockey team Women's hockey trailblazer Manon Rheaume marks 25th anniversary of QMJHL game Ralph Branca, pitcher who gave up 'Shot Heard 'Round World,' dies at 90 AUTOS America's first Chinese-built SUV is a Buick Envision U.S. government wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers McLaren gets creative with the 570S Lifestyle How to stay organized on long trips with packing cubes and the rule of two 6 ways to score deals and discounts on ski trips this winter Embark on a 'Gilmore Girls' getaway in the real-life Stars Hollow CTV News on the Go CTV News on the Go: Wednesday, Nov. 23 Cooking with cops: Officers help out injured Ontario man Solid gold Christmas tree for sale in Japan In Pictures   Presidential Medal of Freedom ceremony Children from Mosul American Music Awards Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2016 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Photos Video Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Classifieds Subscribe Sign in In The News: hillary clinton iran lamar odom 2016 presidential election new york mets Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post Most Popular 66,349 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 61,569 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash 40,947 Clinton team is told to contest the election 25,894 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 23,737 This unlikely place may be where WWIII starts 22,315 J.Law worries her privates will turn into 'wet sponges' Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Walmart, eyeing Amazon, buys Jet.com for $3.3B By James Covert View author archive email the author follow on twitter Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) August 8, 2016 | 9:13am Modal Trigger Photo: Getty Images Walmart confirmed it is shelling out more than $3 billion for e-commerce startup Jet.com as it scrambles to play catchup online with Amazon. A key condition of the deal is that Jet.com founder Marc Lore stay on to run the online business, Walmart Chief Executive Doug McMillon told media on a Monday call. “Marc’s e-commerce experience and success are obviously attractive,” McMillon said. Walmart’s current head of global e-commerce, Neil Ashe, will leave the company at the end of the fiscal year. Lore founded Jet.com in Hoboken, NJ, in July 2015, creating software that can offer customers lower prices on groceries and other merchandise as they add items to their shopping carts. Walmart said it will integrate that software into its main Web site while keeping Jet.com as a separate entity. “One of the things we really like [about Jet] is that the customer is even more in charge of the price that they pay,” McMillon said. Previously, Lore had cofounded Quidsi, the owner of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com, which was sold to Amazon. Walmart said it would pay around $3 billion in cash and $300 million in shares for Jet. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under amazon ,  jeff bezos ,  jet.com ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Caesars nears deadline to keep holds on high-stakes lawsui... Read Next Caesars nears deadline to keep holds on high-stakes lawsui... Most Popular This Week 1 Donald Trump's media summit was a 'f−−−ing firing squad' 2 Melania and Barron Trump won’t be moving to the White House 3 College kids are proving Trump's point 4 Did this astronaut warn of aliens before attempting suicide? 5 Trump may not be able to work in the Oval Office for over a year 6 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 66,604 Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom 60,835 'I hope it's not my fault': School bus driver to mom after fatal crash 39,278 Clinton team is told to contest the election Now On Youngest Jonas brother busted with marijuana Swizz Beatz latest celeb caught up in Malaysian embezzlement scandal Jeff Bridges slashes mansion asking price by $5M SEE ALL Video :36 Is there a deer in the driver's seat of that ATV?! More Stories pagesix J.Law worries her privates will turn into 'wet sponges' Now On Decider Jon Stewart Calls Liberals Hypocrites For Saying Trump Voters Are Racist nypost Bus driver asked kids if they were 'ready to die' before fatal crash: mom New York Post Twitter Facebook Instagram Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Twitter Facebook Instagram Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2016 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly NY Post Never Miss a Story Get The Post delivered directly to your inbox NY Post Morning Report Page Six Daily Breaking News Special Offers Email Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}

SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 311 262 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Why Walmart is spending $3B for online seller Jet.com Walmart, Jet will remain separate brands Post to Facebook Why Walmart is spending $3B for online seller Jet.com Walmart, Jet will remain separate brands  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2b89yqT {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 20 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Why Walmart is spending $3B for online seller Jet.com Hadley Malcolm , USA TODAY 6:46 p.m. EDT August 8, 2016 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Walmart will acquire e-commerce start-up Jet.com in a $3 billion cash deal expected to help the world's largest retailer become a powerhouse online shopping destination. Sara Snyder, USA TODAY Walmart's $3 billion acquisition of Jet.com is expected to help the retailer grow its e-commerce business at a faster rate and reach more Millennial customers. (Photo: Danny Johnston, AP) Walmart will acquire e-commerce start-up Jet.com in a $3 billion cash deal aimed at helping the world's largest retailer become an online shopping powerhouse that can take on Amazon.com. The deal announced Monday marks the latest move by Walmart, known for breakthroughs in efficiency that have given it a pricing edge across its vast store network, to try to bring the same spirit of innovation to its Web operations. Online sales are still just a fraction of Walmart's overall business, coming in at $13.6 billion last year out of $482 billion in total revenue. Amazon hit more than $100 billion in sales in 2015. Walmart is the second-most trafficked retail website in the U.S. behind Amazon. Walmart will keep Jet as a separate brand but plans to tap into Jet's bulk ordering strategy to grow its e-commerce business at a faster rate and reach more Millennial customers. Jet also appeals to a more affluent shopper than Walmart, with customers more likely to have annual incomes greater than $150,000, according to data from NPD Group. "Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker, and we’ll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. The deal comes a little more than a year after Jet CEO Marc Lore co-founded the company as a competitor to Amazon and even Walmart itself. Walmart will throw in another $300 million in shares paid out to Jet over time, according to the terms announced Monday. Walmart said it expects to receive regulatory approval for the deal, which is expected to close this year. Jet sells everything from household goods and groceries to electronics and furniture. It aims to be cheaper than its competitors by using a model that gives customers a bigger discount when more items are added to an order. Walmart will look into adopting that strategy for its website once the deal is finalized, Walmart spokesman Dan Toporek says. Walmart was drawn to Jet for its philosophical synergies with Walmart's "everyday low prices" motto. "The customer is even more in charge of the price that they pay," McMillon said on a call with media Monday. "There's really an empowerment there for customers that we like." But the biggest asset Walmart gains by paying $3 billion for a company whose business model is largely unproven is creative brain power, says Sucharita Mulpuru, retail analyst with Forrester. Lore will remain with Jet and also take on the role of overseeing Walmart's U.S. e-commerce business. He previously co-founded Quidsi, the parent company to websites including Diapers.com and Soap.com that he sold to Amazon for $545 million in 2010. "You know that he is a smart guy that can execute," Mulpuru says of Lore. "What Walmart needs is an innovation machine that consistently is putting out something new every single week." USA TODAY Merger mania is all the rage in tech While the acquisition can boost Walmart's cachet as an online retailer, it won't come close to unseating Amazon, says Charlie O'Shea, lead retail analyst for Moody's. "No one catches Amazon online," he says. "The key is to be No. 2. (Acquiring Jet) helps differentiate Walmart and give it a leg up on its brick-and-mortar brethren." Jet faced several hiccups in its first year in business, including abandoning its initial plan to charge customers a $50-per-year subscription fee to shop with the site. That led to skepticism over whether the company would be able to generate enough profit to stay in business. Cozying up to Walmart gives Jet an opportunity to pad its margins by leveraging Walmart's vendor relationships and distribution network to get goods at a cheaper price, O'Shea says. "Walmart will be able to help Jet reach profitability sooner," McMillon said. 311 CONNECTTWEET 262 LINKEDIN 20 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2b89yqT
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart's new $3 billion weapon could pose a huge threat to Amazon Hayley Peterson Aug. 8, 2016, 8:55 AM 10,390 facebook linkedin twitter email print Walmart has a massive customer base. Richard Feloni Walmart is buying Jet.com in a $3 billion deal that could make it Amazon's biggest online competitor. The deal gives Walmart "a definite leg-up on its competitors in the very important race to be #2 online," Moody's lead retail analyst Charlie O'Shea said. "Being the site next clicked following Amazon amongst online shoppers is very important for brick-and-mortar retailers as they morph online, and Walmart is aggressively positioning itself to be that site," O'Shea wrote in a note to clients on Monday. Here's why the deal makes sense for Walmart: 1. Walmart has a massive customer base Walmart is far behind Amazon in terms of online sales. Walmart's online sales were $13.7 billion in 2015, compared with Amazon's $107 billion. But overall the picture looks much different. Walmart's revenue in 2015 was $482 billion, more than four times Amazon's revenue over the same period. All that revenue for Walmart represents untapped potential for online sales from customers who are already shopping at Walmart's physical stores. Data from Euromonitor 2. Walmart has a giant network of stores that can serve as distribution centers for products sold online Walmart has more than 4,500 stores in the US and 102 distribution facilities. By comparison, Amazon has roughly 180 fulfillment centers in the US. "This combination of a massive brick-and-mortar footprint with [an] emerging e-commerce player would put both companies in a better position for battle," Stephan Schambach, who founded the e-commerce companies NewStore and Demandware, said of Walmart and Jet.com. He said he was skeptical, however, that Walmart would ever overtake Amazon in online sales. "I still don't think they'll be able to beat out Amazon, but it will be interesting to watch them try," he said. Neil Saunders, the CEO of the retail consulting firm Conlumino, is more bullish on Walmart's potential. "We have always said that this is a major advantage for Walmart over a player like Amazon in that Walmart can distribute products far more cheaply and quickly if it finds a way to fully integrate stores into its systems," Saunders wrote in a note to clients. 3. What Walmart lacks in e-commerce logistics, Jet.com can offer Jet.com is growing rapidly and stealing some customers from Amazon by offering lower prices than the e-commerce giant. It is only a year old and has already generated more than $1 billion in sales from more than 4 million shoppers, according to Euromonitor. According to Slice Intelligence, another industry-data firm, Jet's sales in July grew 168% compared with August 2015. Walmart's online sales, meanwhile, have grown only 30%. Jet.com is also quickly mastering fast and free shipping. Marc Lore, the CEO and founder of Jet.com. Jet While Walmart only recently began offering two-day delivery to members of its ShippingPass program — which is meant to rival the Amazon Prime membership program — Jet.com has figured out how to achieve free one-day delivery for half of US households, according to Euromonitor International. "Walmart will gain significantly from Jet's logistics and delivery expertise," Michelle Malison, a retail analyst for Euromonitor International, said. "By strategically locating its distribution centers and streamlining its logistics, Jet has doubled its one-day delivery (of its own first-party products) penetration rate from 25% to 50% of US households since launch, and is approaching 99% of US households for two-day delivery. In select high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often is able to offer same-day delivery at no additional cost to both Jet and its shoppers." Walmart's ShippingPass costs $49 a year, compared with the $99 for Amazon Prime. Jet.com's two-day shipping is free for all orders of at least $35. Without ShippingPass, Walmart customers have the option to choose between "rush" one-day shipping, which can cost at least $14 an item, or "expedited," "standard," and "value" options, which take two to seven days and cost about $5 to $8. Walmart offers free pickup at stores. Disclosure: Jeff Bezos is an investor in Business Insider through his personal investment company Bezos Expeditions. SEE ALSO: Macy's is officially becoming the new Sears NOW WATCH: Here's how to see how much you've spent on Amazon in your lifetime Loading video... More: Retail Walmart Amazon facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart's new $3 billion weapon could pose a huge threat to Amazon Walmart's new $3 billion weapon could pose a huge threat to Amazon Walmart is buying Jet.com in a $3 billion deal... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Retail Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Retail Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball legend David Robinson on his upbringing: "Think about all the things your grandfather did with $100." Check out the letter from Robinson to his 18-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
null
BUSINESS Wal-Mart to buy online retail newcomer Jet.com Walmart Brendan Smialowski / European Pressphoto Agency The deal for online retailer Jet.com underscores how Wal-Mart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively for younger and more affluent customers. The deal for online retailer Jet.com underscores how Wal-Mart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively for younger and more affluent customers. (Brendan Smialowski / European Pressphoto Agency) Associated Press Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is buying fast-growing online retailer Jet.com for $3 billion in cash plus $300 million in stock, scooping up a newcomer that launched a year ago with the intention of challenging online leader Amazon.com Inc. The hefty price underscores how Wal-Mart is trying to compete more aggressively and effectively for younger and more affluent customers as it has seen its online business growth slow despite big investments in distribution centers and expanding services. As part of the deal, Jet.com co-founder and Chief Executive Marc Lore will oversee both that site and walmart.com and will report to Wal-Mart CEO Doug McMillon. Lore brings to the role a rich ecommerce resume: He founded Quidsi, the parent of Diapers.com, which Amazon bought for $500 million in 2010. Analysts say the acquisition still won't enable Wal-Mart to catch up to Amazon in sales, but it will help narrow that gap and should widen the distance between Wal-Mart and other online retailers. The deal also reflects the difficulties for start-ups like Jet.com of making it on their own in a sphere Amazon dominates with its network of distribution hubs and the powerful asset of its Prime membership program. The move follows a series of other acquisitions by major traditional retailers of online start-ups: Hudson's Bay, which owns Saks Fifth Avenue, purchased flash-sales site Gilt Group, and Bed Bath & Beyond bought One Kings Lane. Caption 4 Stories You Can't Miss New York sees a surge of swastika vandalism since the election, scientists say they've found a way to give you a little extra warning before an earthquake strikes, the West Nile virus is spreading and in some cases the symptoms are dire, and one of Donald Trump's firsts tasks will be nominating a judge to replace Supreme Court justice Scalia.  New York sees a surge of swastika vandalism since the election, scientists say they've found a way to give you a little extra warning before an earthquake strikes, the West Nile virus is spreading and in some cases the symptoms are dire, and one of Donald Trump's firsts tasks will be nominating a judge to replace Supreme Court justice Scalia.  Caption 4 Stories You Can't Miss New York sees a surge of swastika vandalism since the election, scientists say they've found a way to give you a little extra warning before an earthquake strikes, the West Nile virus is spreading and in some cases the symptoms are dire, and one of Donald Trump's firsts tasks will be nominating a judge to replace Supreme Court justice Scalia.  New York sees a surge of swastika vandalism since the election, scientists say they've found a way to give you a little extra warning before an earthquake strikes, the West Nile virus is spreading and in some cases the symptoms are dire, and one of Donald Trump's firsts tasks will be nominating a judge to replace Supreme Court justice Scalia.  Caption 3 men found shot to death inside Compton park maintenance shed Three men who were found shot to death in a shed in a Compton park appear to have been squatters, sheriff’s homicide detectives said Wednesday. Three men who were found shot to death in a shed in a Compton park appear to have been squatters, sheriff’s homicide detectives said Wednesday. Caption Vin Scully receives the Presidential Medal of Freedom Vin Scully was one of many to receive the 2016 Presidential Medal of Freedom Vin Scully was one of many to receive the 2016 Presidential Medal of Freedom Caption Plane crash near Upland A small plane crashed in the hills above Upland, killing the pilot. (Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) A small plane crashed in the hills above Upland, killing the pilot. (Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss President-elect Trump released his first extended remarks since the election in a YouTube video, an Orange County health network is putting doctors in grocery stores, the range and scope of Donald Trump’s business interests are unprecedented, and Kanye West was hospitalized Monday for stress and exhaustion after a bizarre week. President-elect Trump released his first extended remarks since the election in a YouTube video, an Orange County health network is putting doctors in grocery stores, the range and scope of Donald Trump’s business interests are unprecedented, and Kanye West was hospitalized Monday for stress and exhaustion after a bizarre week. And Wal-Mart announced in June that it was forming a partnership with JD.com in China to bolster its presence in that market. “This acquisition, in tandem with its joint venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Wal-Mart is attacking online retail with significant zeal,” said Moody's lead retail analyst Charlie O'Shea. “As we believe ‘catching’ Amazon online is an unrealistic goal for any brick-and-mortar retailer, Wal-Mart now has a definite leg up on its competitors in the very important race to be No. 2 online.” As part of the deal, which Wal-Mart expects to close this year upon regulatory approval, Wal-Mart and Jet.com will maintain separate brands — for now. Walmart.com will stay focused on its low-price strategy and Jet.com will continue offering a curated assortment of products. The acquisition could help Wal-Mart grab a higher-income customer who typically is younger than its existing customers. Jet.com, launched in July 2015, sells 12 million products, from jeans to diapers, and has been growing fast. It has more than 400,000 new shoppers added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders. Wal-Mart says it will incorporate some of Jet.com's “smart” technology that lowers prices in real time by looking for ways to cut costs. It is built on a pricing algorithm that determines which sellers are the most efficient in value and shipping and adjusts prices based on what items are in the checkout cart, as well as how far the desired products are from the shopper's location. So shoppers are encouraged to add more to build a more efficient cart and buy items labeled “smart cart” for more savings. For Jet.com, which has been pouring money into splashy TV ads and other marketing, the deal should help accelerate its path to profitability. McMillon said Wal-Mart customers probably will see lower prices and new brands aimed at millennials that have been carried by Jet.com. Wal-Mart customers may also have more control over creating their own basket to save money. “We have some cool ideas on how the two brands can work together,” he said. As for perhaps merging the two sites eventually, McMillon said Wal-Mart wants to be thoughtful about how it approaches that. “This is about winning over time,” he said. Lore cited the benefits of Wal-Mart's purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint and digital assets together with Jet.com's team and technology. Jet.com delivers to two-thirds of the country overnight in its purple boxes. In some high-density regions such as New York City, it often can offer same-day delivery at no additional cost. Lore said he can see helping Wal-Mart with speeding up shipping, among other things. “I'm definitely in this for the long haul,” he said. In its fiscal year that ended in January, Wal-Mart had online sales of $13.7 billion, a fraction of its total revenue of $482.1 billion. And its online figure pales in comparison to Amazon.com's annual net revenue of $107 billion. O'Shea noted that Apple is the only bricks-and-mortar retailer that outranks Wal-Mart in online sales in the U.S. But Wal-Mart reported in May that its global ecommerce sales rose 7% in the first quarter, weaker than the 8% in the previous quarter and far below the 20% increases seen less than two years ago. So it trimmed its free-shipping pilot program ShippingPass to two-day delivery from three and cut a dollar off the membership to $49 a year in an attempt to answer Amazon's Prime program. But although Amazon's Prime membership costs $99 a year, it comes with perks that ShippingPass does not offer, such as streaming music and video and household subscriptions. O'Shea said that Wal-Mart is “paying a lot” for Jet.com, but that it’s too soon to say if it overpaid. Shares of Wal-Mart slipped 42 cents to close at $73.34 Monday. Its shares are up 3% in the last year.  ALSO Get more airline reward miles for paying less — but only for a limited time Delta resumes flying after computer outage but warns of more cancellations Is 5G technology hazardous? Early data shows a slight increase in tumors in male rats exposed to cellphone radiation UPDATES: 3:20 p.m.: This article was updated with additional details. This article was originally published at 5:55 a.m. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2016, Los Angeles Times In his first diverse pick, Trump taps South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley as U.N. ambassador 'Mystery Science Theater 3000' returns with new blood for the Turkey Day marathon How a mosquito bite led to paralysis — and turned this teacher's life upside down Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 63°
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters After the Bell Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money Four Small-Cap Banks That Merit A Close Look DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Why Walmart Just Swallowed Up Jet.com for $3 Billion Walmart announced Monday it bought Amazon rival Jet.com. Brian Sozzi Aug 8, 2016 11:55 AM EDT Updated from 9:37 a.m. to include additional details about the deal.  Walmart (WMT) has made quite the Monday morning splash. The world's largest retailer said Monday it will acquire Jet.com for $3 billion in cash. It will also give Jet.com $300 million worth of Walmart shares, which will be paid out over time. Jet.com founder Marc Lore -- a long-time e-commerce entrepreneur known for selling well-regarded online platform Quidsi to Amazon (AMZN) in 2010 -- and members of his executive team will get undisclosed management roles at the company, a source familiar with the situation told TheStreet. Lore is rumored to be ready to take the reins of Walmart's e-commerce operations. The source said Walmart had "engagement" with Jet for a "while," but didn't disclose when talks between the two companies became more serious.  In Jet, said the source, Walmart recognizes an experienced management team in digital retail. Lore in particular is an expert in the space, the source said, and he could provide very valuable knowledge on e-commerce. Walmart shares recently fell a fraction of a percentage point to $73. Wall Street seems bullish on the potential impact of Lore, too. "Quidsi was known for its industry-leading same-day delivery and warehouse optimization, attributes Amazon likely benefited from and ones that can be valuable for Walmart," wrote Morgan Stanley analyst Simeon Gutman in a new note Monday. Walmart expects the deal to close later this year. "We're looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that's what our customers want," said Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Walmart, in a statement.  McMillon added, "We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities. Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we're pursuing will happen quicker, and we'll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time. Our customers will win. It's another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart." According to the source, Walmart is particularly keen on Jet's "smart cart" technology. The technology recommends savings opportunities to customers such as increasing item quantities, buying items that ship from the same location, waiving returns and using a low-fee payment method. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Trump's Tech-Firm Target Practice As tech companies become enemies of the State, mid-cap financials are a good play. Mark Sebastian Nov 23, 2016 1:47 PM EST Here's Why Shoppers Are Headed to These 6 Retailers on Black Friday Every Black Friday is a battle for foot traffic for the nation's biggest retailers, according to a study by Foursquare. Scott Gamm Nov 23, 2016 11:29 AM EST Infographic: Everyone Thinks This Year's Holiday Shopping Season Will be Amazing From forecasters to top retail executives, the consensus is that the upcoming holiday season will be strong. Brian Sozzi Nov 23, 2016 10:25 AM EST Surging U.S. Dollar Presents Investors With Many Ways to Gain As the greenback reaches for new heights, three strategies stand out as worth pursuing. Barry Rehfeld Nov 23, 2016 9:31 AM EST You need to LOG IN to edit your watchlist. Stocks you follow Edit Authors you follow Edit My Reading List save an article here Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2016 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers

Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsThe Finalists For The Crunchies Have Been Announced Check Them Out Fundings & Exits Ashton Kutcher and Guy Oseary’s Sound Ventures back Apptopia’s next-gen app intelligence platform Albert raises $2.5 million for its finance app that helps you save money Singapore’s Spacemob lands $5.5M to expand its co-working spaces across Asia Pacific Browse more... jet What this month’s Jet.com sale means for the future of retail Meet The Startups Vying For The Crunchie For Best New Startup Of 2015 Announcing The 9th Annual Crunchies Finalists Browse more... Walmart LeEco takes on Apple, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, Tesla and Uber in US debut Walmart launches a free streaming service, Vudu Movies on Us WalmartLabs open sources the application platform that powers Walmart.com Browse more... Confirmed: Walmart buys Jet.com for $3B in cash to fight Amazon Posted Aug 8, 2016 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden) 0 SHARES Next Story As brain drain looms, new rules create roadblocks for ultra-orthodox to enter Israel’s tech sector Walmart today took its biggest step yet in its bid to compete against Amazon in the world of digital commerce: today the retail giant announced that it would be acquiring Jet.com — an online-only shopping site that has been live for a little over a year — for $3 billion in cash, plus up to $300 million in shares for the founders and others at the company. Jet.com will continue to retain a separate brand, Walmart said today, as part of Walmart’s strategy to widen the types of consumers that it targets beyond Walmart’s core user base today; and also to broaden the companies that it works with to serve those customers. Marc Lore, the CEO of Jet.com, will lead both Jet and Walmart online, taking over from Neil Ashe. “This is Walmart being even more committed to winning in e-commerce,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Walmart, in a conference call with investors, who said described the executive change was “a natural transition.” “What [Lore] has built at Jet has applications at Walmart,” he added. “The job [he will be taking over] is more focused on U.S. e-commerce and that makes sense to us.” Ashe, whose job was CEO and president of global e-commerce and technology for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., had been with the company since 2012 and had been moved over to also run Walmart Technology in January 2016, which is the division that focuses on aligning the in-store experience with the digital and virtual one. It’s not clear if Ashe will continue running that post the acquisition (we’re asking). McMillon added that although Jet.com had expected to be profitable by 2020, he said that he thought this would be sooner now under Walmart through economies of scale around shipping, employment and other kinds of supply chain management. “There is a period of investment here and we are not updating out guidance today, but we don’t have a short term mentality and focused on winning with the customer.” The deal is expected to close by the end of this year, subject to regulatory clearance. “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” said McMillon in a statement. “We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities. Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker, and we’ll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time. Our customers will win. It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart.” The news caps off a week of reports that Walmart was in talks to buy the company, with several sources telling others (and us directly) that the price tag would be precisely this amount. The deal adds a fast-growing e-commerce marketplace to the world’s biggest brick-and-mortar retailer. Walmart today has 11,527 stores in 28 countries, including brands like Sam’s Club and 63 other ‘banners’; it serves 260 million customers each week; posted $482 billion in revenue in fiscal 2016; and employs 2.3 million people (!). In its first year of operations, Walmart said, Jet.com had reached $1 billion in run-rate Gross Merchandise Value (GMV) and 12 million SKUs, as well as a customer base that is seeing 400,000 new shoppers getting added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders both from direct sales and a network of 2,400 retailer and brand partners. On Walmart’s side, it’s interesting to see the company making a move to invest so deeply into building out its e-commerce business. Walmart may be the world’s largest retailer, but it has also been downsizing in areas where it was less profitable, for example in its experiment to sell items in smaller shops branded Walmart Express. And, in continuing to try to anticipate what the next big growth area will be for the company, through its Jet.com acquisition, Walmart is once again trying to have a crack at dominating online, and also to target new customers that come along with that. In the call with press today, Walmart’s CEO McMillon described Jet.com as “more urban and more millennial than Walmart.com [and] Jet has been able to attract some brands that we don’t have at Walmart, which is one reason why we are so excited.” He said the intention is to “Keep the spirit of both brands independent [and] the essence of those brands will continue to be different over time.” Last quarter, while Walmart beat expectations on revenues and sales, the company’s CFO Brett Biggs also acknowledged that its 7 percent growth in e-commerce was not as strong as the company wanted it to be. And there has been little heard about WalmartLabs, the division of the company that was formed to focus specifically on new technologies and retailing models. “WalmartLabs is alive and well,” a spokesperson told me. “It will continue to power the technology behind our e-commerce capabilities across stores, online and mobile around the world. It’s important to note we have eCommerce sites in 11 countries under the Walmart, Sam’s Club and other brands — United States, United Kingdom, China, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Mexico, Argentina, India, Chile, and South Africa. Jet.com brings assets and capabilities that complement our existing eCommerce business.” While reports about the deal before it was announced all hinted that Marc Lore, Jet’s CEO and co-founder, would come on to run all of Walmart’s e-commerce business, this has not been confirmed in today’s announcement. (We have asked Walmart about it and the company says it’s not detailing this ‘yet’. The company’s CEO is going to host a conference call with journalists later today and we’ll update with more after that.) “We started Jet with the vision of creating a new shopping experience,” Lore said in a statement. “Today, I couldn’t be more excited that we will be joining with Walmart to help fuel the realization of that vision. The combination of Walmart’s retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint, and digital assets – together with the team, technology and business we have built here at Jet – will allow us to deliver more value to customers.” Jet.com: flying high or yet to take off? Walmart did not reveal anything about Jet.com’s total number of customers, monthly or annual revenues or profitability, but before acquisition Jet.com had projected it would remain in the red until 2020. In that regard, while the company has clearly grown fast (and with a strong cash injection), it was still young and had a lot left to prove. This is something that even McMillon acknowledged in the conference call today: he described the nature of attracting talent from startups and needing to give young companies room to grow and develop. “Marc is excited to work at Walmart and I expected we will work together for a long time,” he added. Indeed, Jet.com’s ambitions and positioning have in some ways far outstripped what the company has actually achieved in its relatively short life as a startup, with early investor interest, it seems, largely based on the strength and vision of the founding team. That team included and was led by Marc Lore, founder of Quidsi — the umbrella company for Daipers.com, Soap.com and BeautyBar.com — who then sold the company to Amazon for $545 million in 2010. Founded in 2013 by Lore, Mike Hanrahan and Nate Faust, the company had raised hundreds of millions of dollars (upwards of $500 million, but possibly more like $800 million unreported) at a steadily rising valuation before finally launching in July 2015. The $3 billion that Jet.com has now sold for, in fact, was one valuation that the company was reportedly floating for a funding round it was trying to raise for the end of last year. And more worrying for competitors, its funding rounds included investments from another company that likely keeps Amazon and Walmart up at night: Alibaba. As a startup, Jet.com has had some distinct ups and downs. When it first opened its virtual doors for business, Jet.com was modelled on the model made popular by services like Amazon Prime and Costco, where users had to be members ($50/year in Jet.com’s case) in order to shop for discounted goods on the site. That fee was dropped only three months after the site went live in order to bring in more users. Instead of offering discounts to members, Jet.com spread the discounts across the range of all its products. And there were other issues beyond scaling. For example, to increase the number of products on its platform, early on Jet.com ran into trouble with several brands after linking to their own sites without permission. Jet.com was also still very young as an enterprise, with operations only live in the U.S. However, there was at least one other domain name registered by Lore, in the U.K., which pointed potentially to at least one launch in Europe in the near future. It will be interesting to see how and if that gets accelerated under Walmart and with the massively bigger economy of scale that this brings Jet.com. Indeed, that is something that Walmart is already highlighting. “With this complementary platform and new customers, we see potential synergies in product cost, shipping, fulfillment and integration of technology platforms,” the Walmart spokesperson said. “Jet can help Walmart and Walmart can help Jet.” Updated with comments from Walmart’s CEO and spokespeople. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Walmart Founded 1962 Overview Walmart is a multinational retail corporation that operates several chains of discount department and warehouse stores. The company’s segments include Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment is a mass merchandiser of consumer products operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands as well as walmart.com. It also offers digital services such as Vudu and InstaWatch. … Location Bentonville, AR Categories E-Commerce, Retail Technology, Retail Website http://www.walmart.com Full profile for Walmart Jet Founded 2013 Overview ​Jet launched with one mission: To become the smartest way to shop and save on pretty much anything. Combining a revolutionary pricing engine, a world-class technology and fulfillment platform, and incredible customer service, we’ve set out to create a new kind of e-commerce experience — and driven by our core values of trust, transparency, and fairness, we want to make that experience more human, … Location Hoboken, NJ Categories E-Commerce, Retail Technology, Retail, Software Founders Marc Lore Website http://www.jet.com/ Full profile for Jet Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla and SolarCity-powered Island | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes jet Walmart Fundings & Exits Popular Posts Featured Stories The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 4 hours ago | Brian Heater Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 18 hours ago | Devin Coldewey, Contributor Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 19 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Facebook built censorship tool to get into China despite human rights risks 19 hours ago | Josh Constine Latest From TechCrunch Ashton Kutcher and Guy Oseary’s Sound Ventures back Apptopia’s next-gen app intelligence platform 1 hour ago | Sarah Perez Amazon acquired patents, employees from Biba, reportedly plans new video chat service 1 hour ago | Ingrid Lunden UK wants to censor ‘non-conventional’ sex videos 1 hour ago | John Biggs Security researchers can turn headphones into microphones 2 hours ago | John Biggs Comment moderation powered by Up Next As brain drain looms, new rules create roadblocks for ultra-orthodox to enter Israel’s tech sector Posted Aug 8, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings CRM Berater (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) C++ Developer - Qt Product Development (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) Full Stack Engineer at FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) UI Engineering @ FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 18 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Ditto is now in Pokémon GO 18 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Apple teases a one-day Black Friday sale, a reversal from last year’s decision to sit out yesterday by Sarah Perez The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 4 hours ago by Brian Heater Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live yesterday by Frederic Lardinois Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 19 hours ago by Lora Kolodny Lovely is finally shipping the Fitbit for sexy times 3 hours ago by John Biggs Ashton Kutcher and Guy Oseary’s Sound Ventures back Apptopia’s next-gen app intelligence platform 1 hour ago by Sarah Perez Amazon acquired patents, employees from Biba, reportedly plans new video chat service 1 hour ago by Ingrid Lunden
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 19069.75 0.24%   S&P 500 ▲ 2202.07 -0.04%   Nasdaq ▲ 5370.04 -0.30%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ -15/32 yield 2.367%   Crude Oil ▲ 48.06 0.06%   Euro ▲ 1.0548 -0.74%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Eli Lilly Alzheimer’s Drug Fails Trial; Shares Plunge Samsung Offices Raided by South Korean Prosecutors GE Appliance Workers Reject Contract Offer From Chinese Owner For Department Stores, the Big Lure on Black Friday: $19.99 Boots Dry-Bulk Shipping Owners Get Reprieve as Rates Rebound As Subcompacts Languish, Price Is Slashed on Fiat 500s Cadillac Delays Controversial Dealership Plan Lufthansa Cancels Flights as Pilot Strike Begins China Circuit China’s Venture Firms Seek U.S. Deals P&amp;G Caught in 400-Year-Old Feud Over Water Rights Memoirs of Megyn Kelly, Bernie Sanders Selling Briskly Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Wal-Mart to Acquire Jet.com for $3.3 Billion in Cash, Stock Deal marks a significant shift in how Wal-Mart approaches e-commerce Wal-Mart will buy online retailer Jet.com in a $3.3 billion cash and stock deal, the largest-ever purchase of a U.S. e-commerce startup. WSJ's Rolfe Winkler has detail on Lunch Break with Tanya Rivero. Photo: Bloomberg By Sarah Nassauer Sarah Nassauer The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographySarah Nassauer @sarahnassauer sarahnassauer Sarah.Nassauer@wsj.com Updated Aug. 8, 2016 7:05 p.m. ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. signed a $3.3 billion deal to buy web retailer Jet.com Inc., bringing in some outside help to jump-start growth at the retail giant’s e-commerce operations. The deal is the largest ever purchase of a U.S. e-commerce startup and a sign Wal-Mart Chief Executive Doug McMillon sees the shift to online shopping and the expansion of Amazon.com Inc. as existential threats to the company’s five decades of growth.... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Best Tech Gifts 2016 Trump Can Bypass Conflict of Interest Laws. Here's Why Opinion Journal: Hamilton Wrongs How Did the Dow Cross 19000? Opinion Journal: Obama's Tehran Bribes Most Popular Articles Romney Leads Trump’s Picks for Secretary of State Opinion: Democrats Are Obsessed With Race. Donald Trump Isn’t Opinion: Democracy’s Verdict on Clinton Most Students Don’t Know When News Is Fake, Stanford Study Finds Donald Trump’s Foundation Engaged in Self-Dealing, IRS Filing Shows Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Home Home Home Home Home Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Home Home Home Home Home Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Subscribe Login Slight chance of snow / Tonight's low: 26° The Gazette 2014 Pulitzer Prize Winner News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Us Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Colorado Springs man files lawsuit against Fort Carson color guard Cook, carve and chow - Fort Carson soldiers prep food for Salvation Army Thanksgiving meals Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Popular Top Sports Stories Olympics David Ramsey Paul Klee Woody Paige Brent Briggeman Blog Joe Paisley Blog Paul Klee Blog Pro Teams Broncos Avalanche Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Nuggets College Teams Air Force Academy Colorado College UCCS Preps Coverage Preps Peak Performers Preps Game of the Week Woody Paige: Tony Romo ever playing quarterback for the Broncos is nonsense Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Colorado Springs cost of living rises for second consecutive quarter Vectrus wins $20 million contract extension for Air Force in Alabama Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight Gazette seeks recipes for Holiday Dessert Recipe Contest Live Well: Yoga can help heal plantar fasciitis Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Top US civilian honor goes to 21 artists, athletes, others The 'Gilmore Girls' revival is far from perfect, but luckily for Netflix, fans won't care Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election 2016 Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Dalai Lama: 'No Worries' About Trump Sources: Trump Taps Gov. Haley For UN Ambassador Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Business Spotlight Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News Breaking News Woman dies after being shot during hostage situation in Security-Widefield area News: Local News 2 Colorado Springs high school students missing after summiting Colorado's Mount of the Holy Cross Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - 11:16 AM 0 Two Coronado High School students are missing Wednesday after a hike at Mount Holy Cross in Eagle County. Tommy Hendricks, 18, and Matt Smith, 17, called... Colorado Springs police urge precautions amid holiday shopping Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - 6:09 AM 0 Police are hoping a set of safety tips will keep Colorado Springs crime-free this holiday season. This time of year, people are often shopping more frequently or... Colorado public interest group calls attention to recalled children's products News: Local News Neighbor praised for reporting suspicious behavior at Colorado Springs ministry Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - 11:53 AM 0 A report of a suspicious person at a Colorado Springs-based ministry serving impoverished children turned out to be a false alarm, police said Wednesday.... Colorado Springs council passes budget with changed benefits for police, firefighters Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - 6:18 AM 0 The City of Colorado Springs will operate in 2017 on a $272.4 million general fund budget, the... Colorado Springs man files lawsuit against Fort Carson color guard Wed, Nov 23, 2016 - 6:36 AM 0 A Colorado Springs man claims in a lawsuit against the United States that he was beaten by a... Latest Local Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, music and shopping top the list for this weekend By: Linda Navarro - 10 min ago Woman dies after being shot during hostage situation in Security-Widefield area By: Kaitlin Durbin - 22 min ago 157 Colorado Springs-area holiday events 33 min ago Holiday week brings uptick in traffic around Colorado Springs By: Rachel Riley - 47 min ago Putting the "Thanks" back in Thanksgiving By: VINCE BZDEK vince.bzdek@gazette.com - 1 hr ago 33rd iteration of Empty Stocking Fund kicks off Thursday to benefit Colorado Springs-area nonprofits By: Jakob Rodgers - 1 hr ago Sunshine pushes cold out of Colorado Springs to finish out Thanksgiving week By: Ellie Mulder - 3 hr ago Top Stories Boys' Golf Peak Performer of the Year: Luke Trujillo, Discovery Canyon By: JUSTIN SHAW preps@gazette.com - 1 hr ago Air Force's Jalen Robinette wouldn't be first prolific receiver from an option offense to get an NFL shot By: Brent Briggeman - 1 hr ago EDITORIAL: Federal government fines Denver sheriff By: The Gazette editorial board - 1 hr ago Ralph Branca, pitcher who gave up 'Shot Heard 'Round World,' dies By: The Associated Press - 2 hr ago Education Secretary King calls for end to paddling students By: Carolyn Thompson, Associated Press - 3 hr ago Trump taps SC Gov Nikki Haley to be ambassador to UN By: The Associated Press - 4 hr ago EDITORIAL: Experts link homeless surge to pot By: The Gazette Editorial Board - 5 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries A Look Back Our 30 favorite sports movies Holiday Homecoming Discovery Canyon vs. Fort Morgan Football Lewis-Palmer vs Silver Creek Sleeping outside for homeless teens Pets are people, too: 13+ Christmas presents for cats, dogs and more 31st Annual Medal of Valor Luncheon 10 toys and gadgets most likely to sell out this Black Friday 12 new Christmas movies to watch this November November snow finally arrives in Colorado Springs Lombardi Trophies Thrill Memorial Patients A Look Back 27 ways to celebrate the holiday season in Colorado Springs and beyond Ormao Dance Company: 'PREPRESS' Supermoon 2016 Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College 2016 winter fun guide: Colorado ski areas TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area 15 Veterans Day freebies to snag around Colorado Springs A Look Back Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 10 min ago Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, music and shopping top the list for this weekend 22 min ago Woman dies after being shot during hostage situation in Security-Widefield area 33 min ago 157 Colorado Springs-area holiday events 47 min ago Holiday week brings uptick in traffic around Colorado Springs 1 hr ago Putting the "Thanks" back in Thanksgiving 1 hr ago 33rd iteration of Empty Stocking Fund kicks off Thursday to benefit Colorado Springs-area nonprofits 3 hr ago Sunshine pushes cold out of Colorado Springs to finish out Thanksgiving week Most Read Democrats won't be able to block Trump appointments due to rules they imposed EDITORIAL: Experts link homeless surge to pot Colorado Springs set to host party to celebrate reopening of Manitou Incline Colorado Springs council passes budget with changed benefits for police, firefighters Colorado Springs man files lawsuit against Fort Carson color guard 2 Colorado Springs high school students missing after summiting Colorado's Mount of the Holy Cross Harassment or Hail Mary? Electors feel besieged Driver intentionally dumped 1,000 bushels of corn on highway, authorities say One month after Colorado Springs flight, War World II pilot Frank Royal dies First a polar bear petted a dog. Then a polar bear did what polar bears do: Ate a dog Sports 1 hr ago The Gazette 2016 Boys' Golf All-Area teams 1 hr ago Boys' Golf Peak Performer of the Year: Luke Trujillo, Discovery Canyon 1 hr ago Air Force's Jalen Robinette wouldn't be first prolific receiver from an option offense to get an NFL shot 2 hr ago Ralph Branca, pitcher who gave up 'Shot Heard 'Round World,' dies 5 hr ago NHL expansion team gets a name: Vegas Golden Knights 13 hr ago Lodeiro gives Seattle win over Colorado in West finals 13 hr ago Toohey's 22 points powers Air Force past Stetson Business 8 min ago Splurge or save? Holiday spending may hinge on how you voted 14 min ago The Latest: Thanksgiving meal set for pipeline protesters 19 min ago Gov't wants phone makers to lock out most apps for drivers 25 min ago Americans hitting roads for busy Thanksgiving holiday 49 min ago Thanksgiving travel expected to be heaviest since 2007 1 hr ago Fact sheet: 2017 Buick Envision 1 hr ago America's first Chinese-built SUV is a Buick Envision Opinion 1 hr ago EDITORIAL: Federal government fines Denver sheriff 5 hr ago EDITORIAL: Experts link homeless surge to pot 5 hr ago LETTERS: That is not racism; legislature should address suicide Yesterday LETTERS: Trash haulers littering; wide range of support Tue, Nov 22, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: The economic importance of travel and tourism Mon, Nov 21, 2016 LETTERS: Support for our beloved veterans; all these open connections Mon, Nov 21, 2016 EDITORIAL: Legal marijuana may be doomed next year Elections 18 hr ago Trump begins backing off campaign vows on Clinton, climate 22 hr ago Most voters want Trump to shutter his personal Twitter account 22 hr ago Trump faces hurdles to reinstating waterboarding Yesterday Harassment or Hail Mary? Electors feel besieged Fri, Nov 18, 2016 Election sees record turnout in El Paso County, Colorado Thu, Nov 17, 2016 The kids aren't all right: Educators grapple with post-election tensions Thu, Nov 17, 2016 Facebook fake-news writer: ‘I think Donald Trump is in the White House because of me’ Around the Web 3 hr ago Education Secretary King calls for end to paddling students 4 hr ago Blue pills in Blue House: S. Korea leader explains Viagra 14 hr ago Thanksgiving in space: turkey, green beans & even football 14 hr ago Trump's grandfather 'kicked out of Germany for avoiding military service' 19 hr ago Judge asks US to reconsider passport for intersex Colorado resident 20 hr ago Network confirms Kanye West is hospitalized in Los Angeles 21 hr ago First a polar bear petted a dog. Then a polar bear did what polar bears do: Ate a dog Latest Videos Dalai Lama: 'No Worries' About Trump Sources: Trump Taps Gov. Haley For UN Ambassador Pikes Peak region forecast Pikes Peak region forecast Obama Awards Medal of Freedom to Artists, Others Star-Studded Mannequin Challenge at White House Donated Thanksgiving Hope for thousands at Marian House Fort Carson teams up with Salvation Army to feed thousands Gary Busey makes New York stage debut playing serial killer in 'Perfect Crime' White Nationalists Give Nazi Salute at Speech Trump Back-Pedals on Clinton Probe, Meets Media Pikes Peak region forecast Sports Latest Sports The Gazette 2016 Boys' Golf All-Area teams1 hr ago Boys' Golf Peak Performer of the Year: Luke Trujillo, Discovery Canyon1 hr ago Air Force's Jalen Robinette wouldn't be first prolific receiver from an option offense to get an NFL shot1 hr ago Ralph Branca, pitcher who gave up 'Shot Heard 'Round World,' dies2 hr ago Broncos David Ramsey: John Elway talks about the wonder, and agony, of golf53 min ago Ramsey blog: John Elway talks about Broncos' 7-3 start1 hr ago Woody Paige: Tony Romo ever playing quarterback for the Broncos is nonsense15 hr ago Klee blog: Broncos narrowly miss best bye week in NFL history18 hr ago Photo Galleries Our 30 favorite sports movies Discovery Canyon vs. Fort Morgan Football Lewis-Palmer vs Silver Creek Broncos vs. Saints Lewis-Palmer wins third 4A state volleyball title in four years AFA 49, CSU 46 TCA wins first 4A boys soccer championship Discovery Canyon 48 - Skyview 0 Air Force vs. Rochester Institute of Technology Hockey Air Force vs. McPherson College TCA heading to state soccer finals High school signing day in the Colorado Springs area Peak Performers 2016-17 Denver Broncos vs. Oakland Raiders TCA 2, Denver West 0 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Federal government fines Denver sheriff1 hr ago EDITORIAL: Experts link homeless surge to pot5 hr ago EDITORIAL: Legal marijuana may be doomed next yearMon, Nov 21, 2016 Trump Democrats are for realSat, Nov 19, 2016 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: That is not racism; legislature should address suicide5 hr ago LETTERS: Trash haulers littering; wide range of supportYesterday LETTERS: Support for our beloved veterans; all these open connectionsMon, Nov 21, 2016 LETTERS: Denver a marijuana haven?; reintroduce the gray wolvesSun, Nov 20, 2016 Columns GUEST COLUMN: The economic importance of travel and tourismTue, Nov 22, 2016 Founding Fathers' separation of powers still serves America wellFri, Nov 18, 2016 GUEST COLUMN: A bailout Coloradans can't affordThu, Nov 17, 2016 FAGIN: Electoral College protects against tyrannyThu, Nov 17, 2016 Local News Local News Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, music and shopping top the list for this weekend10 min ago 157 Colorado Springs-area holiday events34 min ago Holiday week brings uptick in traffic around Colorado Springs47 min ago Putting the "Thanks" back in Thanksgiving1 hr ago Local and State Politics EPA wants to keep treatment plant running after Colorado mine spill18 hr ago Sulfur-dioxide emissions from Drake plant violated federal standards, attorney saysYesterday US: Denver sheriff illegally excluded non-citizens in hiringMon, Nov 21, 2016 Calvin Shivers named new leader of FBI's Denver officeMon, Nov 21, 2016 Local Business Colorado Springs cost of living rises for second consecutive quarter5 hr ago Colorado Springs woman received governor's citizenship award14 hr ago Ted Rayburn: Fresh faces among Colorado Springs' business leadersSun, Nov 20, 2016 Opponents say barring pot use in Denver businesses unwiseSat, Nov 19, 2016 More Top Reads Nation and World A year after Laquan McDonald video, Chicago's reforms unevenWed, Nov 23, 2016 Lufthansa pilot strike forces 1,800 flight cancelations3 min ago Charlie Hebdo goes German5 min ago 7 bodies found in Mexico clandestine grave6 min ago Military Q&A: Why Justice Dept. operates independent of White House4 min ago No. 20 Boise State needs help to capture division title26 min ago A look at the last 4 US ambassadors to the United Nations31 min ago Estonia Navy chief resigns over contraband smuggling scandal3 hr ago Blogs Klee blog: Broncos narrowly miss best bye week in NFL history18 hr ago CC hockey announces fifth November signee19 hr ago Local high schools fare well in regional math competitionsYesterday Video Game Haiku Review - Hack the system in 'Watch Dogs 2'Yesterday Crime and Justice Local Crime Woman dies after being shot during hostage situation in Security-Widefield area23 min ago Man suspected of two Colorado Springs robberies within 30 minutes4 hr ago Man reportedly attempts to rob two Colorado Springs businesses in half an hour5 hr ago Colorado Springs police release ID of man shot at betting parlor during alleged robbery13 hr ago National Crime Day-care owner hangs toddler, then takes minivan on rampage through MinneapolisMon, Nov 21, 2016 Texas, Missouri, officers shot in ambushesMon, Nov 21, 2016 St. Louis police officer shot in 'ambush' attack, chief saysMon, Nov 21, 2016 San Antonio police officer fatally shot while writing ticketSun, Nov 20, 2016 Life Life 157 Colorado Springs-area holiday events34 min ago Gazette seeks recipes for Holiday Dessert Recipe Contest4 hr ago Colorado Springs area cooking classes and events starting Nov. 23, 2016Wed, Nov 23, 2016 Give thanks for this turkey sandwich with cranberry sauce7 hr ago Arts and Entertainment Must See Must Do: Holiday lights, music and shopping top the list for this weekend10 min ago Celebrity birthdays for Nov. 23, 2016Wed, Nov 23, 2016 The 'Gilmore Girls' revival is far from perfect, but luckily for Netflix, fans won't careWed, Nov 23, 2016 For Kanye West, a swirling, eventful year ends in a hospital15 hr ago Religion The ’Splainer: Gluttony and the Seven Deadly Sins19 hr ago Religious groups to Obama: Dismantle immigration registry’s framework19 hr ago How Hispanics helped put Trump in the White House19 hr ago Reform and Conservative Jews try a new tactic in battle for Israeli religious pluralism19 hr ago National National Politics Q&A: Why Justice Dept. operates independent of White House4 min ago State police close investigation into speaker's campaign37 min ago Trump Justice Dept. could shift drug prosecution policies1 hr ago Utah lawmaker wins re-election by 3 votes2 hr ago National Business Splurge or save? Holiday spending may hinge on how you voted9 min ago The Latest: Thanksgiving meal set for pipeline protesters15 min ago Americans hitting roads for busy Thanksgiving holiday26 min ago Thanksgiving travel expected to be heaviest since 200751 min ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2016 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
null
null
Menu Search Follow Us Facebook Instagram Twitter Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS More Youtube Flipboard LinkedIn Google+ RSS Got a tip? Let us know. News Channels Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Topics All Galleries All Timelines Video Shows Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 Gadgets Reviews Interviews TC Features All Shows All Videos Events TechCrunch Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store News About Mobile World Congress CES All Events Crunchbase Trending Tesla Google Facebook News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Message Us Search TechCrunch Search TechCrunch Search Search × Hi! You are about to activate our Facebook Messenger news bot. Once subscribed, the bot will send you a digest of trending stories once a day. You can also customize the types of stories it sends you. Click on the button below to subscribe and wait for a new Facebook message from the TC Messenger news bot. Thanks, TC Team 10th Annual Crunchies AwardsThe Finalists For The Crunchies Have Been Announced Check Them Out Fundings & Exits Ashton Kutcher and Guy Oseary’s Sound Ventures back Apptopia’s next-gen app intelligence platform Albert raises $2.5 million for its finance app that helps you save money Singapore’s Spacemob lands $5.5M to expand its co-working spaces across Asia Pacific Browse more... jet What this month’s Jet.com sale means for the future of retail Meet The Startups Vying For The Crunchie For Best New Startup Of 2015 Announcing The 9th Annual Crunchies Finalists Browse more... Walmart LeEco takes on Apple, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, Tesla and Uber in US debut Walmart launches a free streaming service, Vudu Movies on Us WalmartLabs open sources the application platform that powers Walmart.com Browse more... Confirmed: Walmart buys Jet.com for $3B in cash to fight Amazon Posted Aug 8, 2016 by Ingrid Lunden (@ingridlunden) 0 SHARES Next Story As brain drain looms, new rules create roadblocks for ultra-orthodox to enter Israel’s tech sector Walmart today took its biggest step yet in its bid to compete against Amazon in the world of digital commerce: today the retail giant announced that it would be acquiring Jet.com — an online-only shopping site that has been live for a little over a year — for $3 billion in cash, plus up to $300 million in shares for the founders and others at the company. Jet.com will continue to retain a separate brand, Walmart said today, as part of Walmart’s strategy to widen the types of consumers that it targets beyond Walmart’s core user base today; and also to broaden the companies that it works with to serve those customers. Marc Lore, the CEO of Jet.com, will lead both Jet and Walmart online, taking over from Neil Ashe. “This is Walmart being even more committed to winning in e-commerce,” said Doug McMillon, president and CEO of Walmart, in a conference call with investors, who said described the executive change was “a natural transition.” “What [Lore] has built at Jet has applications at Walmart,” he added. “The job [he will be taking over] is more focused on U.S. e-commerce and that makes sense to us.” Ashe, whose job was CEO and president of global e-commerce and technology for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., had been with the company since 2012 and had been moved over to also run Walmart Technology in January 2016, which is the division that focuses on aligning the in-store experience with the digital and virtual one. It’s not clear if Ashe will continue running that post the acquisition (we’re asking). McMillon added that although Jet.com had expected to be profitable by 2020, he said that he thought this would be sooner now under Walmart through economies of scale around shipping, employment and other kinds of supply chain management. “There is a period of investment here and we are not updating out guidance today, but we don’t have a short term mentality and focused on winning with the customer.” The deal is expected to close by the end of this year, subject to regulatory clearance. “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want,” said McMillon in a statement. “We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities. Walmart.com will grow faster, the seamless shopping experience we’re pursuing will happen quicker, and we’ll enable the Jet brand to be even more successful in a shorter period of time. Our customers will win. It’s another jolt of entrepreneurial spirit being injected into Walmart.” The news caps off a week of reports that Walmart was in talks to buy the company, with several sources telling others (and us directly) that the price tag would be precisely this amount. The deal adds a fast-growing e-commerce marketplace to the world’s biggest brick-and-mortar retailer. Walmart today has 11,527 stores in 28 countries, including brands like Sam’s Club and 63 other ‘banners’; it serves 260 million customers each week; posted $482 billion in revenue in fiscal 2016; and employs 2.3 million people (!). In its first year of operations, Walmart said, Jet.com had reached $1 billion in run-rate Gross Merchandise Value (GMV) and 12 million SKUs, as well as a customer base that is seeing 400,000 new shoppers getting added monthly and an average of 25,000 daily processed orders both from direct sales and a network of 2,400 retailer and brand partners. On Walmart’s side, it’s interesting to see the company making a move to invest so deeply into building out its e-commerce business. Walmart may be the world’s largest retailer, but it has also been downsizing in areas where it was less profitable, for example in its experiment to sell items in smaller shops branded Walmart Express. And, in continuing to try to anticipate what the next big growth area will be for the company, through its Jet.com acquisition, Walmart is once again trying to have a crack at dominating online, and also to target new customers that come along with that. In the call with press today, Walmart’s CEO McMillon described Jet.com as “more urban and more millennial than Walmart.com [and] Jet has been able to attract some brands that we don’t have at Walmart, which is one reason why we are so excited.” He said the intention is to “Keep the spirit of both brands independent [and] the essence of those brands will continue to be different over time.” Last quarter, while Walmart beat expectations on revenues and sales, the company’s CFO Brett Biggs also acknowledged that its 7 percent growth in e-commerce was not as strong as the company wanted it to be. And there has been little heard about WalmartLabs, the division of the company that was formed to focus specifically on new technologies and retailing models. “WalmartLabs is alive and well,” a spokesperson told me. “It will continue to power the technology behind our e-commerce capabilities across stores, online and mobile around the world. It’s important to note we have eCommerce sites in 11 countries under the Walmart, Sam’s Club and other brands — United States, United Kingdom, China, Brazil, Canada, Japan, Mexico, Argentina, India, Chile, and South Africa. Jet.com brings assets and capabilities that complement our existing eCommerce business.” While reports about the deal before it was announced all hinted that Marc Lore, Jet’s CEO and co-founder, would come on to run all of Walmart’s e-commerce business, this has not been confirmed in today’s announcement. (We have asked Walmart about it and the company says it’s not detailing this ‘yet’. The company’s CEO is going to host a conference call with journalists later today and we’ll update with more after that.) “We started Jet with the vision of creating a new shopping experience,” Lore said in a statement. “Today, I couldn’t be more excited that we will be joining with Walmart to help fuel the realization of that vision. The combination of Walmart’s retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint, and digital assets – together with the team, technology and business we have built here at Jet – will allow us to deliver more value to customers.” Jet.com: flying high or yet to take off? Walmart did not reveal anything about Jet.com’s total number of customers, monthly or annual revenues or profitability, but before acquisition Jet.com had projected it would remain in the red until 2020. In that regard, while the company has clearly grown fast (and with a strong cash injection), it was still young and had a lot left to prove. This is something that even McMillon acknowledged in the conference call today: he described the nature of attracting talent from startups and needing to give young companies room to grow and develop. “Marc is excited to work at Walmart and I expected we will work together for a long time,” he added. Indeed, Jet.com’s ambitions and positioning have in some ways far outstripped what the company has actually achieved in its relatively short life as a startup, with early investor interest, it seems, largely based on the strength and vision of the founding team. That team included and was led by Marc Lore, founder of Quidsi — the umbrella company for Daipers.com, Soap.com and BeautyBar.com — who then sold the company to Amazon for $545 million in 2010. Founded in 2013 by Lore, Mike Hanrahan and Nate Faust, the company had raised hundreds of millions of dollars (upwards of $500 million, but possibly more like $800 million unreported) at a steadily rising valuation before finally launching in July 2015. The $3 billion that Jet.com has now sold for, in fact, was one valuation that the company was reportedly floating for a funding round it was trying to raise for the end of last year. And more worrying for competitors, its funding rounds included investments from another company that likely keeps Amazon and Walmart up at night: Alibaba. As a startup, Jet.com has had some distinct ups and downs. When it first opened its virtual doors for business, Jet.com was modelled on the model made popular by services like Amazon Prime and Costco, where users had to be members ($50/year in Jet.com’s case) in order to shop for discounted goods on the site. That fee was dropped only three months after the site went live in order to bring in more users. Instead of offering discounts to members, Jet.com spread the discounts across the range of all its products. And there were other issues beyond scaling. For example, to increase the number of products on its platform, early on Jet.com ran into trouble with several brands after linking to their own sites without permission. Jet.com was also still very young as an enterprise, with operations only live in the U.S. However, there was at least one other domain name registered by Lore, in the U.K., which pointed potentially to at least one launch in Europe in the near future. It will be interesting to see how and if that gets accelerated under Walmart and with the massively bigger economy of scale that this brings Jet.com. Indeed, that is something that Walmart is already highlighting. “With this complementary platform and new customers, we see potential synergies in product cost, shipping, fulfillment and integration of technology platforms,” the Walmart spokesperson said. “Jet can help Walmart and Walmart can help Jet.” Updated with comments from Walmart’s CEO and spokespeople. 0 SHARES Advertisement Advertisement Crunchbase Walmart Founded 1962 Overview Walmart is a multinational retail corporation that operates several chains of discount department and warehouse stores. The company’s segments include Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment is a mass merchandiser of consumer products operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands as well as walmart.com. It also offers digital services such as Vudu and InstaWatch. … Location Bentonville, AR Categories E-Commerce, Retail Technology, Retail Website http://www.walmart.com Full profile for Walmart Jet Founded 2013 Overview ​Jet launched with one mission: To become the smartest way to shop and save on pretty much anything. Combining a revolutionary pricing engine, a world-class technology and fulfillment platform, and incredible customer service, we’ve set out to create a new kind of e-commerce experience — and driven by our core values of trust, transparency, and fairness, we want to make that experience more human, … Location Hoboken, NJ Categories E-Commerce, Retail Technology, Retail, Software Founders Marc Lore Website http://www.jet.com/ Full profile for Jet Newsletter Subscriptions The Daily Crunch Get the top tech stories of the day delivered to your inbox TC Weekly Roundup Get a weekly recap of the biggest tech stories Crunchbase Daily The latest startup funding announcements Enter Address Subscribe Latest Crunch Report Tesla and SolarCity-powered Island | Crunch Report Watch More Episodes jet Walmart Fundings & Exits Popular Posts Featured Stories The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 4 hours ago | Brian Heater Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 18 hours ago | Devin Coldewey, Contributor Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 19 hours ago | Lora Kolodny Facebook built censorship tool to get into China despite human rights risks 19 hours ago | Josh Constine Latest From TechCrunch Ashton Kutcher and Guy Oseary’s Sound Ventures back Apptopia’s next-gen app intelligence platform 1 hour ago | Sarah Perez Amazon acquired patents, employees from Biba, reportedly plans new video chat service 1 hour ago | Ingrid Lunden UK wants to censor ‘non-conventional’ sex videos 1 hour ago | John Biggs Security researchers can turn headphones into microphones 2 hours ago | John Biggs Comment moderation powered by Up Next As brain drain looms, new rules create roadblocks for ultra-orthodox to enter Israel’s tech sector Posted Aug 8, 2016 CrunchBoard Job Listings CRM Berater (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) C++ Developer - Qt Product Development (m/f) at eGym GmbH (München, Deutschland) Full Stack Engineer at FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) UI Engineering @ FactorChain at The Sourcery (Los Altos, CA, United States) Senior Backend Engineer @ MeetMe at The Sourcery (San Francisco, CA, United States) More from CrunchBoard Advertisement TechCrunch News Video Events Crunchbase TechCrunch Store About Staff Contact Us Advertise With Us Send Us A Tip International China Europe Japan Follow TechCrunch Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Youtube Pinterest Tumblr Instagram StumbleUpon Feed TechCrunch Apps iOS Android Windows 8 Subscribe to The Daily Crunch Latest headlines delivered to you daily Subscribe to <span class="no-mobile">Subscribe to </span>The Daily Crunch Enter Email Address Subscribe © 2013-2016 AOL Inc. All rights reserved. Aol Tech Privacy Policy About Our Ads Anti Harassment Policy Terms of Service Powered by WordPress.com VIP Fonts by News Startups Mobile Gadgets Enterprise Social Europe Asia Crunch Network Unicorn Leaderboard Gift Guides All Galleries All Timelines Videos Apps News Crunch Report Disrupt SF 2016 All Shows All Videos Events Disrupt Startup Battlefield Crunchies Meetups International City Events Hackathon Include NFL’s 1ST and Future TechCrunch Store All Events Crunchbase Message Us Most Popular Google’s AI translation tool seems to have invented its own secret internal language 18 hours ago by Devin Coldewey Ditto is now in Pokémon GO 18 hours ago by Greg Kumparak Apple teases a one-day Black Friday sale, a reversal from last year’s decision to sit out yesterday by Sarah Perez The OnePlus 3T makes one of Android’s best bets even better 4 hours ago by Brian Heater Google’s redesigned Google Sites goes live yesterday by Frederic Lardinois Starbucks starts selling Ember mugs, which keep your drink at a steady temp for hours 19 hours ago by Lora Kolodny Lovely is finally shipping the Fitbit for sexy times 3 hours ago by John Biggs Ashton Kutcher and Guy Oseary’s Sound Ventures back Apptopia’s next-gen app intelligence platform 1 hour ago by Sarah Perez Amazon acquired patents, employees from Biba, reportedly plans new video chat service 1 hour ago by Ingrid Lunden
null
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 IT'S OFFICIAL: Walmart is buying Jet.com for $3 billion Portia Crowe Aug. 8, 2016, 8:34 AM 24,639 facebook linkedin twitter email print Marc Lore, the CEO and founder of Jet.com.Jet Walmart is buying Jet.com in the largest e-commerce acquisition in history. Walmart will pay about $3 billion in cash plus about $300 million of Walmart shares for the two-year-old e-commerce site. "We're looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment, and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that's what our customers want," Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said in a statement. Jet.com CEO and cofounder Marc Lore will continue to play a key role at the company, according to CNBC. He owns about a quarter of Jet.com and could make as much as $750 million from the deal, according to Recode. "The combination of Walmart's retail expertise, purchasing scale, sourcing capabilities, distribution footprint, and digital assets — together with the team, technology, and business we have built here at Jet — will allow us to deliver more value to customers," Lore said in the statement. He previously cofounded Quidsi, which runs the e-commerce sites Diapers.com, Soap.com, and Wag.com. As Business Insider's Eugene Kim previously reported, the deal should help boost Walmart's online business, which has struggled to gain much traction against Amazon, the market leader. Walmart has generated about $14 billion in annual e-commerce sales, compared with Amazon's $99 billion in annual revenue. Reuters/Rick Wilking Jet.com, which has raised more than $500 million, has tried to position itself as an Amazon competitor, reportedly having set a goal to become a $40 billion company within five years. It was most recently valued at about $1 billion. Jet.com's products are typically priced 10% to 15% lower than those of its competitors, though that costs tens of millions of dollars a month in marketing. The company recently pivoted away from a $50-a-year subscription model in hopes of reaching more customers, which put even more pressure on its cost structure. Walmart and Jet.com will maintain distinct brands, according to Monday's statement, with Walmart.com focusing on its everyday-low-price strategy and Jet providing a "unique and differentiated customer experience with curated assortment." Allen & Co. and JPMorgan advised Walmart on the deal, which is expected to close sometime this year, pending regulatory approval. Walmart will release second-quarter earnings on August 18. SEE ALSO: Why Walmart's new $3 billion weapon could pose a huge threat to Amazon NOW WATCH: The real estate tricks billionaires use to sell their penthouses faster and for more money Loading video... More: Mergers And Acquisitions Jet.com Walmart facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru IT'S OFFICIAL: Walmart is buying Jet.com for $3 billion IT'S OFFICIAL: Walmart is buying Jet.com for $3 billion Walmart is buying Jet.com in the largest... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Finance Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Finance Select Business Insider Select More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball legend David Robinson on his upbringing: "Think about all the things your grandfather did with $100." Check out the letter from Robinson to his 18-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
The Atlantic Subscribe Search Menu Can a North Dakota Oil Town Break the Boom-Bust Cycle? Close Home Latest Most Popular Magazine Video Photo Writers News Politics Business Culture Science Technology Health Sexes U.S. Society Education Global Notes Projects Next America Events Books Shop Your AccountLog Out Log InCreate Account 2 Free Issues Try two trial issues of The Atlantic with our compliments. Claim now Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store See our Newsletters > Can a North Dakota Oil Town Break the Boom-Bust Cycle? With gas prices having plummeted, the residents and leaders of Williston are left wondering if their city can turn short-term gains into long-term growth. A pipeline network outside of Williston, North Dakota Shannon Stapletone / Reuters Most Popular The Trump Takeover The Editors 7:15 AM ET 'Hail Trump!': White Nationalists Salute the President Elect Daniel Lombroso and Yoni Appelbaum Nov 21, 2016 The Running Conversation in Your Head Julie Beck 7:00 AM ET The Electoral College Was Meant to Stop Men Like Trump From Being President Peter Beinart Nov 21, 2016 What’s So Great About American World Leadership? Hugh White 10:41 AM ET David J. Unger Aug 8, 2016 Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size WILLISTON, N.D.—Downtown is back to normal. There are little cafés, gift shops stocked with knick knacks, and a J.C. Penney’s. The Miss North Dakota parade recently marched down Main Street. On a recent Tuesday night, a city commission considered Cugini Italian Bistro’s application for an alcoholic beverage license. Things are quiet here, and if it weren’t for the rows of new, empty houses circling the outskirts of town, and the gas flares winking on the horizon, one would never know this was the site of an oil boom. Williston, N.D.—or, Boomtown, U.S.A., as local tourism materials call it—is synecdochic for U.S. shale country, where oil firms mastered a decades-old drilling technique and flooded the market with American oil. Then came the bust. Oil prices collapsed in an oversupplied market, and the frac trucks left Williston as quickly as they came. Now, it seems everyone in Williston is waiting (and hoping) for $60 oil again—a bar near my hotel listed the price of oil alongside its daily specials. Ideally, Williston would have diversified its economy, but ultimately it is an oil town and many here expect it always will be. The city’s narrative, then, often boils down to an unstable oscillation between Wild-West opportunity and ghost-town depression. Does it have to be that way? Can a boom-bust economy be molded into something that resembles long-term, sustainable growth? "Albeit exciting what happened the last five years, you don’t build a city off that sort of trajectory, because it’s not sustainable," Shawn Wenko, Williston's director of economic development, said. “It’s ok to take a breather every now and then.” Williston is not the first city to ask itself these questions. At the tail-end of the 19th century, tens of thousands of prospectors poured through the tiny Alaskan port towns of Dyea and Skagway in search of the riches promised by the discovery of gold in Canada’s Klondike region. John Muir compared the scene in Skagway to “a nest of ants taken into a strange country and stirred up by a stick.” A lot has changed since then, but the contours of life in a boomtown remain the same. “When it was booming … I felt like I was actually getting a taste of what it was like in the Klondike era of Alaska, which really intrigues me,” says Rodney Mabeus, an oilman who came here from Alaska with his family at the peak of Williston’s boom. Williston’s Walmart has been a microcosm of the city’s economy. During the boom, transient workers with nowhere else to stay lived out of trucks in the Walmart’s parking lot, Mabeus and others recall. Checkout lines ran an hour or more long, and Walmart couldn’t keep the shelves stocked. “They would just bring those pallets out in the middle of the aisle and people would take their Gatorade or their chips,” Mabeus says. “They didn’t even have time to put them on the shelves.”   The Williston Walmart today is a sober, amply-stocked affair, and that makes a big difference in everyday quality of life. Some in Williston embrace the slowdown (nobody here calls it a bust). Yes, oil workers would like to see productivity pick up again, but meanwhile, those who are committed to staying in Williston see a chance to take stock of how Williston might harness all the speculation and fast money that comes with a boom and convert it into steady growth (or at least stability) during slower times. Economists who study boomtowns point to two competing dynamics at play. The first is the obvious benefit of a burst of investment in one sector, which produces what economists call positive spillover: The booming oil industry needs labor, and the workers who flock to it boost demand for all sorts of things (food, shelter, and clothes, to name a few), raising almost everyone’s boats. “There is a little bit of a … feedback effect there,” says Grant Jacobsen, an assistant professor of planning, public policy, and management at the University of Oregon. “Once the economy reaches a certain point where it seems like it’s worth a private company making a certain investment, then maybe another private company might make an investment and all of a sudden the agglomeration effects”—the benefits companies receive for locating near other companies— “start taking over.”   As an example of agglomeration, take Menards, a big-box chain that set up a location in Williston last September. As Wenko, of the city’s economic-development team, told me, large retail chains make investment decisions based on projections decades into the future. They don’t open up a new store unless they think there will be enough economic activity in the long run to make it worth the investment. So for Williston, a city of 28,000, a new Menards is a big deal. It’s a sign that a sharp increase in demand might actually produce lasting economic activity. The fracking starts and stops, but people still go buy their lawnmowers at Menards. What’s more, the Willistonian going to buy her lawnmower might want to pick up a coffee on the way home, so maybe Starbucks will think it’s worth it to open up a branch across the street. Know what goes well with Starbucks? Krispy Kreme donuts. And so on. “This is kind of like our field of dreams,” Williston Mayor Howard Klug told the local paper when the hardware giant finally filed for a building permit. “If you build it they will come.” The other, less welcome consequence of a boom is referred to as crowding out: The rise of good-paying oil jobs means that local employers in other industries have to raise their wages to compete for labor. This tends to hurt companies in traded goods like manufacturing or agriculture, says Mark Partridge, a professor of rural-urban policy at The Ohio State University. That’s because manufacturers and farmers produce locally but sell their products globally, meaning that it’s harder to pass growing labor costs onto their customers, most of whom probably aren’t living in boomtowns. Ideally, the economic multiplication outweighs the effects of crowding out, and a boomtown creates a critical mass that supports growth throughout the bust. That’s easier said than done, and much of this depends on economic forces beyond the control of any one local planning commission. That said, cities can and do offer targeted tax breaks for industries that sell non-traded goods and services, like retail or restaurants, with the hope that such amenities will help convince transient workers to become permanent workers that live, spend their money, and raise a family through boom and bust. But tax incentives are controversial in that they deprive public services such as schools of the revenue needed to respond to growing populations and increased economic activity. Many economists also say these tax breaks aren’t very effective because, in Partridge’s words, they “shift resources from more productive uses to less productive uses, or at best rearranges where the activity takes place.” The best long-term strategies might be the most boring ones: Invest in infrastructure, build good schools, and protect the environment. These “patient, time-proven strategies,” as Partridge calls them, are perhaps the best means for keeping people and money in a boomtown when things go bust. People want to live in clean places with smooth roads and good schools. Boomtowns are often the most susceptible to losing these basic amenities: Wildcatters spill oil, frac trucks batter the roads, and classrooms flood with new students—all the more reason for resource-dependent cities to double down on the things that make life more livable. This is to say nothing of the crime, drugs, human trafficking, and other social ills that come with a boom and tend to linger even during the bust; there’s a reason the FBI recently established an office in Boomtown, U.S.A. Williston, for its part, has put a lot of new money into infrastructure and amenities to catch up with the growth and prepare for the next boom. That includes a $110 million water-treatment plant, a $20 million jail expansion, a new $56 million high school, and a $70 million recreational center complete with an indoor surfing apparatus. That said, much of this is paid for with borrowed money—bonds and loans issued during the boom that some fear the city cannot make good on. The city has an annual budget of $240 million, but its debt totals somewhere around $300 million, The Wall Street Journal reports. There are more direct, organized ways to transfer wealth from boom to bust. Squirreling away oil and gas tax revenues in a rainy-day fund is a reliable, if politically sensitive, way to do it. Norway is the classic example. The country transfers a portion of revenue from its state-owned oil industry to a pension fund that has seen an annual return of 5.5 percent since 1998 and is currently worth some $848 billion. “One day the oil will run out,” reads the fund’s website, “but the return on the fund will continue to benefit the Norwegian population.” Alaska does something similar, and Texas has an oil-and-gas-funded endowment for its public university systems. North Dakota’s own Legacy Fund is worth $3.5 billion, and there’s plenty of debate over how it should be used once the money becomes available next year. Some ideas being tossed around are to transfer it to the state’s general fund, to reinvest the earnings toward growing the principal, and less seriously, to purchase the Minnesota Vikings. Ultimately, the biggest challenge faced by Williston, which is not in the orbit of any major cities, is a matter of geography. Jacobsen and Partridge note that boomtowns are generally a rural phenomenon, and larger areas closer to economic centers are more likely to achieve that critical mass Williston is looking for because they can build off of nearby metropolitan areas. Still, some boomtowns do find their footing. Partridge cites Denver as an example of a place that grew beyond its early boomtown origins. The city was largely a one-industry town of gold and silver mining until it linked up to the transcontinental railroad in 1870. Growth in a number of other industries—notably among them floriculture—took off from there. Oil and gas dominated the landscape in the 1980s, but Denver’s geographic centrality and high elevation made it attractive to telecommunications firms, making for a more diversified, stable economy. “Denver in the mid-1980s was really struggling after that [oil bust],” Partridge says. “They thought of themselves as an energy, natural-resources city. Now it’s real different.” Hopes about the future aside, no amount of diversification or spillover effects are going to help Mabeus and his family, who are stuck in the middle of a bust. Mabeus says he’s invested everything he has in his company, Rig Dog Oilfield Services, which installs spill containment equipment on drilling rigs. At its peak, the company had 40 rigs in its portfolio. Now it’s down to five, and Rig Dog can only charge about half of what it used to. “We’re about right on the edge of losing everything … We’re trying to literally hang on to any possibility of this coming back,” Mabeus said. Perhaps they should have saved more when oil prices were high, and perhaps they should have known that they couldn’t stay high forever. But that’s easy to say in hindsight. Demand was so strong that Mabeus says any money they made they reinvested in the company to keep up. And they did save money, Mabeus says, but prices have been slumping more than a year now, and savings can only last so long. The irony is that the Mabeus family and other oil workers are a victim of their own success. While the rest of the country enjoys low prices at the pump, the energy windfall’s creators shoulder the burden of a buyer’s market. As Steve Mabeus, Rodney’s son and an employee of Rig Dog, says, “While you celebrate $2 gas, remember that the person that is losing out is an American citizen.” Share Tweet Comments Latest Video What Ancient Mariners Have in Common With NASA Scientists A short film explains how they both use a technique called "slingshotting" to explore new worlds. Nadine Ajaka 1:15 PM ET About the Author David J. Unger is a writer based in Chicago. His work has appeared in The Christian Science Monitor and InsideClimate News. previousHow Donald Trump Opened the Way For David Duke's ReturnnextWhy Trusting Donald Trump on Judges Is Folly Most Popular Presented by Carolyn Kaster / AP The Trump Takeover The Editors After a shocking upset, the president-elect and his party prepare for next year. Following his unexpected defeat of Hillary Clinton in the presidential election, Donald Trump and his team are ramping up preparations for his transition. We’ll bring you the latest developments on the transition here. For more of our coverage, read: Matt Ford speaks with former White House ethics czar Norman Eisen about the legal challenges facing the president-elect. Lilly O’Donnell on the ‘Hamilton Electors’ hoping for an Electoral College revolt. Garrett Epps on the signal sent by picking Jeff Sessions for attorney general. Krishnadev Calamur on Donald Trump’s choice as national security adviser. Kaveh Waddell on Trump’s pick for CIA director and its possible implications on government surveillance. Russell Berman on whether Trump will be ready to govern come Inauguration Day. Ed Yong on the role of science experts in a Trump administration. Chris Bodenner with a series of stories from Trump and Clinton voters. Continue Reading Daniel Lombroso / The Atlantic 'Hail Trump!': White Nationalists Salute the President Elect Daniel Lombroso and Yoni Appelbaum Video of an alt-right conference in Washington, D.C., where Trump’s victory was met with cheers and Nazi salutes. “Hail Trump, hail our people, hail victory!” That’s how Richard B. Spencer saluted more than 200 attendees on Saturday, gathered at the Ronald Reagan Building in Washington, D.C., for the annual conference of the National Policy Institute, which describes itself as “an independent organization dedicated to the heritage, identity, and future of  people of European descent in the United States, and around the world.” Spencer has popularized the term “alt-right” to describe the movement he leads. Spencer has said his dream is “a new society, an ethno-state that would be a gathering point for all Europeans,” and has called for “peaceful ethnic cleansing.” For most of the day, a parade of speakers discussed their ideology in relatively anodyne terms, putting a presentable face on their agenda. But after dinner, when most journalists had already departed, Spencer rose and delivered a speech to his followers dripping with anti-Semitism, and leaving no doubt as to what he actually seeks. He referred to the mainstream media as “Lügenpresse,” a term he said he was borrowing from “the original German”; the Nazis used the word to attack their critics in the press. Continue Reading Frederick Carl Frieseke / Wikimedia The Running Conversation in Your Head Julie Beck What a close study of "inner speech" reveals about why humans talk to themselves Language is the hallmark of humanity—it allows us to form deep relationships and complex societies. But we also use it when we’re all alone; it shapes even our silent relationships with ourselves. In his book, The Voices Within, Charles Fernyhough gives a historical overview of “inner speech”—the more scientific term for “talking to yourself in your head.” Fernyhough, a professor at Durham University in the U.K., says that inner speech develops alongside social speech. This idea was pioneered by Lev Vygotsky, a Russian psychologist who studied children in the 1920s and noted that when they learned to talk to other humans, they also learned how to talk to themselves, first out loud, and eventually, in their heads. Continue Reading Mike Segar / Reuters The Electoral College Was Meant to Stop Men Like Trump From Being President Peter Beinart The founders envisioned electors as people who could prevent an irresponsible demagogue from taking office. Americans talk about democracy like it’s sacred. In public discourse, the more democratic American government is, the better. The people are supposed to rule. But that’s not the premise that underlies America’s political system. Most of the men who founded the United States feared unfettered majority rule. James Madison wrote in Federalist 10 that systems of government based upon “pure democracy … have ever been found incompatible with personal security or the rights of property.” John Adams wrote in 1814 that, “Democracy never lasts long. It soon wastes, exhausts and murders itself.” The framers constructed a system that had democratic features. The people had a voice. They could, for instance, directly elect members of the House of Representatives. But the founders also self-consciously limited the people’s voice. Continue Reading Yamada Taro / Getty What’s So Great About American World Leadership? Hugh White The U.S. voters who rejected decades of bipartisan foreign-policy consensus might be on to something. How has America come to elect a president who so starkly repudiated decades’ worth of the largely bipartisan vision of U.S. global leadership? And if that vision won’t be the basis of American foreign policy in the 21st century, what will replace it? The big message of 2016 is that large numbers of American voters, Democrat and Republican, do not buy what their political leaders have been selling for so long, and that includes foreign policy. The evidence of this from Trump’s victory is reinforced by Senator Bernie Sanders’ remarkable showing in the Democratic primaries, and by years’ worth of public-opinion surveys showing the widespread view that the United States “does too much in helping solve world problems.” It is also reinforced by the high poll numbers of an outgoing president who has mounted his own quiet campaign against key elements of Washington’s foreign-policy orthodoxy. Continue Reading Carlo Allegri / Reuters Donald Trump's Conflicts of Interest: A Crib Sheet Jeremy Venook A semi-comprehensive list of the business concerns that may influence the president-elect as he prepares for the nation’s highest office Though several previous presidents have entered office with private fortunes to their names, none has done so with a business empire nearly as large or complicated as that of President-elect Donald J. Trump. Estimates of Trump’s wealth vary substantially: While he self-reports a net worth of $10 billion, independent agencies have arrived at valuation generally between $3 billion and $5 billion. The unprecedented nature of Trump’s business interests, coupled with the many precedents that Trump broke throughout his campaign—not releasing his tax returns, for example, which severely limits attempts to understand his financial situation—has provoked speculation that his presidency may bring about equally unprecedented opportunities for conflicts of interest. Trump’s response—provided on Twitter—only reinforces concerns that he will make little effort to avoid entangling his business and personal interests, and will instead attack those who point that out. Continue Reading sketchblog/flickr Masters of Love Emily Esfahani Smith Science says lasting relationships come down to—you guessed it—kindness and generosity. Every day in June, the most popular wedding month of the year, about 13,000 American couples will say “I do,” committing to a lifelong relationship that will be full of friendship, joy, and love that will carry them forward to their final days on this earth. Except, of course, it doesn’t work out that way for most people. The majority of marriages fail, either ending in divorce and separation or devolving into bitterness and dysfunction. Of all the people who get married, only three in ten remain in healthy, happy marriages, as psychologist Ty Tashiro points out in his book The Science of Happily Ever After, which was published earlier this year. Social scientists first started studying marriages by observing them in action in the 1970s in response to a crisis: Married couples were divorcing at unprecedented rates. Worried about the impact these divorces would have on the children of the broken marriages, psychologists decided to cast their scientific net on couples, bringing them into the lab to observe them and determine what the ingredients of a healthy, lasting relationship were. Was each unhappy family unhappy in its own way, as Tolstoy claimed, or did the miserable marriages all share something toxic in common? Continue Reading Chris Keane / Reuters What's Really Going On in North Carolina's Gubernatorial Race? David A. Graham Recounts, lawsuits, challenges—and the prospect of a legislative coup? Here’s why the race between Governor Pat McCrory and Democrat Roy Cooper isn’t over yet. DURHAM, N.C.—It’s been two weeks since Election Day, which means that in 49 states, residents know who their governor will be next year. North Carolinians, however, are still waiting to see. At the end of balloting on November 8, Democrat Roy Cooper, the current state attorney general, had a lead of a few thousand votes over Governor Pat McCrory, a Republican. Cooper promptly declared victory, but McCrory has not conceded the race, and the state has not been able to declare a winner. On Monday, Cooper announced a transition team, while McCrory accused him of “circumventing the electoral process.” Cooper’s lead fluctuated throughout the day on Tuesday as more counties returned their final canvass, but as of writing it was a little more than 6,000 votes out of roughly 4,700,000. (The most up-to-date results are here.) Continue Reading Netflix Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life Is a Rare TV Revival That Works David Sims The beloved family dramedy returns with a Netflix mini-series that’s self-aware enough to succeed. The nostalgic TV revival is a genre still in search of a purpose: Too often, shows like Arrested Development, Full House, and The X-Files have returned for no reason other than to gin up easy viewership, to appeal to those seeking to remember better days. Gilmore Girls: A Year in the Life is the first such TV sequel that really uses the long-delayed circumstances of its existence to its advantage. There’s a smart self-awareness to the show (available on Netflix starting Friday) that goes beyond sly winks to the camera about how long it’s been since its titular mother-daughter team have appeared onscreen. Considering it could merely exist as a cheap cash-in, that A Year in the Life feels so emotionally resonant is somewhat miraculous. Continue Reading Etienne Fabre / SSAC A Shocking Find In a Neanderthal Cave In France Ed Yong A rock structure, built deep underground, is one of the earliest hominin constructions ever found. In February 1990, thanks to a 15-year-old boy named Bruno Kowalsczewski, footsteps echoed through the chambers of Bruniquel Cave for the first time in tens of thousands of years. The cave sits in France’s scenic Aveyron Valley, but its entrance had long been sealed by an ancient rockslide. Kowalsczewski’s father had detected faint wisps of air emerging from the scree, and the boy spent three years clearing away the rubble. He eventually dug out a tight, thirty-meter-long passage that the thinnest members of the local caving club could squeeze through. They found themselves in a large, roomy corridor. There were animal bones and signs of bear activity, but nothing recent. The floor was pockmarked with pools of water. The walls were punctuated by stalactites (the ones that hang down) and stalagmites (the ones that stick up). Continue Reading To Break a Phone Addiction, Turn Your Screen Gray James Hamblin, Nicolas Pollock, and Jaclyn Skurie A suggestion for compulsive checkers Watch Video We're Probably Imagining Aliens Wrong Nadine Ajaka Why haven’t we found extraterrestrial life? It might be because we think it looks like human life. Watch Video The Battle at Standing Rock Nadine Ajaka "These are our only remaining homelands, we have to protect them." Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2016 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad >
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 10 things you need to know today Jonathan Garber Aug. 8, 2016, 6:55 AM 4,061 facebook linkedin twitter email print A road flooded by heavy rains in Mumbai, India. Reuters/Shailesh Andrade Here is what you need to know. US stocks are at record highs. Friday's dynamite jobs reported propelled both the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq to record-high closes. The 0.8% gain in the S&P 500, however, extended the average's streak without a move of 1.0% to a 17th straight session. Walmart is buying Jet.com. The deal will be worth about $3 billion, according to Recode's Jason Del Rey, citing anonymous sources. Walmart hopes the acquisition will help jump-start its struggling online business, which is just a fraction of the size of Amazon's. Walmart generates about $14 billion in annual e-commerce sales, compared with about $99 billion from Amazon. Berkshire Hathaway earnings miss. The Warren Buffett-led conglomerate reported operating earnings per share of $2,803 ($2,911 expected, according to Bloomberg) and a 25% year-over-year jump in net income to $5 billion. Delta Air Lines flights are grounded nationwide. A nationwide system failure has caused grounded Delta Airlines flights across the US. "Our systems are down everywhere. Hopefully it won't be much longer," the airline's Twitter account tweeted in response to passenger inquiries, Reuters reports. Airbnb is now worth $30 billion. Bloomberg reports that the home-sharing company has raised another $850 million, bringing its fund-raising total to $3.2 billion. Airbnb is the second-most-valuable startup behind only Uber (~$68 billion). The bitcoin exchange that was hacked says all its customers will lose some of their funds. Bitfinex, the Hong Kong-based bitcoin exchange that was hacked for $65 million, says all of its customers will lose 36% of their funds. The company says customers will be given digital "tokens"that record their losses, which may one day be redeemed or exchanged for shares of iFinex, the company that operates Bitfinex. OPEC will meet in September. OPEC members will reportedly hold an informal meeting on a possible production freeze along side the International Energy Forum in Algeria on September 26-28, Reuters reports. "OPEC continues to monitor developments closely and is in constant deliberations with all member states on ways and means to help restore stability and order to the oil market," Mohammad bin Saleh al-Sada, Qatar's minister of energy and industry, said in a statement. West Texas Intermediate crude oil is up 1.6% at $42.48 a barrel. China trade data. Trade data released by the General Administration of Customs showed that China's trade surplus grew to $52.31 billion in July. Exports fell 4.4% in dollar terms, and imports sank 12.5%, leading to the largest surplus since January. Stock markets around the world are higher. Japan's Nikkei (+2.4%) paced the advance in Asia, and Germany's DAX (+0.9%) leads the way up in Europe. S&P 500 futures higher by 4.00 points at 2,180.75. Earnings reports continue to flow. Allergan, Dean Foods, Sotheby's, and Tyson Foods are among the names reporting ahead of the opening bell while Hertz Global, Lending Club, News Corp., and Twilio highlight the companies releasing their quarterly results after markets close. NOW WATCH: The 3 worst things you do when you wash your face — according to a dermatologist Loading video... Follow 10 Things Before the Opening Bell and never miss an update! Get updates in your Facebook news feed. Get updates in your inbox. Privacy Policy Get updates in your inbox Subscribe to 10 Things Before the Opening Bell and never miss an update! Privacy Policy More: 10 Things Before Opening Bell Trader Chat facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru 10 things you need to know today 10 things you need to know today Here is what you need to know. US stocks are at... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Markets Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » Markets Select 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Markets Chart Of The Day Business Insider Select Monday Scouting Report More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Letter to My Younger Self Basketball legend David Robinson on his upbringing: "Think about all the things your grandfather did with $100." Check out the letter from Robinson to his 18-year-old self >> Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 23, 2:05 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Business Walmart-Jet.com $3 Billion Deal Announced Monday By Himanshu Goenka @HimGoJourno On 08/08/16 AT 3:15 AM Walmart is expected to announce the acquisition of Jet.com for $3 billion on Monday. Here, a Walmart store is seen in Chinatown, Los Angeles, Jan. 16, 2016. Photo: MARK RALSTON/AFP/Getty Images UPDATE: 6 p.m. EDT — Walmart formally announced Monday its takeover of online retailer Jet.com “for approximately $3 billion in cash, a portion of which will be paid over time. Additionally, $300 million of Walmart shares will be paid over time as part of the transaction.” In a statement, Walmart CEO Doug McMillon said of the acquisition: “We’re looking for ways to lower prices, broaden our assortment and offer the simplest, easiest shopping experience because that’s what our customers want. We believe the acquisition of Jet accelerates our progress across these priorities.” Original story: After being subject to rumors for over a week, Walmart and Jet.com are expected to announce a $3 billion deal on Monday under which the brick-and-mortar retailing giant will buy the online retailer, according to various reports. Confirmation of the deal was first reported Saturday by Bloomberg, which, citing unnamed sources, said the terms of the acquisition will require that the startup founder Marc Lore continues “to head the retailer’s online division for several years.” Previously, Lore has worked for Amazon.com, the market leader in online retail sector and a rival that Walmart has been trying to close the gap with. Before spending over two years with Amazon, Lore was also competing with the e-commerce company when he founded Quidsi, known best for its Diapers.com business. He was forced to sell the company to Amazon in 2010 but after quitting Amazon, Lore started Jet.com, his new e-commerce venture, in 2015. Related Stories Walmart Offers ‘Free Shipping With No Minimum’ Walmart Sells Chinese Online Store After 1 Year Having him onboard is likely to help the Bentonville, Arkansas, retail corporation in an area that seems to be largely unfamiliar territory. Compared to Amazon’s $99 billion annual revenue from e-commerce operations, Walmart has a fraction at $14 billion, Recode reported. “Wal-Mart still struggles with things like third party marketplaces which Marc and his team have successfully built,” Sucharita Mulpuru, an analyst at Forrester Research Inc., told Bloomberg. Recode, which also spoke to unnamed sources familiar with the deal, said Neil Ashe, Walmart’s current global e-commerce chief, will depart after a transition period. For his part, Lore is expected to make about $750 million from the deal, since he owns 25 percent of Jet.com. The deal was signed Friday and is expected to be announced Monday, TechCrunch reported. Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business US Factory, Confidence Data Brighten Economic Outlook There are plenty of indications of an acceleration in economic growth early in the fourth quarter. Technology Amazon Working On Video Messaging Service To Compete With Microsoft Teams Amazon is working on a new video video messaging service, which it plans to unveil during its re:Invent AWS conference later this month, according to TechCrunch. World 'Hell Itself Would Be Paradise Compared To Aleppo' Aleppo, one of the world's oldest and most historic cities, has been left completely decimated by the Syrian government, rebel forces and an international coalition purporting to wipe out the presence of the Islamic State group in the region. National PS4 Black Friday 2016 Deals Who's offering the best PS4 deal of the season? © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
null
Share 12 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2016-11-23 Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day Entertainment 2016-11-23 The Best Thanksgiving-Themed TV Episodes And Movies On Netflix, Hulu, And Amazon This Holiday Season Entertainment 2016-11-23 Emma Watson Passes ‘Harry Potter’ Baton To Eddie Redmayne As ‘Danish Girl’ Star Kicks Off ‘Fantastic Beasts’ Movies Entertainment 2016-11-23 Woman Crush Wednesday — Alicia Silverstone: From ‘Clueless’ Star To Nude Photos For PETA News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2016-11-23 Kansas School Bans Teachers From Wearing Safety Pins As Symbol Of Safety And Inclusion News 2016-11-23 ‘Verrükt’, Kansas City Water Slide Where 10-Year-Old Boy Was Decapitated Last Summer, To Be Town Down News 2016-11-23 Vanessa Marcotte Update: Investigators Receive New Tips In The Massachusetts Jogger Murder News 2016-11-23 Johnthony Walker: Tennessee School Bus Driver Asked Kids If They Were ‘Ready To Die’ Before Crash That Killed Five, Victim’s Mother Claims Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Soccer 2016-11-23 Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming Wrestling 2016-11-23 WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ Soccer 2016-11-23 Champions League Preview, Borussia Monchengladbach Vs. Manchester City: Live Stream, Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Betting Tips Sports 2016-11-23 NFL Picks Week 12: Thanksgiving Day Schedule Favors Dallas Cowboys, Pittsburgh Steelers Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Best Buy Black Friday 2016 Flyer Includes 16 Items Currently Available On Sale Lifestyle 2016-11-12 Trident Lakes: Subterranean Doomsday Prepper Village Being Built In Ector, Texas Lifestyle 2016-11-06 What’s Open On Veterans Day 2016 And Where Can Vets Get A Free Meal On Friday? Lifestyle 2016-11-05 When Does The Time Change? Daylight Saving Time Ends, But Not For Everyone Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2016-11-22 Turkey Safety: Guidelines To Dish Up A Fowl – Not Foul – Holiday Bird Health 2016-11-20 Prostate Cancer Second Opinions: Alternate Advice Might Not Force Treatment Change Health 2016-11-19 Microbes On ATM Keypads Come From Human Skin And Food, Study Says Health 2016-11-19 Zika No Longer A World Public Health Emergency, Claims WHO: Outraged, Brazil Says Chances Of Epidemic Still High Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon GO’ Ditto Sightings, Nearby Features Updates: Sightings Not Working Properly? Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Watch Dogs 2’ DLC Will Not Follow ‘Assassin’s Creed’ Trend, Says Ubisoft Gaming 2016-11-23 ‘Pokemon Go’: Exact Release Date Of Generation Two, Starbucks-Pokemon Partnership Revealed? Gaming 2016-11-23 PS4 Pro Vs. PS4: Pros And Cons Of Upgrading To Sony’s New Gaming Console BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2016-11-23 Repo Man Tows Elderly Couple’s Car, Then Pays It Off And Returns It [Video] BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Customers Are Angry About Starbucks’ Sneaky Price Hike BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Walmart Black Friday 2016 Ad Leaks Great Deals: Expanded Cyber Week Starts Early BuzzWorthy 2016-11-22 Rockefeller Center Tree 2016: A Tannenbaum Tradition Lights Up Manhattan’s Holiday Spirit SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Walmart Declares War On Amazon, Makes Biggest E-Commerce Purchase In History To Compete With Online Retailer Business 12 0 0 August 7, 2016 Walmart Declares War On Amazon, Makes Biggest E-Commerce Purchase In History To Compete With Online Retailer Tara West Walmart has officially made the biggest e-commerce purchase in history spending $3 billion on Jet.com. The move comes as Walmart gears up to take on online retail giant Amazon. The purchase is designed to bolster Walmart’s struggling online presence and push the company as a viable competitor for Amazon. The acquisition is slated to be formally announced on Monday. https://t.co/QVL2DOlHE6‘s potential $3 billion sale to Walmart shows a new trend shaking up the e-commerce space https://t.co/xzZ4ZGS0zK — ChizComm (@ChizComm) August 7, 2016 The Daily Mail reports that Walmart just made the largest e-commerce acquisition in U.S. history with the purchase of Jet.com. The e-commerce startup was purchased for a staggering $3 billion and is designed to help increase Walmart’s presence online. The acquisition will also provide the retail giant with access to technology and supply-chain innovations that will help them compete with Amazon. Wal-Mart sees an opportunity to bolster its e-commerce operations to take on rival Amazon. https://t.co/SxNe7N6uzO — MarketWatch (@MarketWatch) August 8, 2016 While Walmart has a place as a major physical retailer ranking No. 1 with 13 percent market share, the company has been struggling with translating the business to the online world. In fact, Walmart ranks fourth in e-commerce with just 3 percent of the total market share. Michelle Malison, a retail analyst with Euromonitor International, spoke with the LA Times about the retailer’s problems noting that despite overall market growth for the e-commerce sector, Walmart’s online retail sales have continued to decline. “Walmart’s e-commerce growth has been slow — they have had a year-over-year decline when the overall market is still growing. What Walmart has been doing for their e-commerce business is not resonating with consumers.” Therefore, acquiring Jet.com can be exactly what Walmart needs to get its e-commerce segment growing. Britt Beemer, founder of America’s Research Group, points out that Walmart simply doesn’t want to waste any more time struggling with the e-commerce learning curve and is hoping to “short circuit” that curve by the Jet.com acquisition. In fact, it is noted that if the people at Jet.com can come in and help Walmart double their sales, the $3 billion price tag will be overshadowed by profits. “Walmart is trying to short-circuit the learning curve by purchasing Jet.com. If these guys that come in can help Walmart double their Internet sales in one or two years, whatever the acquisition costs are, are minimal in comparison to what they’ll make in profits.” So is Jet.com worth the $3 billion price tag? Company records indicate that Jet.com is on track for a 28 percent sales growth month over month and $1 billion in sales. The company also boasts 4 million shoppers on the website. Therefore, it seems that Walmart will hone in on these impressive startup figures and remodel Walmart’s previously lackluster e-commerce presence with the help of the Jet.com purchase. Walmart is buying https://t.co/46y13B00rx for $3 billion and will announce the deal on Monday https://t.co/K99tkWYAKd — Jamil and Nate (@Brotherspodcast) August 8, 2016 However, it isn’t just Walmart that will be benefiting from the acquisition. Jet.com has raised $500 million in venture capital but knows that is nowhere near enough to compete with Amazon. Therefore, the financial contribution by Walmart’s acquisition can ensure Jet.com has what it needs to be a viable competitor. One of the big selling points of Amazon is the Prime shopping experience with inexpensive (or sometimes free) two-day shipping and overnight options. With Walmart and Jet.com combined, the startup with have the funding needed to truly compete with Amazon as Jet.com brings the e-commerce know-how and Walmart brings the financing. What do you think about Walmart acquiring Jet.com for a staggering $3 billion? Will the purchase payoff for Walmart by increasing their struggling e-commerce segment? [Image via txking/Shutterstock] Now Watch This: Amazon Launches First Ever Branded Cargo Plane Now Read This: Urban Outfitters Settles Lawsuit, Will Collaborate With Navajo Nation Share 12 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Tara West Tags: e-commerce acquisition, Walmart acquisition, Jet.com, walmart Comments LATEST HEADLINES Minnesota Vikings vs. Detroit Lions: 5 Bold Predictions For NFL Thanksgiving Day Game Drake Works Out To Taylor Swift Tune In Apple Music Ad, Teases Couple Nickname Amid Dating Rumors: Watch Kansas School Bans Teachers From Wearing Safety Pins As Symbol Of Safety And Inclusion Donald Trump’s Christmas Ornament On Sale As Trump’s Hollywood Star Getting ‘Secret Service Like’ Protection ‘Verrükt’, Kansas City Water Slide Where 10-Year-Old Boy Was Decapitated Last Summer, To Be Town Down Dan Rather Rants That Donald Trump Is “Endangering Founding Principles”; Former CBS Anchor Calls for Activism Black Friday 2016: Skip The Madness And Grab These Amazing Online Deals—Amazon, Disney, And More Sherri Papini Update: Deadline Passes For Missing California Mom’s Ransom, Cameron Gamble Negotiator For New Reward Park Shin Hye: K-Drama Actress On ‘Doctors’ Joins Korea Food For The Hungry International Philanthropy Club After Donating 100 Million Won To Charity ‘Pizzagate’ Hits Voat Shortly After Being Banned On Reddit, Comet Ping Pong Nightmare Continues Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Queen Elizabeth And Prince Philip Celebrate 69 Years Of Marriage 21.4k 0 0 Vote Audit: Did Trump Win Fair Election Or A Rigged One? New Movement Seeks Data On Suspicious Vote Counts 17.7k 0 0 WWE News: Details On The Finish Of Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Match – Who Knew? How Long Has It Been Planned? 4.6k 0 0 Brock Lesnar Vs. Goldberg Was A Disgrace, And So Was WWE Survivor Series [Opinion] 3.5k 0 0 ‘Sons Of Anarchy’ Spin-Off ‘Mayans MC’ Confirmed By FX, Charlie Hunnam And Ryan Hurst Set To Return? 3k 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg Set To Appear At The ‘Royal Rumble’ 2.9k 0 0 Presidential Election Popular Vote: Hillary Clinton On Course To Win 2.5 Million More Votes Than Donald Trump 2.8k 0 0 Recent Headlines Park Shin Hye: K-Drama Actress On ‘Doctors’ Joins Korea Food For The Hungry International Philanthropy Club After Donating 100 Million Won To Charity 0 0 0 ‘Pizzagate’ Hits Voat Shortly After Being Banned On Reddit, Comet Ping Pong Nightmare Continues 0 0 0 Europa League Preview, Manchester United Vs. Feyenoord: Prediction, Starting Lineups, And Live Streaming 6 0 0 ‘RHOA’ Star Kandi Burruss’ Ex, Block, Says They And Riley Are One Happy Family 0 0 0 WWE News: Goldberg ‘Survivor Series’ Win Was All About Shocking The ‘Smart Marks’ 0 0 0 Watch Macy’s Thanksgiving Day Parade Online, Mobile Apps, NBC TV: New Balloons, Floats, Celebrities Kick Off The Holiday Season On Turkey Day 0 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact News Partners Opposing Views Huffington Post Fark Buzz Feed Supported By DoubleClick Google Adsense Softlayer Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2016 The Inquisitr News.

International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Walmart to announce $3bn acquisition of Amazon rival Jet.com – Reports Walmart is said to be banking on the deal to help it close the online sales gap with Amazon.com. By Kedar Grandhi August 8, 2016 06:00 BST Marc Lore, the founder at Jet.com, will continue in his lead role even after the sale to WalmartJet.com Walmart will reportedly announce the acquisition of e-commerce startup Jet.com on Monday (8 August). The deal is expected to value the two-year-old online retailer at $3bn (£2.29bn; €2.70bn), according to unnamed sources. The potential deal was first reported last week. According to reports, Marc Lore, the founder at Jet.com, and some senior executives at the startup will now have an opportunity to earn an incentive bonus on top of their share of the deal value. The deal is expected to include the startup's proprietary technology, its customer lists, supplier contacts and Lore's expertise. Lore will also reportedly continue in his lead role even after the sale. He is expected to additionally run Walmart's US e-commerce operations after the potential deal closes. One of the technologies that Lore had previously explained was related to identifying in real time the flow of orders. This technology helped backend operations by routing orders to the right vendors and helped keep fulfilment and shipping costs low. According to sources, such technologies were now considered attractive to Walmart. They said Walmart would be able to reduce its shipping costs and delivery speeds, if it could successfully implement these technologies across its existing stores and warehouses. Walmart is also expected to use Jet's technologies on its other e-commerce sites and to expand its presence in the third-party marketplace model. The deal will mark the largest US acquisition in the e-commerce space. It will beat 2015's $2.4bn sale of Zulily, a Washington-based e-commerce company, to QVC. Walmart, the world's largest retailer, is said to be expecting the deal to help it close the online sales gap with Amazon. While the former had online sales of about $14bn in 2015, the Jeff Bezos-led giant's figures were about $99bn last year. MarketWatch cited analysts at Pacific Crest, commenting on the potential deal as: "[W]e think that a combination of Wal-Mart's best-in-class logistics and significant buying power ($482bn in revenue in 2015) and Jet.com's high-growth retail model would make the combined business a formidable competitor." More from IBTimes UK Walmart to sell its Chinese e-commerce arm to Alibaba's rival JD.com Walmart to stop accepting Visa cards across its stores in Canada China exports fall more than expected in July Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Columnists Alastair Campbell “Clinton voters and Remainers are too gracious in defeat - it's time to become bad losers READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2... Black Friday 2016: Best headphone deals and discounts Black Friday brings money off top headphone and earphone brands like... What is the Snooper's Charter and should you be worried? Here's everything you need to know The Investigatory Powers Bill will be signed into UK law later this... Black Friday: Best washing machine deals and home appliance discounts The biggest and best discounts on home appliance and white goods from... Don't crucify our geeks: Why Lauri Love's extradition is setting a dangerous precedent Accused of hacking FBI and Nasa systems, Love faces the prospect of... Telegram takes on Tumblr and Medium with anonymous blogging tool called Telegraph Ultra-secure blog site supports embedded content, photos and markdown... Sony accused of censoring negative feedback on its Bravia TVs ahead of Black Friday sales rush Sony has reportedly deleted threads raising issues with its 4K Bravia... Tor Phone: Privacy activists developing super private and secure version of Android Tor Project launching new version of Tor-enabled Android phone... Apple and Samsung must block phone use while driving, urge road safety regulators US road safety agency issues guidelines for phone makers to curb... Snooper's Charter spy law could be 'badly misused' by a future government expert warns Academic Paul Bernal slammed UK Labour Party for 'political... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Print   Email   Font Resize WTF: 3 hospitalized in bee attack; dueling obits name wife and girlfriend Posted:   08/07/2016 09:19:49 PM MDT Bees escape in Wal-Mart parking lot, sting several people OKLAHOMA CITY — Three people were taken to a hospital after an estimated 30,000 to 60,000 bees escaped and stung people in a Wal-Mart parking lot in southeast Oklahoma City. Emergency Medical Services Authority spokeswoman Lara O'Leary says two people were transported in serious condition and the third was in good condition after being stung Saturday morning after the bees escaped from three hives. Each of the three injured are adults, but no other information about them was released. Oklahoma City Fire Battalion Chief Benny Fulkerson says the incident began about 10:30 a.m., when a person selling bee hives met a buyer in the parking lot and the bees escaped. Fulkerson says beekeepers were called and gathered the insects. He said a firefighter was also stung but did not require medical attention. Man's dueling obituaries name wife in 1, girlfriend in other ATLANTIC CITY, N.J. — Two versions of a New Jersey man's obituary have appeared together in a newspaper — one saying he's survived by his wife, and the other saying he's survived by his girlfriend. Both obituaries in the Press of Atlantic City agree that Leroy Bill Black, of Egg Harbor Township, died Tuesday of lung cancer caused by fiberglass exposure. However, the obituary with top billing says he's survived by his "loving wife" and a son. The second announcement, right beneath the first one with the same photo of Black, says he's survived by his son, a host of siblings and his long-time girlfriend. Advertisement A person who answered the phone at Greenidge Funeral Home, which is handling arrangements, wouldn't comment on the two obituaries and would only say the funeral home works at the discretion of the wife. Associated Press Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Boulder musician donates hand-painted piano to Attention Homes Boulder Chef Kimbal Musk follows through on threat to sue Puck over use of The Kitchen name Boulder combines co-op and comp plan meetings   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Matt York / Associated Press) BUFFZONE College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker (Matt York / Associated Press) College footballCU football: Buffs reeling from first blowout loss Turnovers, sacks allowed pile up in defeats After many of Colorado's Pac-12 losses over the years, there was a helpless feeling coming from the Buffaloes. Full Story BUFFZONE CU football: Buffs bedeviled by Arizona State, mistakes in 48-23 loss CU football: Buffs searching for a spark at Arizona State CU football: Ryan Severson ready to step in at linebacker Second Story Garage: Bandits Boulder is pretty good at producing rock bands, and by "rock," we mean the in-your-face, guitar-heavy, leather-clad variety — you know, the good kind. For a prime example, look no farther than BANDITS. Full Story SECOND STORY GARAGE Second Story Garage: EOTO Second Story Garage: TAUK Second Story Garage: Dirty Bourbon River Show National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events more Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey Ina Fried April Glaser Eric Johnson Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ E-commerce Mergers and Acquisitions Walmart is buying Jet.com for $3 billion Jet.com CEO Marc Lore will also run Walmart.com by Jason Del Rey@DelRey Aug 7, 2016, 8:03pm EDT tweet share Linkedin Jet.com Walmart, the world’s largest retailer, announced it will acquire two-year-old online retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion in cash and stock in the largest-ever acquisition of an e-commerce company. Jet co-founder and CEO Marc Lore will continue to run Jet as well as Walmart’s U.S. e-commerce operations after the acquisition closes, according to sources. The deal includes $3 billion in cash, as well as $300 million in Walmart stock that will be paid out over time as part of an incentive bonus plan for Jet executives. The announcement comes after Recode reported the deal was finalized over the weekend. Walmart and Jet declined to comment on the earlier report. For Walmart, the purchase marks a giant bet on a largely unproven startup that only launched its shopping site widely last July. Up until now, the largest U.S. e-commerce acquisition was last year’s $2.4 billion sale of Zulily, a public company, to QVC. The Jet acquisition is an acknowledgement by Walmart CEO Doug McMillon that his company needs outside help if it’s ever going to close the giant gap with Amazon. It’s still unclear whether that is the right strategy for the brick-and-mortar retailer. Lore spoke about battling Amazon on Recode Decode last December: The deal is in many ways a marriage of necessity, but a shot worth taking, as I explained last week when news of the talks first broke. Walmart’s $14 billion in annual e-commerce sales is a fraction of Amazon’s $99 billion and is growing slower than the industry average. Its growth rate has decelerated for five consecutive quarters. Jet.com was co-founded in 2014 by the entrepreneur Marc Lore in an attempt to build a new online megastore that would compete with the likes of Amazon, Walmart and Costco. Jet has secured more than $800 million in financing since its founding but is spending $20 million to $25 million on advertising a month to fund its growth. It is not profitable. It most recently raised a $619 million round that gave it a value of more than $1.6 billion, but was going to have to keep raising huge sums of money to survive on its current path. Lore pulled the rip cord instead, but he will be rewarded handsomely — he owns about 25 percent of the company, according to sources. Such a stake suggests Lore stands to make as much as $750 million in the deal. He will now have Walmart’s deep pockets — the company registered $15 billion in profits last year — to try to fuel more growth at Jet. Lore will stay on and run Walmart.com as well as Jet.com, two sources said. It seems likely that he will report to McMillon, the CEO. Walmart’s current global e-commerce chief, Neil Ashe, will eventually depart after a transitional period, these people said. He joined Walmart in 2012 after a three-year stint at CBS Interactive. Lore previously co-founded Diapers.com’s parent company and sold it to Amazon for $550 million in 2011 after the two sides battled through a pricing war that threatened to put the startup out of business. Jet sells more than 12 million products ranging from TVs to toys to cereal, and even milk and other fresh groceries in some markets. A little less than a third of its sales volume comes from items that Jet stores in its own warehouses and sells directly to customers, an exec recently told Recode. The remainder comes from a network of more than 2,000 vendors who list their own products on Jet.com and ship orders to Jet customers from their own facilities. The company typically takes a cut of 8 to 15 percent on these orders. As of March, Jet was on track to sell more than $1 billion worth of goods over the next 12 months, though it only records a fraction of that as revenue. Jet has attempted to stand out from competitors through a discounting model, dubbed the Smart Cart, that rewards customers with greater discounts as they add more items to their order. Jet also gives customers additional discounts if they forfeit the right to return an item, or pay with a debit card instead of a credit card. Four million people have made a purchase on Jet since it launched, but the company recently shifted its advertising efforts to getting existing customers to come back more often. Jet originally planned to charge customers a $50 annual membership fee in exchange for even larger discounts, but scrapped that model before its launch. At the time, Lore explained the move in part by saying that some brands did not want to sell goods on a site that was considered a discount destination. On the back end, Jet’s technology can identify in real time which orders should be routed to which vendors to garner the lowest fulfillment and shipping costs — a model that is said to allow the company to provide bigger discounts for bigger orders. Vendors are able to set business rules so they only accept orders that will be profitable for them, Lore has previously said. Such technologies were attractive to Walmart, according to sources, as it attempts to use its vast store and warehouse footprint to reduce shipping costs and cut down on delivery speeds. Amazon has put pressure on the whole industry through its Amazon Prime shipping program, which now delivers some goods in as little as two hours in dozens of cities. Walmart is expected to utilize some parts of the pricing technology on its other e-commerce sites. Walmart may also use some of Jet’s technologies to expand the business it gets from other vendors selling their wares through Walmart.com. This model — known as a third-party marketplace — is also employed aggressively by Amazon, which now gets around half of its unit sales from that group. Even with Walmart acquiring the strong Jet leadership team and proprietary technology, the deal still will be viewed as a rich, if not desperate, one by some industry observers. Jet does not disclose revenue numbers, but my back-of-the envelope math suggests the company is on pace to do no more than around $500 million in revenue over the next year. An acquisition price that is six times a company’s revenue is mostly unheard of in e-commerce, especially for a company that is nowhere near profitable. Dollar Shave Club sold to Unilever for between four and five times revenue but had said it could be profitable on an Ebitda basis by year’s end. Amazon, by comparison, currently trades around 3.7 times its e-commerce revenue and has registered record profits three quarters in a row. Jet is based in Hoboken, N.J., and has raised investments from several of Diapers.com’s original backers including Accel Partners, NEA and MentorTech Ventures. Jet also took investments from Primary Venture Partners, Bain Capital Ventures, Google Ventures and Alibaba. Lore had been known to regale the press with his ambitious plan to build a long-term stand-alone business that could be worth tens of billions some day. Jet’s investors are still pleased. Several have told Recode privately that they thought the chances of a successful outcome were slim to near-impossible, even with the background of Lore and his co-founders. Now, they’re cashing out tens of millions or more, in some cases. "Not bad for two years’ work," one said. Correction: An earlier version of this article incorrectly stated Lore would run Sam's Club's online operation. He will only run Walmart and Jet's e-commerce businesses. Update: The story was updated to include official announcement of the deal from Walmart. recode_divider More From Recode Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? A credit card hack at MSG gives Knicks fans another reason to despise owner Jim Dolan Twitter reminds everyone it won’t cooperate with government or police surveillance Trending Black Friday isn’t dead. It’s just irrelevant. Amazon has big plans to expand its online tickets business The marketing genius behind Snap’s new Spectacles Facebook, Google and now Verizon are accelerating their tracking efforts despite consumers’ privacy concerns Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson More in Trending Newsletters Recode Daily Top stories of the day. Recode Event Updates Our signature events sell out quickly. Be amongst the first to know. Recode Product Updates Special series, exclusive interviews and new features. This Article has a component height of 31. The sidebar size is long. The Latest Apple Politics President Trump Donald Trump told Tim Cook that Apple is going to ‘build a big plant’ in the U.S. by Peter Kafka “I think you’re going to do it.” Podcasts Politics Recode Media with Peter Kafka Post-election ‘terror and hysteria’ over Trump is not justified, says Observer editor Ken Kurson by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Kurson says he’s proud to have voted for Donald Trump, and to work for his son-in-law, Observer publisher Jared Kushner. Recode Daily Recode Daily: Facebook built a censorship tool that could help it get back into China by John Murrell The tool can block posts from appearing in News Feeds based on location. Podcasts Media Politics Can the journalists who work for Trump son-in-law Jared Kushner still cover the White House fairly? by Eric Johnson@HeyHeyESJ Yes, says one of the few people who might know: Observer Editor in Chief Ken Kurson. Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
GoSearch Replay: News at Noon News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Politics Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 51° 51° Low 42° High 55° Thu 46° 62° Fri 46° 63° Sat 40° 59° See complete forecast Portsmouth Walmart reopens after closing temporarily because of security concerns Posted 8:32 pm, August 7, 2016, by Kevin Tucker, Updated at 08:31pm, August 7, 2016 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email PORTSMOUTH, Va. -The Walmart on Frederick Boulevard in Portsmouth has reopened after temporarily closing for what the store called “security concerns.” Walmart released the following statement to News 3: “Given the heightened emotions in the community, we have closed our store temporarily because of security concerns.  We apologize for any inconvenience, but our first responsibility is always the safety of our customers and associates. We hope the store will re-open quickly” An employee who answered the phone at the store Sunday evening would not answer any questions. Walmart officials have not stated what the security concerns are  or when the store will re-open. The parking lot of the store is where former Portsmouth Police Officer Stephen Rankin shot and killed 18-year-old William Chapman last year. Rankin was found guilty of Voluntary Manslaughter last week. He’s expected to be formally sentenced in October after a jury recommended he serve 2.5 years in prison. 36.821171 -76.330235 Filed in: News Topics: portsmouth, walmart Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Southern Bank News 3’s Proud Community Partner! Popular Heinz recalls gravy just days before Thanksgiving Elizabeth City woman sentenced to 11 years in prison for cocaine and marijuana conspiracy Mural honoring military forces removed from Virginia Beach Oceanfront hotel New federal overtime rule goes into effect Dec. 1 and it could affect you Latest News Man discovers $3.7 million worth of gold in his new house Hampton Police on scene of shooting First Warning Forecast: Tracking scattered showers for Thanksgiving Family of four displaced following Suffolk house fire News Community activists banned from Walmart where teen was killed by police News Jury goes home after Day 1 of deliberations in former Portsmouth officer’s murder trial News Closing statements done in former Portsmouth officer’s murder trial, jury to deliberate Wednesday News Former Portsmouth Police Officer sentenced to 2.5 years for voluntary manslaughter News 911 calls made the day William Chapman died and video the defense will use in appeal released News Jury finds Stephen Rankin guilty of voluntary manslaughter, recommends 2.5 year sentence News News 3 Exclusive: Former officer’s wife speaks out about her husband’s manslaughter conviction News Former Portsmouth Police Officer Stephen Rankin breaks silence in BBC documentary News City of Portsmouth reaches $1 million settlement with family of teen killed by officer News ‘Mall of America’ will be closed on Thanksgiving — should other stores follow? News New MLK expressway set to open for drivers by the end of the year News Chapman’s family attorney plans lawsuit against Portsmouth, former police chief, and Rankin News Portsmouth Police searching for two Metro PCS robbery suspects Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2016, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Retail Home > Metro > SMEBiz > Retail < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 8 August 2016 Wal-Mart gulps down startups in Amazon chase Wal-Mart may be the world’s largest brick-and-mortar retailer by quite a margin, but if the future is online, then it may be in trouble, hence its latest talks to acquire e-commerce startup Jet.com. WAL-MART may be trying to hasten its pursuit of Amazon by riding a unicorn, with the US retail titan in talks to buy Jet.com, a fledgling online-shopping site, according to the Wall Street Journal. It would fit into a bigger plan to beef up its lacklustre digital and e-commerce efforts. Amazon, meanwhile, keeps moving ahead with offerings such as one-day shipping and groceries. Doug McMillon, Wal-Mart Stores’ boss, has no illusions about how his company is faring on the web. “Growth here is too slow,” he said in May. Online sales clocked in at about US$14bil last year, barely 3% of Wal-Mart’s top line. Amazon, by comparison, reported a revenue increase of about one-fifth in 2015 to US$100bil, excluding web services. It was about a year ago that Amazon charged past Wal-Mart in terms of market value. At US$350bil, it is now 60% larger. Wal-Mart lags in other areas, too. Its marketplace, which allows consumers to sell their products next to Wal-Mart’s own, has over 10 million items. Amazon counts 200 million, according to investment bank Jefferies. What’s more, Amazon is eyeing turf claimed by Wal-Mart. It recently expanded the markets in which it delivers fresh food such as milk and produce. Given Wal-Mart’s ambitions, Jet understandably makes for a tempting target. Founder Marc Lore also helped start the company behind Diapers.com, which Amazon bought in 2010. Launched just last year, Jet has been struggling to challenge its larger online rival. The business model already was changed. Jet first required a US$50 annual membership fee, in a bid to mimic the successful Costco structure online. It dropped the idea, however, and turned its attention to other ways to generate revenue. Wal-Mart has been rapidly gulping down startups over the past couple of years, including recipe and meal-planning service Yumprint and advertising-tech firm Adchemy. Jet would be a bigger bite. It has raised more than US$500mil and is valued at over US$1bil. Wal-Mart can afford to buy as it builds, but even a galloping unicorn — and there’s no sign Jet is yet such a beast — will struggle to tow the lumbering retailer into a competitive position online. — Reuters Tags / Keywords: Central Region , Wal Mar , Amazon , online , startups Related Stories Personalised, home-printed shoes? Visa users likelier to complete buy You May Be Interested China embraces SEA’s thorny delight Others Also Read Facebook builds censorship tool to attain China re-entry: NYT M’sia, Thailand to begin talks on Bangkok-KL HSR project - Thai Minister Japan enlists Sailor Moon to promote safe sex advertisement Latest News Brexit fallout to cost UK extra £122bil over five years Industrials lift Dow to record, techs drag S&P and Nasdaq (Update 1) Iraq willing to cut oil output in Opec’s plan to boost prices - PM FGV confirms probe is on Felda Iffco’s subsidiary Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower Most Viewed in Metro Putting the city at risk Men in Selangor urged to have regular medical check-ups Teenage schoolgirls learn the facts of life Impressive show by cheerleaders of all ages New life springs up on Botak Hill "Octopus" bridge ready by March Pasar malam traders feeling the pinch Taking charge of your responsibilities Thrilling time for watersport enthusiasts Factory complied with authorities’ requirements, says Wong Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing Business Saving Money Can anyone compete with Amazon Prime? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Who is Nikki Haley, Trump's pick for ambassador to the UN? Were native Americans raising turkeys long before the first Thanksgiving? Solo climber sets new record conquering Yosemite's El Capitan Iran to US: honor nuclear deal, or else Best Buy and Walmart have revamped their shipping process in order to compete with Amazon. Here's the lowdown on how the three companies compare. By Dealnews.com August 7, 2016 Save for later Saved Bags with Amazon Prime goods are seen in a fulfillment facility in New York. Mark Lennihan/AP/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of Since its introduction in 2005, Amazon Prime  has arguably set the high watermark for online shipping: pay a flat annual fee, and you get everything shipped within two days for free. We've pointed out its perks , jeered its occasional pitfalls , and guided you through Prime Day . So the only real surprise is that it's taken this long for other big stores to try to compete. Enter Walmart  and Best Buy . What Does Walmart's ShippingPass Offer? In late June of this year, Walmart refined its ShippingPass program . Like Prime, it now offers no-minimum free 2-day shipping on many items sitewide for a flat annual fee. ShippingPass' fee is a solid 50% cheaper though, costing $49 per year compared to Prime's $99. It also matches Prime's offer of a free 30-day trial. If you're placing a lot of smaller orders via Walmart's site, it's certainly an attractive alternative to their usual $4.97 flat-fee shipping; it would only take 10 small orders to justify the annual expense, although most items are also available via in-store pickup. Recommended: Ten companies with great starting wages It's also worth noting that, unlike Prime, ShippingPass doesn't appear to offer any guarantees on its 2-day shipping. Its FAQ section recommends you order before 2 pm ET to ensure same-day shipping, but doesn't give any indication of what recourse you have if it doesn't arrive on time. It also explains that while 2-day shipping is available on many best-selling items, other items may only qualify for free value shipping, which can take up to six days. Ten companies with great starting wages Photos of the Day Photos of the day 11/22 Is My Best Buy Any Better? Now Best Buy plans on getting into the thick of things. Starting August 28, their My Best Buy  program will grant its members free 2-day shipping on orders of $35 or more. No, Best Buy isn't matching Amazon's and Walmart's no-minimum perk, but it makes up for that by being completely free. Members can also avail themselves of their My Best Buy Phone Rewards scheme, which bags you a $25 My Best Buy credit every time you buy and activate a new smartphone after your first phone purchase. All told, it's not as significant a shift as Walmart's move — Best Buy offers free standard shipping when you spend $35 as a matter of course — but it's a free upgrade for those who like their electronics delivered promptly. So How Do They Stack Up? As of this minute, it's tough to beat Amazon Prime's smorgasboard of delights. Even if you completely ignored their shipping guarantee, you've still got Amazon Video, Amazon Music, Kindle Library, Amazon Family, Amazon Pantry... the list does go on. On account of this, Yahoo Finance  remained resolutely unimpressed with Walmart's overtures, stating "Amazon Prime is arguably the best online shopping option for consumers today. It will be a long time before ShippingPass even comes close to Prime’s power and influence." This article first appeared at Dealnews.com . The Christian Science Monitor has assembled a diverse group of the best personal finance bloggers out there. Our guest bloggers are not employed or directed by the Monitor and the views expressed are the bloggers' own, as is responsibility for the content of their blogs. To contact us about a blogger, click here . To add or view a comment on a guest blog, please go to the blogger's own site by clicking on the link in the blog description box above. Next up Ten companies with great starting wages Will Amazon's Alexa make your home as responsive as a 'Star Trek' starship? First Look Why Amazon is taking its experimental delivery drones to Britain Amazon offers Prime members discounted student loans. Is that fair? Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 Why Hillary Clinton lost the white women's vote For jihadists, Trump election brings a change in strategy As Trump's AG, how might Sessions crack down on recreational marijuana? As US pulls back from Pacific trade deal, countries look to China The Trump voters you don't know Popular Now First Look Is there an easy way to help koalas? Why Hillary Clinton lost the white women's vote First Look New Zealand reef, raised by massive quake, provides new insights (+video) 7 recipes for green bean casserole First Look Federal judge blocks Obama rule extending overtime   Who owns Gatorade: Coke or Pepsi? Take our 'parent company' quiz!   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the day 11/22 Latest News First Look Who is Nikki Haley, Trump's pick for ambassador to the UN? Doing Good The internet of things: a way small firms can use it Movies 'Manchester by the Sea' is true to intricacies of family strife Movies 'Nocturnal Animals' has a sadistic edge that is punitive Movies 'Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them' has too much of a good thing Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Everyone is underestimating Walmart's ability to crush Amazon Business Insider 8/7/2016 Hayley Peterson © Provided by Business Insider Walmart Shareholders 2016 distribution center Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 70.75 +0.63 +0.90% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 778.36 -6.97 -0.89% Walmart's e-commerce business has long been overshadowed by Amazon's. On a dollar-for-dollar basis, it's easy to understand why: Walmart's online sales were $13.7 billion in 2015, compared to Amazon's $107 billion. But if Walmart buys Jet.com, which it's reportedly considering, it could become Amazon's worst nightmare. Here's why: 1. Walmart has a massive customer base The retailer is far behind Amazon in terms of online sales, but overall, the picture looks much different. Walmart's revenue in 2015 was $482 billion, which is more than four times Amazon's revenue last year. All that revenue for Walmart represents untapped potential for online sales from customers who are currently shopping at Walmart's physical stores.© Provided by Business Insider Jet.com data 2. Walmart has a massive network of stores that can serve as distribution centers for products sold online Walmart has more than 4.500 stores in the US and 102 distribution facilities. By comparison, Amazon has roughly 180 fulfillment centers in the US. For Walmart, "This combination of a massive brick-and-mortar footprint with [an] emerging ecommerce player would put both companies in a better position for battle," saidStephan Schilbach, who founded e-commerce companies NewStore and Demandware. He said he's skeptical however that Walmart will ever overtake Amazon in online sales. "I still don’t think they’ll be able to beat out Amazon, but it will be interesting to watch them try," he said. Neil Saunders, CEO of retail consulting firm Conlumino, is more bullish on Walmart's potential. "We have always said that this is a major advantage for Walmart over a player like Amazon in that Walmart can distribute products far more cheaply and quickly, if it finds a way to fully integrate stores into its systems," Saunders wrote in a note to clients. 3. What Walmart lacks in e-commerce logistics, Jet.com can offer Jet.com is growing rapidly and stealing some customers from Amazon by offering cheaper prices than the e-commerce giant. It's only a year old and it has already generated more than $1 billion in sales from more than 4 million shoppers, according to Euromonitor. According to Slice Intelligence, another industry-data firm, Jet's sales in July 2016 have grown 168% relative to August 2015. Wal-Mart’s online sales, meanwhile, have grown only 30% Jet.com is also quickly mastering fast and free shipping.© Provided by Business Insider Marc lore jet.com Richard FeloniWhile Walmart only recently began offering two-day delivery to members of its ShippingPass program — which is meant to rival Amazon Prime — Jet.com has figured out how to achieve one-day delivery for half of US households free of cost, according to Euromonitor International. "Wal-Mart will gain significantly from Jet’s logistics and delivery expertise," Michelle Malison, retail analyst for Euromonitor. "By strategically locating its distribution centers and streamlining its logistics, Jet has doubled its one-day delivery (of its own first-party products) penetration rate from 25% to 50% of US households since launch, and is approaching 99% of US households for two-day delivery. In select high-density regions such as New York City, Jet often is able to offer same-day delivery at no additional cost to both Jet and its shoppers." Walmart's ShippingPass costs $49 a year, compared with the $99 for Amazon Prime. Meanwhile Jet.com's two-day shipping is free for all orders of at least $35. Without ShippingPass, Walmart customers have the option to choose between "rush" one-day shipping, which can cost at least $14 an item, or "expedited," "standard," and "value" options, which take two to seven days and cost about $5 to $8. Walmart offers free pickup at stores. NOW WATCH: Here's how to see how much you've spent on Amazon in your lifetime Go to MSN Home More in Money 7 successful icons who had a brush with bankruptcy InvestorPlace 20 best money tips of all time from Tony Robbins GOBankingRates 7 CEOs heading to the chopping block InvestorPlace The most dangerous states in America 24/7 Wall St. 15 of the biggest business disasters of all time Lovemoney 12 leaders who took $1 salaries Money Up Next What the richest 1 percent earns in every state Money Talks News AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Business Insider Here's what can happen when you eat too much salt Business Insider The pound is tumbling Business Insider 5 most annoying resume mistakes Business Insider 19 easy ways to slowly destroy your career Business Insider Business Insider View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
ETF News Best ETFs Top Rated ETFs Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class Free Newsletter Search Wal-Mart’s Retail War with Amazon Depends on Landing Rockstar CEO Marc Lore August 7, 2016 9:10am NYSE:WMT ShareTweet As Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) closes in on its $3 billion acquisition of online retailer Jet.com, people close to the situation report that the deal hinges upon retaining Jet.com CEO Marc Lore. The move appears to be as much of a talent acquisition as it is a business one. From Bloomberg: [The deal] will require Jet founder Marc Lore to head the retailer’s online division for several years, according to people familiar with the matter. Lore would stay in that role for longer than the two-plus years he spent at Amazon.com Inc., said one of the people, who asked not to be identified because the details aren’t public. The deal combines Jet’s proprietary technology, customer data and Lore’s e-commerce know-how with Wal-Mart’s extensive supplier relationships and its $480 billion revenue stream that can be used to fight Amazon, the online market leader. Lore was previously the co-founder of Quidsi, the parent company of Diapers.com. When that firm was acquired by Amazon several years ago, Lore stayed on with AMZN for a couple years before leaving to launch Jet.com. Now Wal-Mart was Lore to help them wage an all-out retail war versus Amazon, which has taken over its crown as the king of retail. AMZN’s market cap has ballooned to $365 billion, while WMT’s has sagged to $231 billion. Wal-Mart famously had a banner hanging in its warehouse that read “We can’t out-Amazon Amazon,” but times have changed — and so has the company’s online strategy. It’s now clear that WMT does want to battle Amazon head-on in the e-commerce space, and it wants Lore to be a big part of that. His business acumen and inside knowledge of Amazon’s operations should prove invaluable, assuming the company can finalize the deal. Wal-Mart shares closed on Friday at $73.76, up $0.46 (+0.63%). The stock has gained 20% year-to-date, nearly tripling the performance of the benchmark S&P 500 in the same period. Tags: NYSE:WMT Wal-Mart Categories: NYSE:WMT Read Next Here’s Why Amazon’s Big Gains Will Only Get Bigger Amazon’s Tokyo Offices Raided in Potential Antitrust Scandal Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos Just Made $755 Million Selling AMZN Stock Amazon’s Explosive Growth in India is Nothing Short of Remarkable Here’s Why Amazon is Going to $1000 Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Tesla Stock Is Trading At Critical Levels Hulbert: Stock Valuations Are Getting Dangerously High Dow Set For New All-Time Highs As Trump Honeymoon Continues Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2016 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries 2 months after first strike against Visa, Walmart mum on follow-up Delay raises suggestions the retail giant may be close to backing down in fee dispute By Sophia Harris, CBC News Posted: Aug 07, 2016 5:00 AM ET Last Updated: Aug 07, 2016 5:00 AM ET Walmart stopped accepting Visa cards in Thunder Bay on July 18. (Joe Raedle/Getty Images) Related Stories Small businesses cheer on Walmart in battle with Visa, hoping for lower fees Goliath vs. Goliath: consumers caught in middle of high-stakes fee fight between Visa and Walmart Walmart in Thunder Bay, Ont., will no longer accept Visa come Monday On June 11, Walmart launched a shocker when it made a bold pledge to stop accepting Visa at its more than 400 Canadian stores. That left Canadians waiting and wondering when their Visa cards will be rejected at their neighbourhood Walmart. But close to two months later, the retail giant has only made one small move: On July 18, it dropped the credit card from its three locations in Thunder Bay, Ont., whose population is slightly over 100,000. Walmart bans Visa cards at 3 Thunder Bay stores Visa fights back in high-profile battle with Walmart  Walmart announced the countrywide ban to protest what it calls Visa's "unacceptably high" merchant fees. But the delay in any action beyond Thunder Bay leads some business experts to suspect that — with Visa not yet giving in — Walmart may be close to backing down. "The game's kind of come to a sharp end," says marketing expert Lindsay Meredith. The Simon Fraser University professor believes Walmart has decided, "'Why don't we make a hasty retreat and let this one die?'" But Walmart tells CBC News the battle is still on. It says it's moving forward with its national Visa ban — at some point. "The change will [be] rolled out in phases across the country," said spokesman Alex Roberton in an email. "Dates have not yet been set." Not going so well? Meredith says Walmart could have dropped Visa from all its stores in one quick move if it truly wanted to. "All you have to do is, you put a sign up on the front of each store saying, 'We ain't taking Visa. There, we made the change.'" He believes Walmart chose a small region as a test market to see how customers react. "Thunder Bay is a nice little quiet way to test the waters a bit without getting nailed." Walmart says it will roll out its Visa ban across Canada in phases. 'Dates have not yet been set,' said spokesman Alex Roberton. (Chris Hondros/Getty Images) Now that almost three weeks have passed since the Thunder Bay move, Meredith suspects that Walmart has crunched the numbers and doesn't like the results. "Translated, sales have dropped," he says. Carleton University business professor Ian Lee agrees. "They got the data back and it was not good," he suggests. And that negative data, concludes Lee, "caused them to rethink and postpone a further rollout." Visa as victor? Lee says, as a result of Walmart's apparent retreat, "Visa is winning." Meredith is also making an early call that Visa is the victor. He says the retail giant miscalculated, believing it could get the credit card company to bend by now. "They're thinking that they're big enough that they could have got Visa to go along with the pressure, and Walmart misjudged." Small businesses root for Walmart Walmart is one of Canada's largest retailers, but Meredith points out that Visa is also a giant. The company says more than 17 million Canadians carry its credit card. And Meredith believes Visa won't fold because it would set an ugly precedent. "You give a rate cut to Walmart, then you're going to be getting pressure from all kinds of other retailers in Canada for the same rate cut." CBC News asked Visa Canada how talks with Walmart are progressing. The company said it has no updates to share at this time. When Walmart dropped Visa in Thunder Bay, the credit card company stated that until there's an agreement, "We encourage shoppers to use their cards at the more than 5,200 stores in Thunder Bay that accept Visa." Walmart buying time? Not every industry watcher believes it's game over. Retail expert Janice Rudkowski suggests Walmart is simply buying time while it pores over the Thunder Bay data and decides its next move. "There's a much bigger project in store for them if they were to roll it out," says the professor with the Ted Rogers School of Retail Management. "They're probably just taking the time they need to make sure they're doing the right thing." Rudkowski adds this would be the first time Walmart would have data in Canada on dropping a credit card, so it would want time to carefully study the results. CBC News in Thunder Bay polled Walmart shoppers informally and found mixed reaction to the Visa ban. Thunder Bay Walmart customers mixed on Visa ban "We prefer to use our Visa, so it's disappointing, but we have other forms of payment," said customer Alicia Costanzo the day the ban took effect.   "Maybe Visa was charging too much, is what we're hearing," said Julie Drewes. However, she suspects Walmart's battle with Visa is more than a dispute over merchant fees. "I think eventually they're just going to want us to use their [card] and then they get the profits." Walmart offers a branded MasterCard whose customers can earn rewards to redeem in-store products. When asked when they would stop accepting Visa, a couple of Walmart cashiers in Toronto said they had no idea. But both offered information on how to get a Walmart MasterCard. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Latest Business Headlines Score one for the big guys as judge sides with Bell in battle with VMedia over future of TV November 23, 12:16 PM ET read comments Peak gas? World demand for gasoline may never be higher than it is now November 23, 12:28 PM ET read comments Lufthansa strike grounds 1,800 flights — so far November 23, 1:39 PM ET read comments Cuba's beaches this winter — what to expect (not Americans) November 23, 5:21 AM ET Toyota recalling 60,000 Sienna minivans for defective sliding doors November 23, 9:26 AM ET read comments Must Watch Video Well-being in decline 2:00 Canada's economic wealth is growing. But Canadians feel their quality of life is going downhill Video Understanding financial fees 6:38 Shannon Lee Simmons is a financial planner and founder of the New School of Finance Video The Ticker 9:38 Carol Wilding, CEO of the Chartered Professional Accountants of Ontario, talks about some of the day's top stories Video Earthquake risk: Insurers get stress-tested 6:17 Pedro Antunes, deputy chief economist at the Conference Board, on disaster testing financial institutions Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY Nov 23, 2016 1:44 PM ET Nov 23, 2016 1:45 PM ET Nov 23, 2016 1:45 PM ET Nov 23, 2016 1:50 PM ET Nov 23, 2016 1:44 PM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15096.58 -3.80 DOW 19067.08 43.21 NASDAQ 5369.86 -16.49 SP 500 2202.19 -0.75 TSX-VENTURE 726.70 -5.93 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed Goliath won: Judge sides with Bell in VMedia battle over future of TV read comments IEA forecast says demand for gasoline may shrink in coming decades read comments Cuba's beaches this winter — what to expect (not Americans) 'Underestimated' Trump could change the rules on trade: Don Pittis read comments CRTC warns cable companies to behave following $25 basic TV outrage read comments Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss Analysis Trump effect blamed as mortgage rates rise and bonds tumble: Don Pittis Analysis Are the Trump family's business ties a problem in the White House? Inside the Bay's $60-million bid to take on Amazon Analysis Is your bank ripping you off? Would you even know? REAL ESTATE Toronto real estate investors deny they're driving up the market 'So frustrating': How to complain about your airline and why the rules may change How to pick a realtor and best avoid pitfalls like double-ended deals CBC INVESTIGATES Better enforcement, steeper fines: What's needed to fix the real estate industry Real estate agents caught breaking the rules on Marketplace's hidden camera Analysis Britain's chance to lead the world away from anti-foreign paranoia: Don Pittis The lowdown on the Montney: Canada's next big energy bet has same high stakes as oilsands Analysis Liberals' infrastructure boost overlooks need to support Canadian innovators: Don Pittis Key players in Dakota Access pipeline fight Oil industry teetered 'close to bankruptcy,' but experts see signs of hope 'I got shafted': Air Miles collectors locked out of cash rewards for expiring miles Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2016 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics 2016 Elections National National Politics World Legislature Weather Live Traffic Map Opinion/Voices Religion Today's Newspaper Right2Know Crime Weird News Interactives News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Markets Business Wire Technology Videos Today's Newspaper Jobs Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Quizzes Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Sports Features ActiveStyle HomeStyle Food Business More Videos Video Galleries Videos Travel High Profile Food Religion Special Sections Arkansas Bridal Community Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Family Style Dear Abby Blogs Columnists Polls Previous Features Tweets Big Bend Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Broadway Bridge Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Wednesday, November 23, 2016, 1:07 p.m. Home / Business / For dean, history, future mix in NW By Emma Hurt This article was published August 7, 2016 at 2:04 a.m. PHOTO BY DAVID GOTTSCHALK Matthew Waller, dean of the Sam M. Walton College of Business, said he believes the college’s emphasis on retail logistics and supply chain management has helped it grow to 6,000 students. Comments aAFont Size When Matthew Waller joined the faculty of the University of Arkansas' unranked business school in 1994, there were 2,000 students. This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: For dean, history, future mix in NW Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Bankruptcy watch Business news in brief Wal-Mart updates 'best by' labeling State’s Nighthawk in deal to distribute price... For dean, history, future mix in NW State trucking leader neither opposes nor adv... GMO labels sticky for food firms 'Zika' new buzzword in sales pitches 2-story penthouses sell first at 52-unit NY c... More Business stories > Comments on: For dean, history, future mix in NW To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented BRENDA LOOPER: A false alarm (4 comments) Trump rethinks need for torture (6 comments) Arrest in assault costs Arkansas State Police trooper job (6 comments) Shots fired into car in Little Rock kill 2-year-old (10 comments) BRUMMETT ONLINE: It’s Bubba time (16 comments) Police: Mother was with 2-year-old killed in drive-by shooting in Little Rock (3 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2016, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2016, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Latest News Dow 19,071 +47.56 +0.25% Nasdaq 5,370 -16.35 -0.30% S&P 500 2,202 -0.74 -0.03% 2:06 P.M. ET Gold futures slip back in electronic trading below settlement level 2:05 P.M. ET Juno Therapeutics downgraded to market perform from outperform at FBR & Co. 2:05 P.M. ET Nasdaq Composite down 17 points, or 0.3%, at 5,369 2:04 P.M. ET Dollar trades at 112.59 yen, up 1.4% on day 2:04 P.M. ET S&P 500 down 1 point, or less than 0.1%, at 2,202 2:04 P.M. ET Dec. gold at $1,190.30/oz in electronic trading, up from $1,189.30 settlement 2:04 P.M. ET Gold futures edge up in electronic trade after FOMC minutes 2:04 P.M. ET Dow industrials up 48 points, or 0.3%, at 19.072 2:03 P.M. ET Euro down 0.8% at $1.0549 2:03 P.M. ET Dollar maintains gains after minutes of November Fed meeting 2:03 P.M. ET Breaking Stocks unchanged after release of Fed minutes 2:02 P.M. ET Updated Fed VIPs saw rate hike coming ‘relatively soon,’ November FOMC minutes show 2:00 P.M. ET Fed indicated rate hike could come 'relatively soon,' FOMC minutes show 2:00 P.M. ET Fed saw further improvement in labor markets, inflation in November 2:00 P.M. ET Most Fed officials agreed rate hike could come 'relatively soon,' FOMC minutes show 1:54 P.M. ET Updated Oil prices waver as traders weigh supply decline, rig count rise and OPEC 1:50 P.M. ET Dec. gold drops $21.90, or 1.8%, to settle at $1,189.30/oz 1:50 P.M. ET Gold futures log lowest finish since early February ahead of FOMC minutes 1:50 P.M. ET Bank of America raises S&P 500 target, but still sees it giving back some gains 1:50 P.M. ET Updated More patient deaths in Juno clinical trial casts clouds over cancer drug’s future Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Florida's Cox Maintains Lead At Professional Bass Fishing's Forrest Wood Cup Presented By Walmart By Published: Aug 6, 2016 9:41 p.m. ET Share HUNTSVILLE, Ala., Aug. 6, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Pro angler John Cox of DeBary, Florida, weighed a five-bass limit totaling 11 pounds even Saturday to hold his lead after Day Three of the Forrest Wood Cup presented by Walmart, on Wheeler Lake in Huntsville, Alabama. Cox will bring a slim 9-ounce lead over second-place angler Todd Auten of Lake Wylie, South Carolina, into championship Sunday, which will feature the final 10 pros casting for the $300,000 top cash prize. Link to photo of Day Three leader John Cox Link to HD video of Cox weighing in his leading limit on Day Three "I headed south to the same creek arm that I've been hitting for the past two days," said Cox, whose previous best showing at a Forrest Wood Cup was a 16 [th] place finish in 2013. "I wanted to change things up at first, but I decided to return. So many anglers have won tournaments like this in one spot. For me, that is the spot. "There's a ton of laydowns and a little bit of duckweed in there," Cox continued. "The duckweed moved around a bit in the current. It was a grind today. I only caught seven keepers – all before noon." Cox said he used a few different lures to entice his limit, including a frog, a buzzbait and a topwater. "In the afternoon, I headed to another arm farther north that had bigger fish – I could see them," said Cox. "I tried flipping and fishing shadier banks to really mix it up, but the water was too dirty. It just didn't feel right, so I brought in what I had. "Tomorrow I'm going to keep my head down and pray that I can get 12 or 13 pounds," said Cox. "I think that's what it will take for me to win." The top 10 pros that will continue to championship Sunday on Wheeler Lake are: 1 [st] :          John Cox, DeBary, Fla., 15 bass, 43-5 2 [nd] :         Todd Auten, Lake Wylie, S.C., 14 bass, 42-12 3 [rd] :          Michael Neal, Dayton, Tenn., 15 bass, 37-14 4 [th] :          Bryan Thrift, Shelby, N.C., 15 bass, 37-13 5 [th] :          Jacob Wheeler, Indianapolis, Ind., 15 bass, 37-3 6 [th] :          Walmart pro Mark Rose, West Memphis, Ark., 15 bass, 36-9 7 [th] :          Brandon Cobb, Greenwood, S.C., 15 bass, 35-9 8 [th] :          Joseph Webster, Fulton, Miss., 15 bass, 34-13 9 [th] :          Chris Johnston, Peterborough, Ontario, Canada, 15 bass, 34-3 10 [th] :        Jeremy Lawyer, Sarcoxie, Mo., 14 bass, 32-15 Finishing 11 [th] : through 20 [th] are: 11 [th] :        Yamamoto Baits pro Jimmy Reese, Witter Springs Calif., 15 bass, 32-7, $15,000 12 [th] :        Scott Martin, Clewiston, Fla., 15 bass, 32-3, $15,000 13 [th] :        Cody Meyer, Auburn, Calif., 15 bass, 32-2, $15,000 14 [th] :        Darrel Robertson, Jay, Okla., 13 bass, 30-0, $15,000 15 [th] :        David Dudley, Lynchburg, Va., 15 bass, 29-14, $15,000 16 [th] :        Shane LeHew, Mooresville, N.C., 15 bass, 29-13, $15,000 17 [th] :        J.T. Kenney, Palm Bay, Fla., 11 bass, 29-5, $15,000 18 [th] :        Bill Chapman, Salt Rock, W. Va., 15 bass, 29-3, $15,000 19 [th] :        Brandon McMillan, Clewiston, Fla., 13 bass, 25-12, $15,000 20 [th] :        Ray Hanselman, Del Rio, Texas, 13 bass, 24-0 $15,000 Final results for the remaining field can be found at FLWFishing.com. Overall there were 95 bass weighing 207 pounds, 6 ounces caught by pros Saturday. The catch included 17 five-bass limits. The final 10 anglers will take off from the Ditto Landing located at 2963 Ditto Landing Road in Huntsville, at 7 a.m. Sunday at the Folger's Morning Takeoff. Sunday's final weigh-in will be held at the Propst Arena located at 700 Monroe St. SW, in Huntsville, beginning at 5 p.m. Fans will also be treated to the FLW Expo on Sunday at the Von Braun Center from 10 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., prior to the final weigh-in. The Expo includes games, activities and giveaways provided by more than 40 FLW sponsors, the opportunity to shop the latest tackle and outdoor gear from more than 100 exhibitors, Ranger boat simulators, a casting pond and a trout pond for children, as well as the opportunity to meet and interact with top professional anglers, including Hank Parker, Jimmy Houston and Byron Velvick. FLW's namesake Forrest L. Wood, the legendary founder of Ranger Boats, will also be greeting fans. On Sunday the first 500 children 14 and under who are accompanied by an adult will receive a voucher to redeem for a free rod and reel combo courtesy of WHNT News 19 after the evening's weigh-in. Also on Sunday, one lucky fishing fan will win a brand new Ranger Z521C bass boat with a 250-horsepower Mercury outboard motor courtesy of WAFF 48. The Ranger Boat giveaway is free to enter but the winner must be present at the conclusion of Sunday's final weigh-in to win. FLW fans will be treated to the Bass & BBQ Festival in conjunction with the FLW Expo. The BBQ Festival, presented by WQRV 100.3 The River, will feature four award-winning BBQ teams offering delicious fare to visitors at the Forrest Wood Cup. A portion of all proceeds will be donated to local Alabama charities. Country music superstar Dustin Lynch will perform a free concert on the Walmart weigh-in stage at the Propst Arena on Sunday starting at 4 p.m., prior to the final weigh-in. The concert is presented by WDRM 102.1 radio. Lynch occupies a unique place in today's country music. Thanks to his classic sensibilities, he's been heralded as the heir to George Strait's throne. Yet with one listen to, "Where It's At" it's obvious the young Tennessee native knows how to combine his traditional influences with an edgy intensity that places him at the vanguard of today's contemporary country scene. The Folger's Morning Takeoff, FLW Expo, Bass & BBQ event, live concert and weigh-ins are all free and open to the public. Coverage of the Forrest Wood Cup will be broadcast in high-definition (HD) on the NBC Sports Network (NBCSN) when "FLW" airs October 18 from 1 p.m.-2 p.m. EDT. The Emmy-nominated "FLW" television show airs on NBCSN, the Pursuit Channel and the World Fishing Network and is broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, making it the most widely distributed weekly outdoors-sports television show in the world. The 2016 Forrest Wood Cup at Wheeler Lake presented by Walmart is being hosted by the Huntsville/Madison County Convention and Visitors Bureau. For a full schedule of events, complete details and updated information visit FLWFishing.com. For regular updates, photos, tournament news and more, follow us on Facebook at Facebook.com/FLWFishing and on Twitter at Twitter.com/FLWFishing. About FLW FLW is the world's largest tournament-fishing organization, providing anglers of all skill levels the opportunity to compete for millions in prize money in 2016 across five tournament circuits. Headquartered in Benton, Kentucky, with offices in Minneapolis, FLW conducts more than 235 bass-fishing tournaments annually across the United States and sanctions tournaments in Canada, China, Mexico and South Korea. FLW tournament fishing can be seen on the Emmy-nominated "FLW" television show, broadcast to more than 564 million households worldwide, while FLW Bass Fishing magazine delivers cutting-edge tips from top pros. For more information visit FLWFishing.com and follow FLW at Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube and Snapchat: @FLWFishing. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/floridas-cox-maintains-lead-at-professional-bass-fishings-forrest-wood-cup-presented-by-walmart-300310168.html SOURCE FLW Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Billionaire Ron Burkle is buyer behind Bob Hope’s iconic Palm Springs mansion View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate News Melania Trump may be right: Moving in middle of school year could mess up kids View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 50° Share Española Walmart will close for 8 weeks starting mid-September By Journal North Staff Published: Monday, August 8th, 2016 at 5:30pm Updated: Monday, August 8th, 2016 at 10:35pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... SANTA FE, N.M. — The Walmart store in Española will be closing for about eight weeks starting in mid-September for foundation and drainage repairs. In a statement, company spokesman Delia Garcia said, “During the temporary store closure, associates will continue their regular employment with Walmart and the pharmacy will remain open to customers. We know how important our store is to local families who shop with us and we are committed to returning the store to full operation as quickly as possible.” Before the closure and repair work, in the next several weeks, an assessment of  “ongoing foundation and drainage issues” will be going on, Garcia said. State Sen. Richard Martinez, D-Rio Española, issued a statement saying, “It’s reassuring to know that the store associates will continue to earn a paycheck and that Española families can continue to access the Walmart pharmacy. “I am especially pleased about the investment Walmart will be making in remodeling the store and am excited to see the improvements they will be making.” Advertisement Continue reading Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe ABQnews Seeker Business Journal North Journal North Recent News Most Recent Biz News New Mexico News Retail Suggested Stories: Walmart Unviels New Look – Jun 9, 2011 Walmart Breaks Its Online Records on Cyber Monday 2014 – Dec 2, 2014 Walmart Launches "Women Owned" Logo In-store & Online – Mar 11, 2015 Walmart has "steady" growth in NM – Jul 22, 2015 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |


News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Jobs Cars Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive Wal-Mart buying Jet.com to lift online sales, battle Amazon Monday Aug 8, 2016 at 2:40 AM Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said on Monday it would buy online retailer Jet.com for about $3 billion, the largest-ever deal for an e-commerce startup, as it pushes to revive its underperforming Web business to compete with market leader Amazon.com Inc. By Nandita BoseReuters Wal-Mart Stores Inc. said on Monday it would buy online retailer Jet.com for about $3 billion, the largest-ever deal for an e-commerce startup, as it pushes to revive its underperforming Web business to compete with market leader Amazon.com Inc. The Jet deal would be Wal-Mart's biggest yet in a five-year e-commerce acquisition spree, as the world's largest retailer tries to also be a dominant player online. Wal-Mart has spent billions to build up its e-commerce business over the years. Its efforts included offering two-day shipping at half the price of Amazon's Prime shipping program, opening massive e-commerce distribution centers and hiring thousands of workers. Yet Wal-Mart's online division has struggled, posting its slowest growth in a year in the first quarter. Wal-Mart said it would pay around $3 billion in cash for Jet, part of which would be paid over time. They will also pay an additional $300 million in shares over time. The retailer would integrate Jet's pricing software - which allows the startup to lower prices as a customer adds items to their shopping cart - on its own website, but run Wal-Mart.com and Jet.com as separate entities, Wal-Mart spokesman Dan Toporek said. Moody's retail analyst Charlie O'Shea said the acquisition gives Wal-Mart "a definite leg-up on its competitors in the very important race to be number two online." "The impact on Amazon will be fairly benign. However, this acquisition, in tandem with its joint-venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Walmart is attacking online retail with significant zeal," he said. In June, Wal-Mart said it sold a majority stake in Chinese e-commerce firm Yihaodian to JD.com Inc, China's second-largest e-commerce company. In the first quarter, Wal-Mart's online sales grew 7 percent, down from 8 percent, 10 percent, 16 percent and 17 percent in the previous periods. In 2015, Wal-Mart's online sales rose 12.3 percent to $13.7 billion, less than the jump of more than 16 percent for Amazon.com to $92.4 billion. Wal-Mart has already bought 15 startups in an attempt to bring in the talent and technology needed to drive online growth. It has not said what it spent on the acquisitions, but prior to this deal disclosed a total of $3.1 billion for e-commerce and digital projects, such as its platform and new warehouses, in the four fiscal years to January 2017. Jet.com was launched by internet entrepreneur Marc Lore in July last year. Wal-Mart did not comment on who will run its new e-commerce business. Earlier media reports suggested it could be Lore. He previously cofounded Quidsi, the owner of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com, which was sold to Amazon. The decision to run Jet as an independent website is a good step but the price paid is high, UBS retail analyst Michael Lasser said in a note. "The $3 billion purchase price seems pretty steep for a business that may not have made any money and probably won't for some time." Jet has reached $1 billion in gross merchandise value, or the total value of transactions on its platforms, and offered 12 million items in its first year. It has added more than 400,000 new shoppers monthly, Wal-Mart said. Those results would give Wal-Mart the scale to bolster its online presence, broaden its assortment and offer the lowest prices at the same time, analysts said. Wal-Mart has said previously it wants to expand its online selection from around 10 million items to the tens of millions over the next few years. Rival Amazon has more than 200 million items for sale online. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Connect About Us Meet the newsroom Contact Us Submit letter to editor Submit story Submit announcement FAQs Services Subscribe Manage Subscription Newsletter Signup Advertising Advertise with us Legal Notices Place a Classified Ad Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Pinterest Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2016 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Times Record ~ 3600 Wheeler Ave., Fort Smith, AR 72902 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Local State Nation & World Crime Politics Legislature Weather Business Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports High School Razorbacks UAFS Sports Blog Auto Racing Auto Racing Entertainment Local Entertainment Music Movies TV Guide Calendar Life Taste Recipes Feature Columnists Announcements Opinion Editorials Columns Guest Column Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Weather Skycam Cool Deals Newsletter Contests Special Sections Branded Content Paint It All Pink Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes River Valley Real Estate & Home Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back Wal-Mart buying Jet.com to lift online sales, battle Amazon Reuters | Chicago Aug 09, 2016 11:08 AM IST Photo: Wikipedia Wal-Mart Stores Inc, vying to better challenge Amazon.com Inc, will pay about $3 billion for internet retailer Jet.com and its innovative pricing software in the largest-ever deal for an e-commerce start-up. The deal disclosed on Monday follows a five-year e-commerce acquisition spree in which Wal-Mart, the world's biggest traditional retailer, has already bought 15 start-ups, seeking the talent and technology needed to make it a dominant player online and narrow the massive gap with market leader Amazon. Wal-Mart's online division has underperformed against Amazon, posting its slowest growth in a year in the first quarter as it struggled to gain traction with consumers, especially millennials. Jet.com was launched by internet entrepreneur Marc Lore in July 2015 and includes software that can offer a customer lower prices as they add items to their shopping cart. Wal-Mart has said it would integrate that software into its main website while keeping Jet.com as a separate entity. "One of the things we really like (about Jet) is that the customer is even more in-charge of the price that they pay," Chief Executive Doug McMillon said on a media call. McMillon said Wal-Mart will take time in getting the technology and design components from Jet and that they will grow both brands separately in the short-term. "Over time, piece-by-piece, we will end up running a business that is simpler and not completely independent." McMillon said Lore would run its new U.S. e-commerce business. Lore had cofounded Quidsi, the owner of sites like Diapers.com and Soap.com, which was sold to Amazon. "Marc's e-commerce experience and success are obviously attractive," McMillon said. Wal-Mart's current head of global e-commerce Neil Ashe will leave the company at the end of the fiscal year. The decision to run Jet as an independent website is a good step because it can stay focused on growth, but the price Wal-Mart paid is high, UBS retail analyst Michael Lasser said in a note to clients. Wal-Mart said it would pay around $3 billion in cash and $300 million in shares for Jet, with some of that paid over time. Given Jet's revenue of about $500 million, the cash purchase price represents six times Jet's revenue, according to analysts. Moody's retail analyst Charlie O'Shea said the acquisition gives Wal-Mart a leg-up on competitors in the race to be the No. 2 online retailer, citing the size of Jet.com's online offerings and number of customers. Wal-Mart said Jet has added nearly 400,000 new shoppers monthly. "The impact on Amazon will be fairly benign. However, this acquisition, in tandem with its joint-venture in China with JD.com, demonstrates that Walmart is attacking online retail with significant zeal," he said. In June, Wal-Mart said it sold its Chinese online grocery store in return for a stake in JD.com Inc, China's 2 e-commerce firm. BILLIONS SPENT ON ONLINE EFFORTS Wal-Mart's first-quarter online sales grew 7%, a weaker rate than any of the four quarters just before that. In 2015, Wal-Mart's online sales rose 12.3% to $13.7 billion, compared with a 16% jump to $92.4 billion for Amazon.com. Wal-Mart has not said what it spent on acquisitions, but prior to the Jet.com deal it disclosed a total of $3.1 billion for e-commerce and digital projects, such as its platform and new warehouses, in the four fiscal years to January 2017. The deal should give Wal-Mart the scale to bolster its online presence, broaden its assortment of goods and offer the lowest prices at the same time, analysts said. Wal-Mart noted Jet has offered 12 million items in its first year of operation. Wal-Mart has said previously it wants to expand its online selection from around 10 million items to the tens of millions over the next few years. Rival Amazon has more than 200 million items for sale online. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Ad Ad Most Read Ratan Tata's ego caused financial mess for group firms: Cyrus Mistry Demonetisation: Problem of plenty for RBI as banks park record Rs 4.32 lakh crore Supreme Court refuses to stay petitions against demonetisation Demonetisation: Union Minister latest victim as hospital declines to accept old notes No transaction charges on debit card payments: Govt More From Current Affairs Bracing for Brexit, UK ramps up borrowing and cuts growth forecasts Big banks' relationship with Dodd-Frank - it's complicated U.S. factory, consumer sentiment data brighten economic outlook Dow hits record; U.S. yields, dollar at multi-year highs Healthcare stocks drag Wall Street lower [ more ] Top Stories Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster F C Kohli debunks Mistry's TCS sale claim [ more ] Markets Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 ICICI Prudential MF's attraction story Fall below 7,900 could take Nifty to 7,500-7,600 levels Profit-sharing deals with PEs will need shareholders' nod Sesame output likely to fall 40% due to unfavourable climate [ more ] Companies Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Start-ups gear up to raise fresh funds under liberalised ECB regime Wadia sends third notice to Tata Sons Mistry knows where all the bodies are buried in Tata Group: Kumar [ more ] Opinion Gujarat Gas results set off downgrades Expect lower growth at Eicher Reliance Industries valuation at 10-yr low Don't revive inspector raj Resolving a disagreement [ more ] Latest News Donald Trump moderates views but defies conventions Sensex rises 91 pts, closes above 26,000 Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business MoD's blacklisting policy for arms vendors has few of the promised changes [ more ] Today's Paper Sun Pharma's sharpens emerging market focus with $60 mn acquisition in Russia Zee acquires 2 TV channels of Reliance Group; 49% in FM channels business Rs 1 lakh crore shaved off Tata group cos' m-cap since Mistry's ouster Zara's recipe for success: More data, fewer bosses Debit card charges dropped, farmers to get easier cash access [ more ] News you can use Demonetisation: Stricter norms for NRIs Spread equity investments over three-four months Deposits above Rs 2.5 lakh: Don't panic if you receive the I-T notice Expect your household budget to shoot up: Going cashless comes at a cost Opportunities amid chaos New Balance created its PR crisis. Neo-Nazis aren't helping [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TGp79j Home Today's Paper Top Stories Demonetisation Impact Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
