Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Supply Chain > Who’s Taking Responsibility for Your Supply Chain? Who’s Taking Responsibility for Your Supply Chain? May 29, 2017 Dave Blanchard EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Manufacturers are being held to a higher standard of corporate social responsibility, and are developing new best practices to adapt their supply chain ecosystems accordingly. APP’s deforestation efforts begin at nurseries such as this one, where trees are grown from seedlings before being transplanted to the rainforest. APP Advertisement Economist Milton Friedman once said that “the social responsibility of business is to increase its profits,” but then again, Friedman spent his entire career in academia, not manufacturing. He never had to face down shareholders and customers demanding that his company establish sustainability goals and then regularly report on their progress toward reaching those goals. For manufacturers today, it definitely matters that companies include corporate social responsibility as part of their standard business practices. If a company appears to be lax on the CSR front, it can take a lot of time—and-money—to restore their reputation. Just ask Asia Pulp & Paper (APP), the third biggest paper manufacturer in the world. As a multi-national company whose products are agricultural-based, APP uses a lot of natural resources to create its paper-based products, including tissue and packaging materials. The paper production process involves the cutting down of a lot of trees, amounting to more than 20 million metric tons of pulp and paper per year. APP is headquartered in the island nation of Indonesia, which has the largest rainforest in Asia and the second largest in the world (after Brazil). There’s a fine line between the business of producing paper and reckless deforestation practices, and according to activist non-government organizations (NGOs) like Greenpeace and the World Wildlife Fund, APP crossed that line and then some, since the charges were leveled that the company was endangering both the flora as well as the fauna of the rainforest by stripping bare the habitats of tigers and orangutans, threatening the lifestyles of indigenous peoples living in the rainforest, and even contributing to climate change due to a large amount of greenhouse gas emissions. The seriousness of the charges against APP was sufficient to convince several major customers, such as Mattel, Office Depot, Staples and Walmart, to end their relationships with the paper company. That fall from grace, coupled with the loss of a lot of business, prompted APP to embrace CSR in a big way, which resulted in its Forest Conservation Policy. The central premise behind the FCP is APP’s intent to dramatically reverse the effects of deforestation by halting the harvesting of natural forest timber throughout its entire supply chain. Among other things, APP’s stated plan is to be completely reliant on plantation-sourced (as opposed to rainforest-sourced) pulpwood, and that carbon emissions will be reduced by 26% by 2020. To prove to the world that it meant what it said, APP also invited the Rainforest Alliance, a prominent NGO, to independently evaluate the company’s progress. Popular Now How to Use a Stage-Gate Process to Manage Organizational Change Shifting Gears: The Future of Automobiles How to Reduce Costs through Supply Chain Network Optimization Early reports are promising, though the Rainforest Alliance’s finding concludes that APP has gotten off to a good start but still needs to do a lot more. At a media event in Indonesia, Aida Greenbury, APP’s managing director of sustainability, acknowledged that more work does indeed need to be done, but as she told IndustryWeek, “We can’t do it alone. We’re addressing our legacy, but to achieve zero deforestation with our suppliers and other producers, we have to work together to find solutions.” Speaking by way of analogy, she explained, “We’ve started with the foundation, and have started building the house, but we’re not to the roof yet. We’ve got a good blueprint and a good foundation, but we’re still early in the process.” Merely promising to eliminate deforestation wasn’t going to win back any business for APP; the company had to actually demonstrate how that was going to happen. On the island of Sumatra, within APP’s R&D center, forests are actually being created, one tree at a time. APP’s scientists have created a new and hardier crop of acacia and eucalyptus trees (the types of trees the company harvests for paper), which can grow to their full height of 65 feet in about five years. These trees, developed as seedlings in a lab setting, offer visual proof that APP has figured out a way to replenish the natural resources it depends on, one seedling at a time. And APP’s public commitment to deforestation has won back several of the customers it had lost, including Staples and Walmart.   Will It Go Round in Circles? Buzzwords are as prevalent in sustainability discussions as any other area of manufacturing, and the term circular economy has emerged recently to describe companies’ efforts to reuse and recycle as much raw material as possible, with the idea of keeping products from ever ending up in a landfill. The circular economy aims to turn waste into wealth by keeping resources in productive use—in effect, becoming a kind of closed-loop supply chain. More than 90% of companies told consulting firm Accenture that they are implementing circular business models in their supply chains, particularly for material recovery and recycling. However, it turns out that many manufacturers are adopting circular economy strategies due to competitive pressure, and not with the intent of putting circularity at the front and center of their supply chain operations, notes Sudipta Ghosh and Harry Morrison, managing directors with Accenture. In a recent study of 500 companies with revenues over $1 billion, Accenture discovered that companies are more likely to be motivated by low-cost rivals or warranty issues, and not the social responsibility aspect. “Most efforts don’t decouple production from primary resource use,” Ghosh and Morrison note. “Not only is this leading to sizable losses in cost-savings and efficiencies, but it is also resulting in missed opportunities to unleash growth and profitability across the business.” It’s also just as likely that companies are going green because, well, they don’t have much choice, particularly if they’re consumer packaged goods (CPG) manufacturers who sell to big-box retail giant Walmart. In April 2017, Walmart launched Project Gigaton, which aims to reduce 1 billion tons of greenhouse gas emissions from its global supply chain by 2030. The retailer is expected to urge the new project on its suppliers by following the same basic supply chain modus operandi it used in years past when pushing for EDI, RFID and labeling standards: Do it if you want to continue doing business with us. As Laura Phillips, Walmart’s senior vice president of sustainability, told Bloomberg, most of the carbon reductions will come from key CPG suppliers, such as General Mills, Campbell Soup and Unilever. In launching Project Gigaton, Walmart collaborated with some key NGOs, such as the World Wildlife Fund and the Environmental Defense Fund, to develop an emissions reduction toolkit. As APP learned, having the NGO community supporting your efforts goes a long way in winning the all-important battle for good publicity.   Slaves to Their Jobs While environmental activists can often identify pollution by sight alone, as both water and air tend to take on unnatural hues when exposed to chemicals, it’s nowhere near as easy to spot the incidences of slavery and human trafficking in the workplace, despite the fact that slavery is a problem of global proportions, says consultant Robert Kuhn, chair of ISM’s Sustainability and Social Responsibility committee. Nearly 46 million people live subjected to some form of involuntary servitude, according to the Global Slavery Index, but rescuing those people will require the collective efforts of all manufacturers closely monitoring their own supply chains as well as the supply chains of their suppliers, both upstream (e.g., mining or agricultural workers) and downstream (e.g., apparel sweatshops). “Eradicating modern slavery is first and foremost a moral imperative, but it is also an issue of reputational risk and regulatory compliance,” Kuhn explains. In fact, the ISM’s guiding principles on human rights recommend, in part, that all supply chain professionals: • Communicate organizational human rights policies and expectations to suppliers and throughout the supply chain. • Be vigilant as to possible human rights violations in the supply chain. • Implement appropriate organizational policies and procedures upon learning of suspected abuse. Easier said than done, though. Although almost half of all slaves are in India, it’s a myth that modern slavery only occurs in Third World or emerging countries. For instance, more than 1.5 million people working in slavery-like conditions live in Europe, North America, Australia and Japan, points out Helen Carter, a consultant with Action Sustainability. Also, as the history of human misery has proven time and again, slavery is quite lucrative to the slaveholders. “Forced labor in the private economy generates $150 billion in illegal profits every year,” Carter notes. It’s also a myth, she adds, that sex trafficking represents the majority of all instances of modern slavery; in fact, sex trafficking makes up only about 20% of all cases. By far the majority occur in manufacturing, construction, agriculture, mining, textiles, utilities and domestic work. So how do you ensure that the raw materials your company sources or the piecework done to produce your final products weren’t the result of forced labor? For starters, it’s vital that a company spell out its specific policies toward slavery and forced labor standards, which should include a process for protecting whistleblowers and supporting victims of slavery practices, Carter says. It’s also important that the company’s leaders, extending to the very top of the corporate ladder, are in full support of your anti-slavery policies, and that all employees are trained on the company’s approach to thwarting labor exploitation. Then conduct a risk and opportunity assessment, she suggests, and determine the measures you’re going to use. She recommends that companies analyze their spend and map out their supply chain. You need to know where your biggest risk is for exploitation, and how to circumvent those risks. Ultimately, Kuhn admits, identifying and eliminating forced labor is a huge undertaking, as “bad actors have gotten quite good at hiding their subversive activities.” Nevertheless, through collaboration with supply chain partners and working with NGOs, substantial progress toward ending slavery can be made.   Plugging the Skills Gap While the incidence of forced labor can be undetectable, one labor practice that is most definitely front-and-center to manufacturing executives is the training and retention of skilled employees, particularly in an era that seems far more focused on furthering the advances of technology and automation than on the development of people to facilitate those advances. If a company’s first responsibility is to its own workforce, then it’s incumbent upon companies first and foremost to meet the needs of its employees. “U.S. manufacturing job openings are outpacing qualified candidates, resulting in a widening skills gap across the industry,” points out Philippe Cochet, chief productivity officer with global conglomerate General Electric. To plug that gap, GE has launched a program called Brilliant Learning that aims to train more than 150,000 global supply chain employees in the use of digital technologies and new manufacturing processes. “Brilliant Learning is our skills curriculum to train global supply chain employees for the new, highly valuable jobs that are needed in our evolving digital industrial workforce,” Cochet explains. “The initiative is based on GE’s Brilliant Factory strategy, which combines lean, advanced, additive and digital manufacturing to increase productivity.” While the program is initially being rolled out to the company’s supply chain employees, it will also be available to all employees, in multiple languages across all levels of manufacturing roles. “As a digital industrial company, we utilize digital technology across our businesses and work streams,” Cochet continues. “New technology is already augmenting the capabilities of our workers and elevating what it means to work in manufacturing. For example, we are leveraging Big Data to develop energy management insights through our Predix software platform, which is a huge productivity and resource efficiency opportunity. We are also paying close attention on how to best use these types of digital industrial applications in our sustainability program to lower energy costs and emissions.” On the environmental front, Cochet points out that sustainability isn’t considered an initiative at GE; rather, it is integrated into the company’s core business strategy. In energy management, for instance, GE has applied its own innovations in on-site solar and LED lighting at numerous facilities. Just as importantly, GE works very closely with its suppliers, with the emphasis on including them in sustainability efforts. “Our suppliers often come to us for best practice advice on how they can implement similar strategies,” Cochet observes. “We believe this is good business practice.”             Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Sharing Your Global Supply Chain Knowledge -- The Right Way The Dark Side of the Supply Chain Taking Control of Today's Skilled Labor Shortage Workers Strike at 9 US Refineries 2 Who Decides What's In Your Product? Supply Chain Category Sponsored by Arcbest Logistics doesn’t have to be complicated. Welcome to Simplistics™. Welcome to ArcBest℠. With decades of industry expertise, we can handle even the most complex challenges seamlessly and simply. www.arcb.com/simplistics THE LATEST Who’s Taking Responsibility for Your Supply Chain? BMW to Seek Compensation From Bosch for Car-Production Stoppage BMW, Mercedes Become Latest Carmakers Caught in Trump Crossfire Marijuana and Opioids: Controlling Their Effects in the Workplace How Aviation Companies (and Other Manufacturers) Can Embrace Digitization NDSU Research & Technology Park Leads Region in Job Creation More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week May 17, 2017 Article Adding Additive Under the SoCal Sun Brothers Corey and Donovan Weber had next to no manufacturing experience when they opened Forecast 3D back in 1994. Now they make parts for most major automotive and aerospace companies, and are leading the way on the latest additive manufacturing technology....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek After a Foray at Uber, Ford Vet Returns in New Autonomous Vehicle Post GM Accused in Lawsuit of Using VW-Like Defeat Devices The New Flying Cars: How They Work Harley-Davidson’s Decision to Build Plant in Thailand Raises Eyebrows Exxon Investors Amass to Back Climate Change Plan Board Opposes IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Solving Your Top 5 Manufacturing Issues -- with Data Navigating the World of Regulation and Compliance How To Power Smarter Growth Through Spatial Insights Analytics-Based Sales: The New Era of B2B Growth View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers 5 Ways Cloud-Based ERP Makes Reshoring Easier and More Profitable Top 10 OSHA Violations and How to Avoid Them Manufacturers Weigh In On Key Issues Report: 2017 Manufacturing Communications Survey Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support More   Advertisement More from MH&L Global Supply Chain Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
News Sports Business Food 77° Full Menu 77° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us The Jackson County Sheriff’s Office identified Donald Sneed III as the man fatally shot by a sheriff’s deputy Sunday. This family photo shows Sneed with his daughter. Photo courtesy of the Sneed family The Jackson County Sheriff’s Office identified Donald Sneed III as the man fatally shot by a sheriff’s deputy Sunday. This family photo shows Sneed with his daughter. Photo courtesy of the Sneed family Crime May 29, 2017 5:27 PM Jackson County Sheriff releases name of man fatally shot by deputy at Raytown Wal-Mart By Ian Cummings icummings@kcstar.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The Jackson County Sheriff’s Office has released the name of a man fatally shot by a sheriff’s deputy Sunday night during a shoplifting arrest at the Wal-Mart in Raytown. Donald Sneed III, 31, died at a hospital after the deputy shot him while attempting to make the arrest shortly before 10 p.m. at the Wal-Mart at 10300 E. U.S. 350. According to the Sheriff’s Office, Sneed had disarmed the deputy of her stun gun and shocked her in the neck with it before she shot him to defend herself and others at the store. Sneed’s wife, Rachel Sneed, said she was shocked at his death but also knew he had been in trouble recently. The two had been separated for some time while Sneed struggled with substance abuse problems and spent time in Colorado and Florida. The couple had a 10-year-old daughter, and Sneed, a carpenter by trade, had also been a parent to Rachel Sneed’s three children from a previous relationship. “They are pretty shook up,” Rachel Sneed said of the children. “He was really good with kids,” she said. “He was actually a really good person once upon a time. He was very, very sweet. He loved to make people laugh. He would carry an older lady’s groceries to her car at the store. He just went down the wrong road.” Sneed had been an accomplished athlete, Rachel Sneed said. He had earned a black belt in taekwondo. “He was trying to get his life back,” she said. “He was trying to put himself back together for his daughter, he really was.” Rachel Sneed said she and other family members have unanswered questions about how the shoplifting arrest turned into a deadly physical altercation. The incident at the Wal-Mart began while the deputy was working off-duty at the store and recognized Sneed as being wanted for felony arrest warrants. She alerted store employees, who allegedly watched Sneed shoplift some merchandise. Two store employees contacted Sneed as he exited the store and a struggled ensued, according to the Sheriff’s Office. The deputy began to help the employees stop Sneed, who fought with the deputy. The deputy discharged her stun gun at Sneed, but to no effect. The deputy tried using the stun gun directly on Sneed’s body, but that also appeared to have no effect, according to the Sheriff’s Office. When Sneed took the stun gun away from the deputy and used it on her, the weapon was effective. The deputy shot Sneed with her duty weapon. Emergency medical personnel arrived and rendered aid to both Sneed and the deputy. The deputy was treated at a hospital, according to Jackson County Sgt. John Payne, who did not elaborate on the deputy’s injuries. The deputy will be on administrative leave while the shooting is under investigation by the Sheriff’s Office Criminal Investigations Unit, Payne said. Sneed had active felony warrants for robbery and tampering with a motor vehicle. Ian Cummings: 816-234-4633, @Ian__Cummings The Jackson County Sheriff’s Office identified Donald Sneed III as the man fatally shot by a sheriff’s deputy Sunday. The Sheriff’s Office released a photo of Sneed from a previous arrest. Jackson County Sheriff’s Office LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 hours ago Residents concerned, fearful after discovery of body off Trolley Track Trail 1:21 7 hours ago Residents concerned, fearful after discovery of body off Trolley Track Trail 1:06 7 days ago Suspect in Lenexa vehicle theft 0:37 7 days ago One dead after driver strikes teenagers View More Video Crime Cold case: Crime Stoppers and KCPD seek help in solving 2007 homicide Police ID man found slain in wooded area near walking and biking trail trail in Kansas City FBI assisting KC police on trail killings; retired special agent says link is possible Man is shot to death on Prospect, bringing KC’s homicide streak to five days in a row Woman in custody after a man is shot at a house in Olathe Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Daily Brief newsletter! Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get CanadaNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Canadian Medical Association Journal Article Rips Liberals For Letting 18-Year-Olds Buy Pot 5 Andrew Scheer Receives Warm Welcome, But Notes Of Tory Discord Remain 0 Niki Ashton, NDP Leadership Contender, Announces She's Pregnant 7 Andrew Scheer Basks In Hero's Welcome, Calls On Tories To Unite 84 Tory MP Bernard Généreux Says Lisa Raitt, Not Andrew Scheer, Should Have Won Leadership 0 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Canada's Income Inequality ‘Surged Under Harper': Analysis 0 CN Rail Strike Averted, Union Says 0 Boeing Says It Wants To Stop Bombardier From Building Bigger Planes 0 Canadians' Faith In Real Estate Fizzles As Toronto Sales Plunge 0 Deborah Nixon: Something's Wrong If Losing A Job Feels Worse Than Losing A Spouse 0 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost Syrian Women Have A Message: Drop Earrings, Not Bombs 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents 5 Ways Siblings Shape Kids More Than Their Parents Do 0 Flip The Switch: How To Stop The Kids From Fighting In The Car 0 Baby Names 2017: These Monikers Are About To Become Super Trendy 0 Netflix Canada Kids: What's Coming And Going In June 2017 0 Angelina Jolie Credits Mother Marcheline Bertrand With Guiding Her Parenting 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Fidget Spinner Porn Is Not What You Think It Is 0 Sofia Coppola Is First Female Director In Over 50 Years To Win At Cannes 0 Joshua Ostroff: Wonder Woman Will Help Defeat Geek Culture Sexism 1 Prince William Says He Would've Liked Princess Diana's Advice On Parenting 0 Diane Kruger And Joshua Jackson Just Proved Breakups Can Go Well 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style Cannes Film Festival 2017: The 10 Best Fashion Moments From The Red Carpet 0 Gal Gadot And Lynda Carter Bring The Heat To The 'Wonder Woman' Red Carpet 0 Dolce & Gabbana Release Kate Middleton-Inspired Dress 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Ben Stiller And Christine Taylor Split After 17 Years Of Marriage 0 Kumail Nanjiani Tells Grads To ‘Have Sex With An Immigrant’ 0 A 'Pirates Of The Caribbean' Set Features Around $2 Million In Snacks 0 Channing Tatum And Adam Driver Are Your New Favorite Criminals 0 Eddie Vedder And Guns N' Roses Pay Tribute To Chris Cornell During Europe Concerts 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts Minnesota Museum To Remove Gallows Exhibit After Native American Protest 0 Robert Scheer: Director John Scheinfeld On The Spiritual Journey Of Jazz Icon John Coltrane 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Calgary Police Say Patient Attacked First Responders After Car Crash 0 Hot Air Balloon Crashes After Man Proposes To Girlfriend In Alberta 0 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC B.C. NDP Makes Deal With Green Party To Form Minority Government 53 John Horgan, Andrew Weaver Watch Rugby Game Together, Claim They Didn't Talk Politics 0 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Canada HuffPost Quebec (en français) What's Working Video Impact Blogs Canada Video 2 Minutes To Transform ISIS Claims Responsibility For Killing 13 At Baghdad Ice Cream Shop Trudeau Is Latest World Leader To Feel The Burn Of Pope's 'Meh' Face Kids Flies Off Huge Waterslide And Somehow Walks Away Tiger Kills Zookeeper In 'Freak Accident' In U.K. Poutine A Victim Of Cultural Appropriation, Argues Quebec Researcher There's A Microscopic Canadian Flag Hidden In This Penny Medical Journal Rips Liberals For Letting 18-Year-Olds Buy Pot Car Crash Victim Allegedly Attacks Calgary Police, EMS Who Tried To Help The 10 Best Looks From The 2017 Cannes Film Festival B.C. NDP Makes Deal With Green Party To Form Minority Government Despite Show Of Tory Unity, It's Not All Smiles For New Leader NDP Leadership Hopeful Announces She's Pregnant 5 Ways Siblings Shape Kids More Than Their Parents Do 2 Wonder Women. 2 Glamorous Outfits. 1 Red Carpet. Previous Story Next Story Utah Mom Allegedly Locked Kids In Car Trunk To Shop At Walmart HuffPost Canada  |  By Emma Prestwich Email Posted: 05/29/2017 4:48 pm EDT Updated: 05/29/2017 4:49 pm EDT Share Tweet Email Comment tumblr reddit ADVERTISEMENT A Utah mom faces child abuse charges after she allegedly locked her two kids in the trunk of a car and went shopping at Walmart. Tori Castillo was arrested and booked into jail Thursday, according to a police news release obtained by Gephardt Daily. She has been charged with four counts of child abuse involving physical injury and one of retail theft, according to the Weber County Sheriff's Office. Riverdale police arrived at a Walmart Thursday for a report of child neglect, according to the news release. A witness told them that a woman had locked children in a car's trunk. Several people heard noise coming from inside the trunk. The kids, ages two and five, were "moving frantically," "causing the vehicle to shake." Charity Maw heard them pounding against the wall, she told Good4Utah. The Walmart parking lot where the incident happened on Thursday. “The little girl’s voice, just screaming, 'let me out! I’m scared,'” Maw said. “I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad.” Tori Castillo in her booking photo. Shopper Heidi, who didn't want her last name used, told Fox 13 she told the girl how to open the trunk’s emergency latch. The two sweaty children jumped out right away. While they waited for police to get there, the mother came back from the store, Heidi told Fox 13. "The only explanation she had was, 'My babysitter didn't show up.'" Police say the children were released to their father, according to Good4Utah. The state's Department of Child and Family Services is also investigating. Follow HuffPost Canada on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram. More: video Canada Video kids locked in car trunk kids locked in trunk walmart kids locked in car tori castillo riverdale utah Utah crime Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Twitter HuffPost Follow Google Plus HuffPost RSS The Huffington Post All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HPMG News Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Startups to Watch: Chef Shuttle bought by Minneapolis-based Bite Squad Wal-Mart finding favor with some on Wall Street, but not everyone is buying Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas Legislative Black Caucus to host series of town halls Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Fort Smith Director blasts Civil Service Commission for nixing police chief’s hiring plan Population growth strongest in Northwest Arkansas cities, Little Rock and Fort Smith see small gains Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas McLarty Daniel encourages student attendance with car giveaway Flooding in Northeast Arkansas could have more than $300 million economic impact on agriculture industry Fort Smith Director blasts Civil Service Commission for nixing police chief’s hiring plan New Sam’s Club set to open in Springdale, third club in Northwest Arkansas Video / Podcasts Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role Rep. Collins thinks gun policy right where it needs to be, Rep. Blake wants more exemptions Lt. Gov. Tim Griffin says Special Counsel on Russia not a ‘witch hunt’ Farm Bureau president estimates flood damage will top $200 million, pledges fight to keep state tax exemptions Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Kim Littlejohn joins USA Truck as chief technology officer Commercial Arkansas River traffic gains muted by rains, high water levels The Compass Report: State’s top four metro economies end 2016 on a mixed note The Supply Side: Jay Howard enters Act 2 with newest venture Howse Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes Opinion by Michael Tilley (mtilley@talkbusiness.net) 12 hours ago 92 views  Tags: riff raff 0 SHARES Share Tweet Tried to get this essay approved through Russian back channels. Turns out, that’s not a good idea. But the essay contains good words, some of the best words. Some of the best words I know, at least. When’s the medical marijuana become available? • It’s nice you are up early trying to stay healthy. But if you’re jogging on the road before sunrise in dark colors, am not sure how healthy you’ll look with your tibia as a hood ornament and the rest of you tweezered out of my radiator. • Walmart U.S. store receipts want to know about your visit. The incentive to testify is free gift cards. With several hundred million folks shopping Walmart each week, my odds of winning a gift card are somewhere near my odds of being adopted by a Walton. The recent visit was nice, however. The retired guy at the table soliciting Children’s Hospital donations has a Rollie Fingers’ mustache. Took him about three months to grow it out to where he could wax it up with the curly flair on each end. He was in the Navy. Retired as a cook on a submarine. He misses it. “I’d go back tomorrow if they’d let me. I loved being in the Navy,” he said. An elderly couple was arguing over fruit. Those 3 for 98-cents chunky chocolate chip cookies y’all pimp near the healthy stuff were calling my name, but I resisted. Several folks were picking through your beef and poultry selection, probably prepping for a Memorial Day grill. But your beef is not the best quality and a little overpriced. Best money on beef is still with a local butcher shop or at Harps. Ran into an old friend who now lives in Florida. We got to catchin’ up and noticed we were bottle necking one of the self-checkout lanes. Sorry about that, Mr. Foran. Facebook is where you can find me if there is any interest in adoption. • With each one of these Memorial Day and Veterans Day events I become less supportive of a government that sends us to war based on perceived national security interests. Big money and big religion can go take a long walk. The defense industry, also. We all should be tired of being sucked in by the blind patriotism and manufactured fear borne of flag-wrapped fiction. • He’s boss in the Big Easy, but it’s been anything but easy for New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu. The city removed four confederate monuments from its public areas, with the last being the iconic statue of Gen. Robert E. Lee high atop a 60-foot pedestal in the city’s popular Tivoli Circle. Backlash has been nasty. Members of the Fort Smith School Board can relate. As, to some extent, might Arkansas Gov. Asa Hutchinson and others who supported the successful separation of holidays for Martin Luther King Jr. and Robert E. Lee. Mayor Landrieu gave a speech just a few hours before the Lee statue was removed from Tivoli Circle. He didn’t come to mollify, equivocate or go pansy ass and seek some political middle ground. He came out with a little edge, a dash of anger; as if put out for having to justify the removal of tributes to those who fought to defend slavery. “The historic record is clear: the Robert E. Lee, Jefferson Davis, and P.G.T. Beauregard statues were not erected just to honor these men, but as part of the movement which became known as The Cult of the Lost Cause. This ‘cult’ had one goal — through monuments and through other means — to rewrite history to hide the truth, which is that the Confederacy was on the wrong side of humanity,” the Mayor said. Cult. Wrong side of humanity. Preach on, brother Landrieu. “America was the place where nearly 4,000 of our fellow citizens were lynched, 540 alone in Louisiana; where the courts enshrined ‘separate but equal’; where Freedom riders coming to New Orleans were beaten to a bloody pulp. So when people say to me that the monuments in question are history, well what I just described is real history as well, and it is the searing truth,” Landreiu said. “And it immediately begs the questions: why there are no slave ship monuments, no prominent markers on public land to remember the lynchings or the slave blocks; nothing to remember this long chapter of our lives; the pain, the sacrifice, the shame … all of it happening on the soil of New Orleans. “So for those self-appointed defenders of history and the monuments, they are eerily silent on what amounts to this historical malfeasance, a lie by omission. “There is a difference between remembrance of history and reverence of it. … As President George W. Bush said at the dedication ceremony for the National Museum of African American History & Culture, ‘A great nation does not hide its history. It faces its flaws and corrects them.’” (You, Kind Reader, can link here for the full speech.) A correction is underway. Dying out daily is the generation sympathetic, even if subconsciously so, to confederate symbols of a “lost cause” and other emblems of white Judeo-Christian supremacy. A majority of Millennials and younger generations don’t play that game. Mick and the boys were right. Time is on our side. Comments comments Previous post Computer coding enthusiasm Next post Arkansas Legislative Black Caucus to host series of town halls Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Gov. Asa Hutchinson Computer coding enthusiasm Tamika Edwards Ending poverty one judgment at a time Stacey Mason 15 skills to build Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Latest Popular Arkansas Legislative Black Caucus to host series of town halls 6 hours ago Riff Raff: Observations, curly mustaches and lost causes 12 hours ago Computer coding enthusiasm 12 hours ago Revenue and Tax chairman wants highway plan inside tax code overhaul 2 days ago U.S. Rep. Hill focused on financing secrecy in oversight role 2 days ago State official says ‘review and investigation’ of Fort Smith recycling program underway 1,074 views Population growth strongest in Northwest Arkansas cities, Little Rock and Fort Smith see small gains 1,043 views New Sam’s Club set to open in Springdale, third club in Northwest Arkansas 865 views Fort Smith Director blasts Civil Service Commission for nixing police chief’s hiring plan 803 views Trump’s proposed cuts to USDA could have dramatic impact on Arkansas farmers and rural communities 736 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
My SUN+ account Logout Search Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Toronto Sun Tuesday May 30 2017 Home News In News Toronto & GTA Ontario Canada World Weird Archives Sports In Sports Latest Scores Toronto Maple Leafs Blue Jays Raptors Toronto Rock Argonauts Toronto FC Hockey Golf Baseball Football Basketball Soccer Curling Tennis Horse Racing Motorsports Mixed Martial Arts Other Sports Archives Entertainment In Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Stage Books Archives Life In Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Fashion Education & Careers Sun in the Community Archives Tech In Tech Gadgets News Gaming Discovery Archives Money In Money Money Home Archives Travel In Travel Ontario Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion In Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos In Photos Videos In Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Sunshine Girl In Sunshine Girl Become a Sunshine Girl Archives Moremore Flyers This Week Homes Golf Weather Find-a-Rental Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Stage Books Archives Entertainment Celebrities Tracy Morgan: Alive and kicking By Nelson Branco, 24 Hrs First posted: Friday, May 26, 2017 05:58 PM EDT | Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 08:32 AM EDT Despite a flurry of setbacks, Tracy Morgan is back and kicking. Where else? Netflix. NETFLIX Tweet Change text size for the story Print this story Report an error What doesn't kill you makes you stronger. If you're cynical about the old adage, then let us reintroduce you to Tracy Morgan. The Bronx, New York native has a history of adversity from losing his heroin-addicted war vet father - who abandoned him at just six years old - to AIDS when Morgan was just 19; failing as a crack cocaine dealer while being on welfare as a young, married father and husband; grappling with his best friend's murder; and successfully battling alcohol addiction which had led to a diabetes diagnosis that required a kidney transplant. Quite the résumé, huh? But now you can say he literally cheated death. On June 7, 2014, Morgan survived being hit by a Walmart 18-wheel tractor-trailer, resulting in a six-vehicle crash in New Jersey, after performing his last standup tour, Turn It Funny. Fate once again tested Morgan's mettle when he learned another one of his close friends and fellow comedian, James McNair, was killed in the crash. For Morgan, it was a long road back to life, having suffered a brain injury that left him comatose for eight days while enduring a broken leg, femur, nose, ribs and major surgery. But nothing could break his spirit. When he awoke from his coma, his first response? "Is my d--OK?" The two-time Emmy-nominated 30 Rock star famously bounced back - and sued Walmart after learning the driver had negligently been awake for an alleged 28 hours. Both parties eventually settled out of court for an undisclosed amount. Today, Morgan is thriving, married to new wife Megan Wollover and ready to tell his story. He's the latest superstar comedian to join the Netflix family. The 48-year-old former Saturday Night Live scene-stealer is using his pathos and pain to poke your funny and naughty bone in the currently streaming, aptly-titled Staying Alive - with no apologies to John Travolta. 24 Hours spoke with Morgan - who was in fine form, yet intense and reflective spirits - about being a victor not a victim in life, what's left on his bucket list and why his brush with death hasn't made him funnier. Comedians are flocking to Netflix for standup specials. HBO must be jealous. Did you see the stable of comedy talent they have? Myself, Dave Chappelle, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Chelsea Handler and Sarah Silverman ... Why are they attracting irreverent comics? The creative freedom? I don't know. You'll have to ask them. All I know is when I came out of the coma, I just wanted to tell my story. I wanted to take you guys on a journey and Netflix let me tell it from the horse's mouth. How are you feeling these days? Great. I get asked that question every day by many people. Listen, it can be traumatizing revisiting that time but I know people just care, which is why they ask. They just want to know how I'm doing. No one wants to see someone hit by a car with that much steel and walk away - and still be sane! And lose a friend too. You got to praise God for that. People don't know that sometimes I'm still traumatized a bit because I have to relive it. It's difficult because I almost lost my family and my life; but I'm here now yet it wasn't easy coming back. I was scared. I didn't know (my ex-wife) Sabina was there next to me. She saved my life, my whole life. We cried and laughed about things. If you can't laugh about s--, you're going to cry. Did the accident make you funnier? No. There is no more funny or less funny. I am who I am. I just see life in a different perspective. I'm fearless but I've always been that way before the accident. If I wasn't fearless, I wouldn't be doing standup. It just made me think of life. When I thought I was doing bad in the hospital, it made me realize there are people out there that are worse than you. It taught me humanity and humbleness and to just focus on one thing at a time. So you learned a lot of life lessons ... All we do is think of our f--ing selves. When I was in Africa, I've never seen that kind of poverty before. I know my purpose now - to spread love. Think about it: dude got hit by a motherf--ing semi-truck going 65 miles per hour with 85,000 pounds of frozen food in the back. And he stayed alive?! That's a tough motherf--er! That's why I start the special walking through Brooklyn with a Walmart bag. And I still shop there! But now everything costs a penny more! Is that s--funny or what? We're doing funny from the gate before the standup even starts. You sound like you're a better man for living through that hell. It's all growth. There's no way in hell you can go through that and not change. It gave me so much more to talk about. My psychiatrist told me the two biggest car accidents in history were "you and Princess Diana's!" It freaked me out; wigged me out. To the point where I started crying and I had to calm myself down. I know what I almost lost because my wife and daughter, who was 10 months old at the time, were at all my shows - except that one. (Knocks on table) The baby was teething, she had a fever. The night before the accident, I told them to stay home. My doctor said you made the best decision of your life. He said, 'Tracy, if you're going to beat yourself up, don't use a bat.' Has the world lost its sense of humour? So many comics aren't playing universities because of the political correctness police. I think it has. Jackie Gleason didn't care about being PC! Do you think Richard Pryor and George Carlin could survive that s--? I don't know. I don't know if they could survive PC. Today, instead of telling this motherf--er his breath stinks, you have to ask him if he wants gum instead! By the way, you were robbed of the Emmy for hosting SNL last year. (Turns to publicist) Did you hear that?! Are you anything like your 30 Rock character Tracy Jordan? I didn't know I was that good of an actor! No, that's Tracy Jordan - not Tracy Morgan. That's just a character I play on TV. I'm a lot more grounded, especially as a father. Show business is low on my priority list. I'm not wild like Tracy Jordan ... even when I was drinking and partying. But I've been clean for 15 years. I've never done any narcotics, I'm talking about marijuana and liquor. I was crazy then and it cost me my first marriage. I didn't want to lose no more. The only thing Tracy Jordan and I have in common is the clothes. Sometimes, people are scared to come up to me and say, 'Hey, I'm Brian Fellows'like it's going to upset me. Brian Fellows made me a million dollars. I created him. I did that. And I created Tracy Jordan and Astronaut Jones. Those characters are dear to me - especially if they made you laugh. You told People magazine that attending the Kentucky Derby was on your bucket list - which you just crossed off. What else is on that list? Getting my wife pregnant tonight.  Top stories Popular Latest Videos Ontario to kick off 150th birthday celebration with giant inflatable duck costing $200Gs Tiger Woods arrested on DUI charges: Police Prince William’s sadness that kids, Kate won’t meet Diana More bike madness in T.O. Father vows to ensure son's death won't be in vain SIMMONS: It was 'a weird, weird night' in Pittsburgh Blue Jays put on hitting clinic, destroy Reds Penguins escape shaky Game 1 with win over Predators 'He just started shooting everything'; Relative 'devastated' after Mississippi shooting rampage Trudeau is the scary one, not Scheer SSG Tonya Andrew Scheer why he'd be good for all of Canada A DogBnB with creature comforts Energy Sticker Shock Malicious message posted threatens dogs More from Celebrities Kim Kardashian doubts her mom will ever talk to Caitlyn Jenner again Kim Kardashian agreed to marry Kris Humphries because she began to 'freak out' over turning 30 Jerry Seinfeld on Timbits, Netflix, returning to Just for Laughs in Montreal George Takei shuts down racist criticism of new 'Star Trek' series Emmy Rossum marries Sam Esmail Inside Toronto sun.com News Kim Jong Nam murder suspect writes from jail News Bear bites hunter before animal killed News Thieves snatch $1,800 baby cockatoo Sports Jays, Happ confident he’s ready News 'He just started shooting everything' Sports Bryce Harper throws helmet, punches in brawl News Man shot dead in Mississauga News Drunk senior sentenced for shooting a young woman News City to review bike trail safety News Province to raise minimum wage tomorrow Sports Reporter fired over Indy 500 tweet News Search continues for missing canoeist Home Mobile version News Toronto & GTA Ontario Canada World Weird Archives Sports Latest Scores Maple Leafs Blue Jays Raptors Toronto Rock Argos Toronto FC Hockey Golf Baseball Football Basketball Soccer Curling Tennis Horse Racing Motorsports MMA Other Sports Archives Entertainment TV TV Listings Movies Movie Listings Celebrities Music Stage Books Archives Life Sex Files Health & Fitness Eat Fashion Education & Careers Sun in the Community Archives Tech Gadgets News Gaming Discovery Archives Money Money Home Archives Travel Ontario Canada USA Europe International Archives Opinion Columnists Editorial Letters Send Letter to the Editor Blogs Cartoons Archives Photos Videos Editors Picks News Sports Entertainment Tech Money Sunshine Girl Flyers This Week Homes Golf Weather Find-a-Rental Contests Special Sections Lottery results Manage my account Read E-edition Must Reads Sunshine Girl Follow Rss Facebook Twitter Subscribe Sun+ Print mobile Manage my account Buy SUN items Archives & Services Page Toronto Sun Contact Us Letters to the editor Online Driving Homes Classifieds Careers Obituaries Advertise In print Online Classified Advertising Opportunities Sun publications Ottawa Sun Winnipeg Sun Calgary Sun Edmonton Sun More Publications Site map Privacy policy Terms & conditions Powered by Fatwire Canoe Sun Media is a member of Copyright © 2016 All rights reserved
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Didn’t Kill Brick and Mortar Retailers — They Killed Themselves The rise of e-commerce only exposed how lazy and disinterested retailers had become by the late 90's By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  May 29, 2017, 12:56 pm EDT Get AMZN alerts: Submit     View All   Popular Posts: 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts Apple Inc.’s Next Great Driver? India! (AAPL) Recent Posts: Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Didn’t Kill Brick and Mortar Retailers — They Killed Themselves Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Stock Is the Best of a Bad Breed 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts View All Posts Happy 20th birthday, Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN), and congratulations to investors who were lucky enough to capture any part of the 49,000% return AMZN stock has dished out since its inception. That journey was an interesting one, to be sure, and at times it was perilous. But, the company’s success can’t be denied. Source: Mike Seyfang via Flickr A lot has happened during that time, too. While Amazon has grown, with the exception of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) it’s pretty clear other retailers have shrunk thanks to the lower prices and greater assortment of products Amazon offers. Even Wal-Mart has felt a headwind. With 20 years of subjective evidence to look back on, however — through the lens of my unique perspective — I can honestly say that Amazon’s role in the demise of retailing as we know it was smaller than the role those retailers played for themselves in their demise. From a Unique Perspective To illustrate that my opinion is not an unqualified one, prior to starting my career in the investment world, I was in retail. I held management positions with Mercantile Stores prior to its acquisition by Dillard’s, Inc. (NYSE:DDS) in 1998, and I held a position with Saks, which has since become part of the Hudson Bay family. That was back before e-commerce was a thing… some would say the golden age of retailing. Customer service was the primary weapon of choice, yet tasteful-but-competitive pricing played a big part of the in-store mindset. And, as a guy who spent some time on the front lines before going into a brick-and-mortar store turned into a miserable experience, I can honestly say the deterioration of the customer experience is the root reason Amazon has thrived and AMZN stock has mustered a quintuple-digit gain in two decades. Remember When? Anyone over the age of 50 (which isn’t me, yet, but it’s close) will likely recall a time when you could visit a home goods store and smell bread baking just to draw a crowd to that retailer’s breadmakers. Indeed, most of the hottest merchandise bought in a box was generally on display out of its box for all retailers, where a would-be buyer could really get a feel for what he or she was curious about. And, anyone 50 or older remembers a time when store employees would look you in the eye and at least muster a modicum of interest in offering some sort of service to the patron. Most stores encouraged their sales crews to make a point of delighting their customers. Perhaps more than anything though, consumers were willing to fight traffic and a crowded mall not to make a specific purchase, but to see what new merchandise was available since their last visit. In other words, there was a time when shopping was something of a social adventure, even if nothing was purchased. Now, however, it’s just a miserable (and often boring) experience. Part of that is unavoidable. The internet has largely made it clear what’s on a store’s shelves or racks. The other part, though — the pleasant people part — is an area where most retailer’s have dropped the ball. It’s simply not acceptable for a service employee to be conducting personal business via text on their smartphone while “on the clock,” yet it happens on a rather regular basis. In that same vein, palpable contempt for customers, rather than a genuine interest in assisting them, has become the new norm for too many shopping venues. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/amazon-amzn-didnt-kill-brick-mortar-retailers/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 8 Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 4 Technology Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 3 Top Aerospace & Defense ETF Picks 7 Sports Stocks Everyone Knows — 4 Winners, 3 Losers 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 4 Tech Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 7 Sports Stocks Everyone Knows — 4 Winners, 3 Losers 3 Aerospace & Defense ETFs on the Move Most Popular 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Retirement Income 4 Tech Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 10 Great Stocks to Buy Under $10 The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air CRIME Utah mom locks kids in trunk of car while she shops at Walmart, police say Published May 29, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Email Print Tori Castillo, 39, locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at Walmart last week, police said. (Weber County Sheriff's Office) A Utah woman was arrested Thursday after she allegedly locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she went shopping at Walmart.  Tori Castillo, 39, faces four counts of child abuse with physical injury and one count of theft, Fox 13 reported. Two women told police they were in the Walmart parking lot in Riverdale when they heard the children's voices coming from the car.  "I could hear some kids crying," the woman recounted to Fox 13.  "I turned to my friend and I'm like, 'There's people in this trunk. There's kids in this trunk!'" MISSISSIPPI SHOOTING: RELATIVE 'DEVASTATED' AFTER RAMPAGE LEAVES 8 DEAD "I started talking to the little girl that I could hear screaming," she said. "She was [yelling], 'Mom, let me out! Let me out! Mom! Help!" She was screaming, crying." Four people worked to rescue the children as they yelled for help. One of the women guided the children to the emergency latch inside the trunk. Eventually, it popped open.  "Both kids just came out... they just jumped out at us," the woman told the station. "One lady took the 2-year-old, I took the 5-year-old." 'HEROES' DIED PROTECTING WOMEN FROM ANTI-MUSLIM RANT, PORTLAND MAYOR SAYS Castillo eventually returned to the parking lot and reportedly told the women the reason for locking her children in the trunk was because the "babysitter didn't show up."  A witness later said she saw Castillo lock her children in the trunk of the car before walking into the store.  The children were handed over to a "responsible party," the Division of Child and Family Services said.  Click here for more from Fox 13.  Advertisement Trending in US Pennsylvania officer accidentally overdoses while searching suspect's car Tiger Woods blames DUI arrest on reaction to medications Texas representatives trade assault, threat allegations amid illegal immigration debate Mississippi shooting: Relative 'devastated' after rampage leaves 8 dead Alligator in Florida takes a dip in pool on Memorial Day Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DrPhoneFix Opens New Locally Owned and Operated Location In the Mount Dora Walmart Superstore DrPhoneFix As part of their grand opening, between now and June 9, 2017, the Mount Dora DrPhoneFix team will be offering to install free iPhone and Galaxy S glass screen protectors they have in stock. Mount Dora, Florida (PRWEB) May 29, 2017 Mount Dora’s Walmart Superstore is now the new home to DrPhoneFix’s seventeenth Walmart-based location in the United States. The new Mount Dora Store is owned and operated by two industry professionals, who, along with their team, have more than 30 years of combined iPhone, smartphone and electronics service and repair experience. The owners are longstanding, highly respected members of the Mount Dora, Golden Triangle community. DrPhoneFix’s continued partnership with Walmart provides independent franchisees to manage and develop new stores in convenient and highly-viable locations. Located within the front of one of America’s largest retailers, DrPhoneFix’s Walmart locations have the benefits of high-volume foot traffic as well as providing the convenience of Walmart’s shopping experience for their customers as repairs and services are being performed in store. Mount Dora’s owners are very excited for the opportunity to bring the DrPhoneFix’ Experience to their community. As part of their grand opening, between now and June 9, 2017, the Mount Dora DrPhoneFix team will be offering to install free iPhone and Galaxy S glass screen protectors they have in stock. They invite the public to stop by, say hello and see what their new business has to offer! DrPhoneFix is a franchised company specializing in the repair of electronic devices, from iPhones, smartphones, tablets, laptops, gaming consoles and most other portable electronic devices. Founded in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, DrPhoneFix has grown significantly in the past three years. The company now has locations throughout the entire United States. For more information about the products and services offered by DrPhoneFix, please visit drphonefix.com/mount-dora-fl/ Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Artificial Intelligence Tested to Improve Men’s Health – Canadian Men’s Health Foundation Next PostNext Gifford-Mcmahon Cryocoolers Market 2017 Growth Rate by Type, Trends, Data Source and Competitive Situation Among the Top Manufacturers Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman DrPhoneFix Opens New Locally Owned and Operated Location In the Mount Dora Walmart Superstore DrPhoneFix As part of their grand opening, between now and June 9, 2017, the Mount Dora DrPhoneFix team will be offering to install free iPhone and Galaxy S glass screen protectors they have in stock. Mount Dora, Florida (PRWEB) May 29, 2017 Mount Dora’s Walmart Superstore is now the new home to DrPhoneFix’s seventeenth Walmart-based location in the United States. The new Mount Dora Store is owned and operated by two industry professionals, who, along with their team, have more than 30 years of combined iPhone, smartphone and electronics service and repair experience. The owners are longstanding, highly respected members of the Mount Dora, Golden Triangle community. DrPhoneFix’s continued partnership with Walmart provides independent franchisees to manage and develop new stores in convenient and highly-viable locations. Located within the front of one of America’s largest retailers, DrPhoneFix’s Walmart locations have the benefits of high-volume foot traffic as well as providing the convenience of Walmart’s shopping experience for their customers as repairs and services are being performed in store. Mount Dora’s owners are very excited for the opportunity to bring the DrPhoneFix’ Experience to their community. As part of their grand opening, between now and June 9, 2017, the Mount Dora DrPhoneFix team will be offering to install free iPhone and Galaxy S glass screen protectors they have in stock. They invite the public to stop by, say hello and see what their new business has to offer! DrPhoneFix is a franchised company specializing in the repair of electronic devices, from iPhones, smartphones, tablets, laptops, gaming consoles and most other portable electronic devices. Founded in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, DrPhoneFix has grown significantly in the past three years. The company now has locations throughout the entire United States. For more information about the products and services offered by DrPhoneFix, please visit drphonefix.com/mount-dora-fl/ Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Artificial Intelligence Tested to Improve Men’s Health – Canadian Men’s Health Foundation Next PostNext Gifford-Mcmahon Cryocoolers Market 2017 Growth Rate by Type, Trends, Data Source and Competitive Situation Among the Top Manufacturers Search Recent Posts New technology allows for rapid diagnosis of Ebola in the Democratic Republic of the Congo Comment by the Information and Press Department on the upcoming visit by Zambian Minister of Foreign Affairs Harry Kalaba to Russia Global Metallic Pigments Market Growth with 7.44% CAGR by 2021 – Report Includes (Five Forces Analysis, Manufacturers, Growth, Drivers, Opportunities, Challenges) Global Direct Drive Wind Turbine Market Growth with 11.52% CAGR by 2021 – Report Includes (Five Forces Analysis, Manufacturers, Growth, Drivers, Opportunities, Challenges) Changfeng Announces First Quarter Financial Results for the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / DrPhoneFix Opens New Locally Owned and Operated Location In the Mount Dora Walmart Superstore DrPhoneFix Opens New Locally Owned and Operated Location In the Mount Dora Walmart Superstore Posted on May 29, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Cell Phone and Computer Repair Franchise Opens New Location in Florida Mount Dora, Florida (PRWEB) May 29, 2017 Mount Dora’s Walmart Superstore is now the new home to DrPhoneFix’s seventeenth Walmart-based location in the United States. The new Mount Dora Store is owned and operated by two industry professionals, who, along with their team, have more than 30 years of combined iPhone, smartphone and electronics service and repair experience. The owners are longstanding, highly respected members of the Mount Dora, Golden Triangle community. DrPhoneFix’s continued partnership with Walmart provides independent franchisees to manage and develop new stores in convenient and highly-viable locations. Located within the front of one of America’s largest retailers, DrPhoneFix’s Walmart locations have the benefits of high-volume foot traffic as well as providing the convenience of Walmart’s shopping experience for their customers as repairs and services are being performed in store. Mount Dora’s owners are very excited for the opportunity to bring the DrPhoneFix’ Experience to their community. As part of their grand opening, between now and June 9, 2017, the Mount Dora DrPhoneFix team will be offering to install free iPhone and Galaxy S glass screen protectors they have in stock. They invite the public to stop by, say hello and see what their new business has to offer! DrPhoneFix is a franchised company specializing in the repair of electronic devices, from iPhones, smartphones, tablets, laptops, gaming consoles and most other portable electronic devices. Founded in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, DrPhoneFix has grown significantly in the past three years. The company now has locations throughout the entire United States. For more information about the products and services offered by DrPhoneFix, please visit drphonefix.com/mount-dora-fl/ For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14357843.htm Latest News Artificial Intelligence Tested to Improve Men’s Health – Canadian Men’s Health Foundation Radiology Business Management Association Announces New Board President DrPhoneFix Opens New Locally Owned and Operated Location In the Mount Dora Walmart Superstore California Girls Are The Friendliest In The United States, Reveals Chatrandom Study Ucraft Website Builder Launches a White Label Solution Adopting a Cat from a Shelter Means Saving A Life EzCheckprinting & Virtual Printer For Quickbooks Users Has A New How To Video For Ease Of Use 6 Things You Need to Know before Opening up Your Pool This Season Waco, TX Locksmith Helps Prevent Break-Ins to Your Business Gismart Launched a Safe Tuning App DoubleTune © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics Sunday, May 28, 2017 by: Frances Bloomfield Tags: Antibiotics, chicken, food (Natural News) If you’re regular at Costco or Kroger, avoid buying the chicken next time. Alongside Albertson’s/Safeway, Publix, and Walmart, these massive grocers failed when it came to selling antibiotic-free chicken to the public. All five retailers fell short in a survey conducted by the Natural Resources Defense Council (NRDC), reported OrganicAuthority.com. Each one received a grade of “D” when it came to their lack of progress on the promotion of antibiotic practices, and their inability to provide antibiotic-free chicken offerings. For their survey, the NRDC looked at the retailers’ branches in Charlotte, Chicago, Houston, Jacksonville, Los Angeles, and Philadelphia. The NRDC selected these cities to represent the country’s four census regions. These locations were then graded according to the following categories: policy (20 points), consumer education at point of purchase (five points), brand score antibiotic use (20 points), and brand score certification (10 points). The raw total of these categories was 55 points, and each grocer scored as such: Walmart received 20.9 points (38 percent), Albertson’s/Safeway received 21.5 points (39 percent), Publix received 21 points (38 percent), Kroger received 18.4 points (33 percent), and Costco received 22 points (40 percent). Sans Costco, all other retailers scored poorly in policy, which was defined as “Commitment to phase out routine use of antibiotics described on major retailer website” and “Timeline to phase out routine use of antibiotics described on major retailer website.” This was especially notable, as large chicken producers like Tyson and Perdue have moved away from or pledged to move away from the use of antibiotics. Walmart was noted as the biggest offender in this regard. Not only does the company have the most number of suppliers with antibiotic-free chicken products, but Walmart has called for greater transparency from producers. Moreover, the NRDC discovered that the retailers’ own private-label chicken brands were sourced from producers with questionable antibiotic-free practices. (Related: Perdue announces that its chicken products are now 95 percent antibiotic-free) As for helping consumers in making informed choices, only Publix had the necessary signage in all of their stores. All of their branches had displays that informed consumers of producers with responsible antibiotic policies. However, this did not include producers who were still in the process of phasing out antibiotics from their products. Though all the retailers offered United States Department of Agriculture (USDA)-certified  chicken or Raised Without Antibiotics (RWA) chicken, there were no indications that these poultry products had been certified by third parties. Whole Foods may not have included in the survey, but the NRDC lauded it as the sole grocer to “have earned top score in all categories.” Their policy to sell antibiotic-free livestock products goes beyond chicken and covers beef, pork, and turkey. Whole Foods also made it easier for consumers to understand their purchases better, something that all the other retailers failed to do. The NRDC concluded their survey by asking for retailers to commit themselves to the elimination of antibiotic-laden products from their chains, and for consumers to “vote with their wallets” by purchasing RWA and USDA-certified chicken. Carmen Cordova, a staff scientist under the Food and Agriculture Program of the NRDC, said this about the results of the survey: “The top five grocery store chains in the country feed millions of Americans, so their actions have a big impact on public health — for better or worse. Supermarkets can either continue to ignore the spread of drug-resistant infections, or they can answer their customers’ call to be a part of the solution.” Rather than curing diseases among chickens, antibiotics are more often used to promote quicker growth in the animals and to prevent them from getting sick. According to OrganicAuthority.com, this practice allows antibiotic-resistant bacteria to thrive, which in turn is extremely harmful to humans and animals alike. Visit FoodSupply.news for similar stories. Sources include: OrganicAuthority.com NRDC.org 1 NRDC.org 2 Previous :China intensifies its Orwellian policies with the world’s biggest DNA database Next : America’s silent crisis: Drinking water may become too expensive for millions of households in the future Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Antibiotics Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics Consumers now demanding their meat be raised “humanely,” without growth hormones or GMOs, according to new study Mysterious compound called “F19” discovered by Israeli researchers to kill antibiotic-resistant superbugs without encouraging resistance McDonald’s says providing antibiotic-free beef “too quickly” will cause meat shortages Shocking study finds that penicillin changes childrens’ brains, causing them to grow up angry and violent Heavy intake of antibiotics linked to deadly bowel cancer Bowel cancer risk skyrockets after taking antibiotics for just two weeks Komodo Dragon blood contains powerful self-produced antibiotics, turning the reptile into a walking pharmacy Massive recall of dangerous farm-raised catfish announced Hospitals in New York State are witnessing a deadly drug resistant fungal infection outbreak Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-28-walmart-costco-kroger-grocery-chains-failing-grade-antibiotics-meat.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-28-walmart-costco-kroger-grocery-chains-failing-grade-antibiotics-meat.html">Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Walmart, Costco, Kroger, Publix and Albertson’s all receive failing grades for selling meats loaded with antibiotics - NaturalNews.com Scientists confirm that slight global warming is GREENING the Antarctic Peninsula with new life, dramatically boosting ecology - NaturalNews.com Doctors say putting mushrooms in the MICROWAVE increases availability of antioxidants (seriously?) - NaturalNews.com The Amish, who don’t get vaccinated, rarely get autism, cancer, or heart disease - coincidence? - NaturalNews.com Smart Meters could be overbilling you by a whopping 582% - NaturalNews.com Panic attacks, anxiety linked to low vitamin B and iron levels: Study Is glyphosate a part of your morning routine? Dangerous herbicide found in organic eggs, dairy, breakfast foods Not even kidding: College will require “Abolition of Whiteness” course for political science majors - NaturalNews.com Why does the Forest Service own a “national junkyard” of thousands of unused buildings that are falling apart? - NaturalNews.com Excessive private ultrasound procedures putting babies’ health at risk - NaturalNews.com Evergreen State College students SEIZE campus, begin forced searches of vehicles for white professor who refused to kow-tow to liberal insanity - NaturalNews.com Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics - NaturalNews.com The Lost Pines of Central Texas reveal why DROUGHTS are caused by cutting down forests (Health Ranger Science VIDEO) - NaturalNews.com Same media outraged over Manchester bombing of little girl totally SILENT when 100,000 U.S. children are maimed or killed by vaccines every year - NaturalNews.com Question: what is trisodium phosphate and what is it doing in our food? Activists attempt to ESCAPE Ecuador after suffering shocking ordeal - NaturalNews.com Repel ticks with this natural oil This is what happens when you drink celery juice for one month - NaturalNews.com Five new websites that document the stupid, insane and unexplained events in our twisted world - NaturalNews.com The bombings have only just begun: “Progressive” Western civilization is slaughtering itself by foolishly appeasing those who seek to destroy it - NaturalNews.com Question: what is trisodium phosphate and what is it doing in our food? DO THE MATH: Here’s the rational analysis why 99% of current Bitcoin owners will never be able to sell Bitcoins for anything close to its imagined current value - NaturalNews.com Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Natural News reveals its top sunscreens to avoid in 2017 - NaturalNews.com Confirmed science shows that vaccinated children have 420% higher risk of ADHD compared to non-vaccinated kids - NaturalNews.com Bag full of aborted baby parts falls off garbage truck… baby arms and legs “flung apart,” report witnesses - NaturalNews.com How to disinfect water in a survival situation - NaturalNews.com Secrets revealed: Five daily habits of people who age well - NaturalNews.com Five must-have communications devices for any emergency - NaturalNews.com Prepper food: Two breads you can stockpile and make in your own home - NaturalNews.com How to make a tin can WiFi antenna after an EMP - NaturalNews.com Evergreen State College students SEIZE campus, begin forced searches of vehicles for white professor who refused to kow-tow to liberal insanity - NaturalNews.com Activists attempt to ESCAPE Ecuador after suffering shocking ordeal - NaturalNews.com Bitcoin plummets nearly $400 just HOURS after Health Ranger warned of “catastrophic correction” - NaturalNews.com America’s universities have become training camps for violent left-wing extremism - NaturalNews.com RED ALERT: Attempted political coup now taking place in D.C. with effort to impeach Trump for fabricated “obstruction of justice” - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com Top seven fuels that feed the cancer 'fire' and mutate more cells Zinc lozenges proven to greatly speed recovery from colds and flu by 300% - NaturalNews.com Netflix bans “The Red Pill” movie because it contains too much TRUTH - NaturalNews.com This is what happens when you drink celery juice for one month - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Successful marriage depends on husband's attitude: Research Question: what is trisodium phosphate and what is it doing in our food? Fake science TV personality Bill Nye goes berserk when REAL scientist schools him on carbon dioxide - NaturalNews.com “VACCINE RAGE” phenomenon may explain global increase in anger, violence and insanity - NaturalNews.com Australian parents who don’t vaccinate their children will be fined $14 per week by the authoritarian regime - NaturalNews.com The bombings have only just begun: “Progressive” Western civilization is slaughtering itself by foolishly appeasing those who seek to destroy it - NaturalNews.com $1 trillion budget deal confirms America’s horrifying swamptopian future, hopelessly beyond the zenith of reform or reason - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com 3 natural pain relievers that are as powerful as drugs, without the side effects In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Ten home remedies for fever - Natural ways to reduce a high fever and treat the flu using simple products found in most homes TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication - NaturalNews.com 10 health benefits of cucumbers Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Majority of consumers confused about "healthy" foods (Naturalnews.com) Could you be suffering from a dehydration headache? (Naturalnews.com) Are you getting enough of these healthy foods? (Naturalnews.com) Fiat currency found to harbor dangerous bacteria, but SILVER has natural antibacterial properties (Naturalnews.com) Health Ranger's science paper on cannabis extract analysis published in mainstream science journal LC/GC (Newstarget.com) Health Ranger's science paper on cannabis extract analysis published in mainstream science journal LC/GC (Naturalnews.com) Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,415.82 +0.75 (+0.03%) Dow 30 21,080.28 -2.67 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,210.19 +4.94 (+0.08%) Benzinga's Bulls And Bears For The Past Week: Ford, Kroger, Netflix And More Nelson Hem Benzinga May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The major indices eked out small gains this past week, ahead of the Memorial Day holiday in the United States and the unofficial beginning of the summer season. The first-quarter earnings reporting season is all but over, and the president was abroad for his first international trip as sitting head of state. Still, Benzinga has featured a look at many investor favorite stocks in recent days. Here is a look at just a few of them, as Americans travel, gather and remember those who made the ultimate sacrifice. Somewhere To Go "Analysts Cautiously Optimistic On Ford CEO Shakeup" by Shanthi Rexaline takes a look at the surprising management changes at Ford Motor Company (NYSE: F) announced last week. Is it a step in the right direction, and how effective will the new chief executive be? Are there spin-offs in the offing? In "Tesla's Safety Record Called Into Question, And The Market Couldn't Care Less," Shanthi Rexaline examines the effect that a recent report about safety issues at its flagship plant in California has had on Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA) shares. The stock has pulled back from an all-time high earlier this month. Something To Eat Ezra Schwarzbaum's "Wal-Mart Puts Pressure On Grocers, But Kroger Could Resist" discusses why even though recent gains at Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) may mean there is less for its supermarket competitors, Kroger Co (NYSE: KR) may be better positioned than other peers to suffer. Also check out "Nobody Told Costco About The Retail Slump." Years of interaction with Shake Shack Inc (NYSE: SHAK) have convinced one key analyst that it is a company that is "standing for something good," according to "Analyst Says Long-Term Investors In Shake Shack Should Continue Buying Shares" by Merrick Weingarten. Will profits really increase "at a double-digit pace"? Something To Watch In Elizabeth Balboa's "Which Media Firms Are Benefiting Most From President Trump?" see who the winners and losers are in the often combative relationship between the media and the current administration: from CBS Corporation (NYSE: CBS) to New York Times Co (NYSE: NYT) and from Fox News to Saturday Night Live. "Notable Netflix Analyst Says Stock Could See Another 67% Gain" by Jayson Derrick examines the question of whether Netflix, Inc. (NASDAQ: NFLX) stock has peeked after a 75 percent gain in the past year. See why one analyst believes that the shares still have plenty of room to run. See also: See more from Benzinga Barron's Ponders The Future Of Ford Retail Earnings Expectations: Costco And Lowe's Benzinga's Bulls And Bears For The Past Week: Retail And Technology © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next This Is the Awesome New $400,000 Ford Supercar That Outgoing CEO Mark Fields Scored The Street Which Way Is the Economy Heading?; Fields Run Over at Ford: Jim Cramer's View The Street Ford's New CEO Doesn't Want to Cede the Future to Tesla The Street 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Here’s how much you need to save each month to become a millionaire in 20 years CNBC What every investor needs to do during the next bear market Yahoo Finance Baristas say that Starbucks is ignoring a huge problem that is impacting sales Business Insider Here's How to Determine Your Ideal Asset Allocation Strategy -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Samsung’s new Galaxy is a hardware beast Yahoo Finance Video What Goldman Sachs can learn from the US Army Yahoo Finance Tesla’s former Autopilot head is launching a self-driving-car company — and it could have a big advantage Business Insider Jobs and housing — What you need to know in markets this week Yahoo Finance McConnell juggling diverse demands on Republican health bill Associated Press With stocks and bonds looking pricey, investors see little that’s appetizing MarketWatch What to Watch in the Markets in the Week Ahead Yahoo Finance Video YouTube thought a giant American flag wasn’t 'advertiser friendly' Yahoo Finance Portland mayor aims to nix free-speech rally, fears 'hatred' bctallis: 3 days later he apologizes for something that HE fueled. He is repulsive. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.2k
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Jail mugs 50 Reasons MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home 50 Reasons to hit the road E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Wamego teen treated, released from hospital after rollover crash on Sunday K-State study shows black pepper helps limit cancerous compounds in meat Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Featured Penguins thwart Predators comeback attempt, take Game 1 5-3 Eighth inning dooms Joakim Soria, Royals in 10-7 loss to Tigers Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured K-State study shows black pepper helps limit cancerous compounds in meat Muslims begin Ramadan observance Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured David Ignatius: A path forward for Syria and Iraq Letter: Where is the common sense approach to fixing Kansas’ budget woes Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Facebook alerts Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Tickets to events Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home Homicides in Topeka and Shawnee County since 2000 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted May 29, 2017 09:58 pm By The Associated Press Sheriff’s deputy shoots, kills man in Kansas City suburb RAYTOWN, Mo. — A Jackson County sheriff’s deputy shot and killed a suspected shoplifter at a Wal-Mart in a Kansas City suburb. Sgt. John Payne says the shooting happened Sunday night in Raytown. He says the deputy, who was off-duty, was working security at Wal-Mart when she tried to help other employees stop the shoplifter. Payne says the suspect wrestled a stun gun away from the deputy and was able to stun the deputy. The deputy, whose name hasn’t been released, drew her gun and shot him. See Also The man, 31-year-old Donald Sneed, of Kansas City, died later at a hospital. Payne said the deputy was treated and released at a hospital. Advertisement Most Popular News Mon, 05/29/2017 - 17:13 One person at large after police chase early Monday in west Topeka News Mon, 05/29/2017 - 18:10 Wamego teen treated, released from hospital after rollover crash on Sunday News Mon, 05/29/2017 - 17:50 Man killed when his motorcycle collides with SUV on Sunday in Johnson County Sports Tue, 05/30/2017 - 01:15 State champion Shawnee Heights puts seven on All-Centennial League softball team   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Mon, 05/29/2017 - 21:58 Sheriff’s deputy shoots, kills man in Kansas City suburb RAYTOWN, Mo. — A Jackson County sheriff’s deputy shot and killed a suspected shoplifter at a Wal-Mart in a Kansas City suburb.... Read more Mon, 05/29/2017 - 21:56 Kansas City police investigate death along trail KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Kansas City police are investigating the death of a man whose body was found near a walking and... Read more Mon, 05/29/2017 - 21:49 Hutchinson inmate sentenced for attacking guard HUTCHINSON — A Hutchinson prison inmate who was eligible for release in July will instead spend more time in prison after attacking... Read more Mon, 05/29/2017 - 20:54 Topeka Police calls - May 29, 2017 update Police calls Read more Load more Around the Web   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive Sheriff's deputy shoots, kills man at Wal-Mart Monday May 29, 2017 at 8:54 PM May 29, 2017 at 8:54 PM By The Examiner staff A Jackson County Sheriff's deputy shot and killed a suspected shoplifter at a Wal-Mart in Raytown. The suspect was identified as Donald Sneed, 31 years old, of the Kansas City area. Sneed had active felony warrants for robbery and tampering with a motor vehicle. Sgt. John Payne says the shooting happened about 9:30 p.m., Sunday. He says the off-duty deputy was working security at the Wal-Mart at 10300 E. Missouri 350 when she recognized a wanted man. She notified the store's loss prevention department, which then watched as the suspect shoplifted some merchandise. Two store employees contacted the man as he left the store, and a struggle began. Payne says that when the deputy began helping with apprehending the man, he started fighting with her. She stunned him with her Taser, but it apparently had no effect on him as he continued resisting. The deputy then applied the stun gun directly to his body but it still had no effect. As they struggled, the suspect got control of the Taser and stunned the deputy in the neck. At that point, she shot the suspect, fearing for her life and others' lives, Payne says. Payne says the suspect was taken to a hospital, where he later died. The deputy was treated for injuries and released. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Contact Us Subscribe Yellow Pages Vacation Hold Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Find Independence jobs Cars Real Estate FindNSave Boats Magazine Online Submissions Engagements Weddings Births Anniversaries Sister Publication Boonville Daily News Linn County Leader Lake Sun Leader Chillicothe Constitution-Tribune The Examiner Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Examiner ~ 410 S. Liberty, Independence, MO 64050 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World News Columnists Reader Submitted My Legislators Shareable Databases Sports High School Mavericks Sports Columnists Sports Calendar Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Boomers Faith Family Food Health Milestones Storytellers Engagements Weddings Home & Garden Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obituaries More Legislators Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Branded Content Submit Your News Subscriber My Profile Subscribe E-Edition Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Today’s Paper Subscriptions Newsletter Daily Deals Twin Cities Home News Sports Things to Do Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Today’s Paper Subscribe Trending Traffic from up north snarls as bomb threat… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) OUR PICKS: Best Patios of 2017 Inver Grove’s dance phenom Sisters Olympics-bound Hudson dog-track plan Tiger Woods Saints’ female pitcher Ma Barker lived here Kentucky coffeetree? News Crime & Police Traffic from up north snarls as bomb threat made at Minnesota Walmart Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Forum News Service | PUBLISHED: May 29, 2017 at 9:08 pm | UPDATED: May 29, 2017 at 9:26 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Most Popular Inver Grove Heights teen to compete on NBC’s ‘World of Dance’ Woodbury developer eyes 1,000 new jobs for long-closed Hudson dog track Twins option Kennys Vargas, casualty of Twins bullpen troubles Tiger Woods blames medications for his arrest on DUI charge Van carrying American Legion members providing Memorial Day honors crashes; 3 airlifted Vadnais Heights sisters headed to Olympics — for two different countries DETROIT LAKES, Minn. — Detroit Lakes police plan to analyze phone records as they investigate to a bomb threat hoax that shut down Walmart on the city’s west edge on Memorial Day as vehicles were backed up along busy U.S. Highway 10. Just after 1 p.m. Monday, the store received a phone call that, according to reports, alleged a bomb threat. Wal-Mart management directed an evacuation, according to protocol. Staff then contacted local authorities, who responded, placing the building on lockdown to conduct a thorough search. No mysterious packages were found while the Detroit Lakes Police Department, Becker County sheriff’s office, Minnesota Department of Natural Resources, Minnesota State Patrol, and Detroit Lakes Fire Department swept the area. Related Articles Man, 46, held after 2 teens hit with shovel, brick in face, police say Tiger Woods blames medications for his arrest on DUI charge In Philando Castile case, prosecutors face hurdles as officer’s trial opens today, experts say Eden Prairie couple died as result of ‘multiple sharp force injuries’; cops suspect screwdriver was weapon Metro Transit: We didn’t note immigration status for Ariel Vences-Lopez The building was cleared of any threat just before 3 p.m., and the shoppers waiting in a line of cars backed up along Highway 10 during the incident were then allowed in the store. No injuries were reported. According to a press release from Detroit Lakes Police Chief Steven Todd, law enforcement plans to analyze the calls and also statements from Wal-Mart staff to locate the caller. The person or people responsible could be charged with terroristic threats, a felony. Tags:  Crime Minnesota As you comment, please be respectful of other commenters and other viewpoints. Our goal with article comments is to provide a space for civil, informative and constructive conversations. We reserve the right to remove any comment we deem to be defamatory, rude, insulting to others, hateful, off-topic or reckless to the community. See our full terms of use here. View Comments blog comments powered by Disqus More in Crime & Police Metro Transit: We didn’t note immigration status for Ariel Vences-Lopez May 27, 2017, 6:00 pm After it was reported Friday that a Metro Transit light-rail passenger who was asked about his immigration status by an officer was in the custody of federal immigration authorities pending deportation, Metro Transit Police Chief John Harrington released a statement Saturday saying the organization did not formally reference his immigration status in its reports or confer with U.S. Immigration and... Read More Eden Prairie couple died as result of ‘multiple sharp force injuries’; cops suspect screwdriver was weapon May 27, 2017, 10:04 pm The Hennepin County medical examiner has identified the cause of death for the Eden Prairie man and woman whom police believe were stabbed to death by their adult son Thursday. Robert John Lehman, 58, and Debra Lee Lehman, 57, both died as a result of “multiple sharp force injuries,” according to a pair of news releases issued Saturday afternoon. Their son Nathaniel... Read More North Shore resort worker admits fatally shooting Twin Cities man at holiday party May 27, 2017, 10:04 pm GRAND MARAIS, Minn. — A Finland, Minn., man dropped his self-defense claim and pleaded guilty to a murder charge Friday in a fatal shooting outside a popular North Shore resort in 2015. Kirk Lee Bigby, 62, admitted to unintentional second-degree murder in the slaying of 35-year-old Marcus Lee Roberts during a holiday party at Bluefin Bay in Tofte. With the... Read More Ex who asked ‘Any last words?’ guilty of attempted murder May 25, 2017, 5:18 pm John Steurer meant to kill his ex-wife when he ambushed her at her North St. Paul office last fall and shot her with a 20-gauge shotgun as she tried to flee, jurors have decided. The Ramsey County District Court jury reached the guilty verdict Thursday afternoon after a couple of hours of deliberation in Steurer’s trial on a charge of... Read More Last fugitive arrested after prisoner hijacks van outside Lino Lakes facility May 26, 2017, 8:35 pm The last of a group of fugitives from Minnesota correctional facilities has been taken into custody after one hijacked a van at the Lino Lakes facility and fled with it to Minneapolis Friday morning, authorities said. James Douglas Mitchell was arrested on Interstate 35W after being spotted in a Minneapolis park, according to Minneapolis police. A department statement said Mitchell was... Read More BCA: Teen shot by Crystal police had pellet gun; officers first tried nonlethal rounds May 26, 2017, 1:43 pm Four police officers who confronted a reportedly armed man Wednesday morning in a Crystal park first tried to subdue him with nonlethal rounds before firing their guns, the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension said Thursday. Read More Today’s Paper Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Home News Sports Opinion Things to Do Obituaries Weather Lottery Commenting rules Special Advertising Sections Classifieds Autos Homes Jobs Careers Contact Us Customer service Newsroom Contacts Advertise with us Photo reprints Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Memorial Day brawl! Nationals star Bryce Harper throws his helmet and charges Giants pitcher Hunter Strickland after being plunked on the backside as benches clear and fists fly in epic fight Panama's former military dictator and CIA stooge Manuel Noriega dies aged 83, two months after suffering a hemorrhage following surgery to remove a brain tumor South Korea conducts joint drill with US supersonic B-1B Lancer bomber after North Korea's latest ballistic missile test Maine police officer, 20, in critical condition and another injured after crashing their boat while looking for woman, 38, who suffered a canoe accident I wasn't drunk! Fallen golf star Tiger Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of prescription medications and NOT alcohol as he apologizes to family and fans 'I knew it, I knew it': Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' after finding out about his DUI arrest in Florida... then spends $5,000 at designer Dallas store Tiger's $20M night of shame: Fallen golf star set to be 'DUMPED by his sponsors following his DUI arrest' as he prepares for embarrassing DASHCAM footage to be released Mother, 34, and another rescuer die trying to save her four-year-old girl after she was swept away in a Utah river Mother-of-two 'locked her kids aged five and two inside of her car trunk so she could go shopping at Walmart'  Smokeless cigarettes contain MORE cancer-causing chemicals than traditional ones - despite tobacco giants claiming they are safer 'Tell everyone on this train I love them': Portland train attack witness recounts slain hero's last words after 'being stabbed by white supremacist' Hero Portland stabbing survivor, 21, gives a thumbs up from his hospital bed and shows his scar after he was slashed in the neck during an attack that left two dead Trump condemns stabbings in Portland: President says the slayings of two Good Samaritans who were 'standing up to hate and intolerance' is 'unacceptable' Family of Navy SEAL, 27, who plummeted to his death in the Hudson River after his parachute failed to open during Fleet Week show pay tribute to 'our courageous warrior' Denver Post FIRES sportswriter who tweeted he was 'uncomfortable with a Japanese man winning the Indy 500 on Memorial Day weekend' Pictured: Female zookeeper, 33, who was mauled to death by a tiger in British wildlife park after it got into the enclosure with her in ‘freak accident’ that sent terrified visitors fleeing  Like father, like daughter! Chelsea Clinton's husband Marc Mezvinsky enjoys day out in New York City with Charlotte in matching blue jackets British Airways 'profited from trapped passengers who were desperate to reach their destinations by CHARGING them up to $1,000 for expensive upgrades' Shocking video shows Louisiana court officer wrestling man to the floor moments before shooting him outside French Quarter hotel At least 13 dead as ISIS brutes car bomb an ICE CREAM parlor packed with woman and children enjoying a late-night treat during Ramadan celebrations in Baghdad Could SEAWEED be the key to successful weight loss? University student receives $33,000 grant for groundbreaking research Are YOU putting your family at risk of skin cancer? Millions are unaware the star ratings on the back of sun cream bottles are just as important as SPF Was Jared seeking direct access to Putin? Investigators looking at 30 minutes Trump's son-in-law spent with Russian bank boss and close ally of the president Jared 'changes his mind' on Paris climate deal: Under-fire Kushner 'now thinks standards of the pact need to be changed' to ensure US participation - as Trump says 'he's doing a great job' Previous Next Mother-of-two 'locked her kids aged five and two inside of her car trunk so she could go shopping at Walmart' Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was jailed on suspicion of child abuse Good Samaritans heard banging and crying from inside of a trunk parked at the Walmart in Riverdale, Utah They talked an older child into opening the trunk with an emergency latch The children, ages two and five, are now with their father By Kiri Blakeley For Dailymail.com Published: 15:00 EDT, 27 May 2017 | Updated: 18:29 EDT, 29 May 2017 e-mail 240 shares 231 View comments Mother Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was charged with child abuse after allegedly locking her two young kids in a trunk while she shopped A Utah mother has been jailed on suspicion of child abuse after cops say she locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Walmart store to shop. Tori Lee Castillo, 39, remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday around 6pm in Riverdale, Utah when she returned to the car. Witnesses in the parking lot heard two children, ages two and five, making noise from inside the trunk and saw the Chevrolet sedan shaking, according to ABC 4.  Stunned onlookers talked the five-year-old through how to open the trunk by using the emergency latch. They also called 911.  Castillo was reportedly driving this Chevrolet sedan (above) and allegedly locked her two kids in its trunk The shocking incident happened in the parking lot of the Riverdale, Utah Walmart According to Castillo's Facebook page, the older child is a boy, the youngest a girl.  'Several Good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children,' said Police Lt. Casey Warren, according to the Deseret News.  One of the witnesses, Charity Maw, said she was in the parking lot when she heard crying and pounding coming from the trunk. 'I was shocked, I was shaken, and I was mad,' she told ABC 4. 'And there's two kids there, tears coming down their face. Bawling. They were scared. The little girl's voice. Just screaming, 'Let me out! I’m scared.'' Witness Charity Maw said when the trunk was opened, the two children were 'bawling' and 'scared' RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Three-week-old baby girl is killed in her home by a pit bull... Man, 30, is charged with murder of Chicago actress and... Share this article Share 'I wouldn't lock a dog in a trunk, let alone a kid,' said Maw.  Another witness told KSTU that when Castillo returned to the scene, she said her babysitter had failed to show. 'It’s never right to lock a child inside of a vehicle, let alone a trunk of a vehicle. Obviously there’s a lot of things that could go wrong,' Warren told the outlet. 'The fumes from the cars passing by, they could suffer carbon monoxide poisoning. Warren says the state child welfare was contacted. ABC 4 reports that the children are in the custody of their father.  Castillo has not yet been officially charged.  Read more: Woman arrested after allegedly locking kids in trunk while shopping | Deseret News Police: Woman locked kids in trunk while shopping at Walmart - Share or comment on this article e-mail 240 shares Most watched News videos High school student goes on profanity-laced rant at a teacher Restaurant employee arrested after pulling waitress by her ponytail Trump adds to couples list of faux pas by wiping away Melania's kiss Jared Kushner under scrutiny by the FBI in the Russia probe They're back! Donald and Melania Trump arrive back in the US Knife wielding man kills two men who were defending Muslim women Inhospitable little dog is NOT taking visitors at his doghouse Merkel says Europe must take fate into own hands Russian MMA fighter gets SLAPPED by his mum after losing fight Navy Seal killed in parachute accident at Fleet Week event Incredible moment Sott Dixon crashes during Indy500 Orangutan's daring escape from Perth Zoo leaves bystanders shocked 'They came into this world together and went out... 'This is BS. That's why I called ICE': Texas lawmaker... Shocking moment a high school student calls his Asian... Memorial Day brawl! Nationals star Bryce Harper throws... Trump 'BLOCKS' Jimmy Kimmel Live writer on Twitter after... Help me mom! Adorable moment bear cub reaches for its... 'You're losing your country white man!' Residents... Donald Trump Jr. marks Memorial Day with grueling Murph... Denver Post FIRES sportswriter who tweeted he was... Conspiracy theorist, 54, accused of taking pictures of a... Princeton professor calls Trump 'a racist, sexist... Family of Navy SEAL, 27, who plummeted to his death in... Hillary Clinton joins Bill and New York Governor Andrew... High school student, 18, drowns while swimming with... Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani tells graduates to... Life and legacy of late President John F. Kennedy... Under fire for his Russia contacts, Jared is souring on... Shocking video shows Louisiana court officer wrestling... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 231 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Babewatch! Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day at the beach with her boyfriend Flaunted her figure  Lindsey Vonn swaps snow gear for thong bikini as she takes in the glamor while in Monaco for the Grand Prix Lindsey was having fun in a red bikini  Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles Kim Kardashian says there's almost 'zero' chance mom Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex Caitlyn again Kris is furious with Caitlyn's revelations Fallen golf star Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of medications and alcohol wasn't involved as he apologizes  'I knew it, I knew it': Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' after finding out about his DUI arrest in Florida... then spends $5,000 at designer Dallas store Booty-ful ride! Kim Kardashian and Larsa Pippen give fans an eyeful as they hop onto arcade game for Memorial Day party Rode motorcycles No place like home! Smiling Nicole Kidman shows off her slender pins in skinny jeans as she visits her mother Janelle in Sydney ahead of her birthday Clooney on a tight leash before birth of his twins: Actor reveals he was banned from his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival  Bella Thorne snuggles up to ex Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation after the two were pictured in Cannes  'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at Ashton Kutcher compliment on The Bachelorette Couple showed up on the hit show PICTURED: Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City Exchanged vows in front of a flower-packed altar Cheeky! Kourtney Kardashian posts ANOTHER snap of her thong-clad bottom as she relaxes poolside in a beige bikini Buttocks on display  Not exactly the supermodel diet! Bella Hadid gorges on JUNK FOOD while showcasing her super-slim bikini body on a yacht in Monaco 'This is it': Geoffrey Rush confirms he won't do any more Pirates movies after latest installment in blockbuster series -  Dead Men Tell No Tales 'Bikini until it rains!' Kim Zolciak shows off her swimsuit body... while daughter Brielle flashes mom by exposing her breasts Pair have fun at home Feeling fancy! Britney Spears and boyfriend Sam Asghari go to celebrity hot spot Mastros for Memorial Day Weekend Dined out together  Dwayne Johnson wades through a river with 'fearless' daughter Jasmine... after Baywatch sinks at the box office  Father-daughter bonding Gucci style! Salma Hayek and hubby Francois-Henri Pinault are loved up in Florence for designer's Cruise 2018 Collection Retail therapy  Twinsies! Rachel Zoe spends Memorial Day in Malibu with her adorable matching sons Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day in Malibu Wet and wild! Carole Radziwill, 53, flaunts her perfect bikini body as RHONY star larks around in the pool with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy, 32 Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring uplifting drama'  Angry Oscar winner  'He's not a bad person': Kim Kardashian insists there is 'no drama' between Kylie Jenner and Tyga after split Kim came to the rappers defense  'I AM MARRIED WITH ME': Single supermodel Adriana Lima shares bizarre photo of herself wearing diamond wedding band on Instagram Breaking a sweat! Chris Pratt and John Krasinski honor Memorial Day by taking on The Murph Challenge fitness test together in the UK Pizza party! Tobey Maguire and Jennifer Meyer reunite for family outing with children in Los Angeles Reunited Monday for pizza with their children  Doting mom! Hilary Duff wears distressed jeans and black t-shirt as she treats son Luca, five, to lunch in LA Drove them to the burger restaurant in her SUV  'I stand with you': Ariana Grande's mother speaks out after 'diabolical' Manchester concert bombing Tweeted her complete support Smooth landing! Line-free Nicole Kidman, 49, shows off her VERY taut visage as she arrives home in Australia following long-haul flight 'It was quite disturbing': Jessica Chastain criticizes the way women were portrayed in Cannes Film Festival selections Was on the jury  'Thanks for putting up with me': Cindy Crawford celebrates 19 years of marriage with Rande Gerber Celebrated with sweet posts on Instagram Back to the grind: Anderson Cooper hits the gym in New York after he and his partner share romantic selfies from Venice vacation CNN anchor  'Bae watch!' Lea Michele gets playful on social media as she shows off her sensational figure in two tiny one-pieces for Memorial Day Salud! Sofia Vergara rocks white bustier top and long lace skirt as she throws lavish Memorial Day party Shared the fun with her social media followers  Happy couple! Kirsten Dunst and fiance Jesse Plemons are all smiles in complementing outfits at Gucci show in Italy The first love is the sweetest 'A lady never tells': Rebel Wilson denies claims she lied about her real age to journalists Accused lawyer of dragging out questioning Ed Sheeran confirms he hasn't popped the question to long-time girlfriend Cherry Seaborn... after Russell Crowe refers to her as the singer's 'fiancée' Growing up fast! Chris Brown hosts pool party at Los Angeles home as daughter Royalty turns three Singer looked full of pride  Make-up free Lily-Rose Depp looks worn out as she arrives at Tokyo airport after ringing in her 18th birthday with a weekend of wild celebrations What a catch! Alessandra Ambrosio reels in the attention as she goes fishing with her family in Malibu Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day  Natural beauty Zendaya goes make-up free while hiking with friends on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Star, 20, looked very relaxed 'He's going through a difficult time': One of Tiger Woods' ex-mistresses says she feels sorry for the golfer after his DUI arrest in Florida on Monday  EXCLUSIVE: Double take! Shirtless Orlando Bloom spends day at the beach in Malibu with swimsuit-clad hottie...who looks just like his ex Katy Perry  Move over Ben Affleck! Matt Damon's bromance with Chris Hemsworth heats up as the Hollywood stars spend time together in the French Riviera Good jeans! Lily Collins wears trendy denim jacket as she runs errands on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Dressed down for the holiday  The littlest flag bearer! Nicky Hilton shares snap of daughter Lily on husband James Rothschild's shoulders as stars mark Memorial Day Still a Straight Up star! Leggy Paula Abdul, 54, looks flawless as she dances, twirls and flies through the air on stage for her first tour in 25 years Dakota Johnson puts on an unusually busty display in plunging floral dress as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson True Blood couple Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer head to the beach for a casual holiday with their twins Poppy and Charlie  Enjoying her family time 'They had to split the back!' Poldark hunk Aiden Turner admits his was a 'few pounds too heavy' to fit into his fitted costumes for series three Caliente! Victoria Justice poses on the beach during Mexico getaway as she celebrates sister's 21st birthday Looked stunning 'She was restricted from sitting down': Amber Heard's Aquaman costume said to be so tight that crew followed her around with a leaning WALL as relief 'Girls would call me cottage-cheese thighs': Model Ashley Graham reveals cruel bullies made her school days hell... as they taunted her over famous curves Still making a deal? Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant is stuck to his phone as new wife Emilia wears sexy barely-there bikini on Mexican vacation Hidden turmoil behind Princess Diana's funeral: Her body was kept in a 'makeshift morgue' and William refused to walk behind the coffin  Prince William speaks candidly about Princess Diana's death and his regret that she didn't get to meet Kate, George and Charlotte as royals pose in off-duty shoot 'It is a process': Kim Kardashian admits 'begging' Khloe to be surrogate mother and help her have another baby on Watch What Happens Live Tom Cruise is the perfect gent as he offers Annabelle Wallis a hand at The Mummy premiere in Madrid... after UK screening is axed following terror attack  Reunited and it feel so good! The Bachelor's Nick Viall celebrates being in Montreal with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi with a big romantic airport kiss How Joan Collins saw off a randy studio boss  and Gregory Peck nearly drowned filming Moby Dick, as revealed in SIR ROGER MOORE'S witty memoirs What a bag, lady! Leggy Olivia Munn totes $4k backpack as she struts around in flirty checked sundress Aaron Rogers' ex was spotted in Vancouver Paris Hilton shows off her toned figure and womanly curves in plunging pink bikini as she shares sizzling snaps from Ibiza break on Instagram Life and legacy of late President John F. Kennedy celebrated nationwide on his 100th birthday He was born on May 29, 1927 in Brookline, MA Easy rider! Chloe Sevigny shows off her toned legs in quirky ensemble as she cruises through New York City on a rental bike 'Her son will miss her forever': Busy Philipps shares her sadness at poet friend's tragic suicide... as she urges fans to seek help Made an emotive post  Secrets of an A-list body: How to get shoulders like Thandie Newton  Recently showed off her toned upper body and shoulders on red carpet Newly-single Leonardo DiCaprio is spotted with a bevy of beautiful women in Monaco... days after partying with supermodels in Cannes Back in the old routine Bringing retro back! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel spend the holiday weekend with Jimmy Fallon... in a vintage VW camper van Spied in the Hamptons  Scott Disick cannot keep his hands off model, 19, during wild vacation... after steamy displays with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie AND three other women 'We should have free lunch for all of our public students': John Legend donates $5,000 to help cover meal debts at 99 schools in Seattle Generous gesture Bizarre moment Flash Gordon faces off with the Incredible Hulk after the two actors got into a heated argument before a Comic Con fan had to pull them apart Only in Carrie Bradshaw's world! Sarah Jessica Parker releases a 'sneaker' - a sparkly $255 sandal that has T-straps, cut-outs, and glitter Romancing with the stars! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei reveals she has agreed to go on a date with DWTS rival Bonner Bolton Pair got close on show She's found true love! Lost star Maggie Grace weds fiance Brent Bushnell in California after three-month engagement Started dating last year Party crew! Justin Bieber heads out in the Hamptons with Patrick Schwarzenegger and his gal pal Abby Champion  The 23-year-old singer played third wheel  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Bella Hadid exhibits her svelte figure as she parties with model pals on a super yacht following the Monaco Grand Prix 'I finally found summer!' Drew Barrymore rocks fun bird hat while posting snaps of beach vacation with four-year-old daughter Olive Donald Trump Jr. marks Memorial Day with grueling Murph CrossFit challenge in Upstate New York named after Navy SEAL who died in Afghanistan Size 22 model Tess Holliday pokes fun at herself by posing with a picture of a 'majestic' WHALE, before joking that she has been 'reunited with her family' 'Healing takes time, if it ever happens': Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder pays tribute to late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell at Amsterdam show 'I'm 30, I better get married': Kim sensed romance with Kris Humphries would end while on HONEYMOON after 'freaking out' about milestone birthday Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman disapprove of Connor's 'serious girlfriend' after her run-ins with the law and provocative social media profile PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Winnie Harlow shows off her sensational figure in skimpy thong bikini as she parties with her rumored beau Lewis Hamilton  Making a splash! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid jumps into the sea as she parties on a luxurious super yacht with shirtless Lewis Hamilton in Monaco Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden reveals her teenage anorexia battle resulted from the pressure of taking on royal duties at the age of 18 Joaquin Phoenix and Rooney Mara heighten romance rumors as they share affectionate display at the Cannes Closing Ceremony Headed home together Kim reveals she has not spoken to Taylor Swift since THAT blowup over Kanye's 'I made that b***h famous' lyric  Pop princess called it 'character assassination' Avoid specials, be wary of boasts and haggle for wine: Gordon Ramsay reveals his three golden rules for eating at restaurants  Inside information Keen chef Cher, 71, shows off kitchenware including two Le Creuset dishes worth $1,350 inside her VERY organized pantry (but can you spot her cat?) John Legend sends video message to parents of Manchester victim Olivia Campbell, 15, as they release recording of her singing 'All of Me' for charity Beach babe! Hoda Kotb celebrates Memorial Day weekend with three-month-old adopted daughter Haley  Adorable baby nestled on a blanket Hoff-ing for a miracle? Priyanka Chopra heads to Germany to promote Baywatch movie where original star David Hasselhoff is king after film's US flop Emily Ratajkowski strikes a pose in a pretty frilled bikini for fun Instagram video as she shows off her amazing curves during family pool day in Texas 'I'm odd!' SNL's Kate McKinnon reveals the secret to her success as she plays dress up for cover shoot Experiencing same fame as stars she parodies Oh baby! Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a teal bikini as she hits the beach in Thailand   Israeli model, 31, is Leonardo DiCaprio's ex Crown Princess Victoria opts for a SWAN print dress while Mary of Denmark plays it safe in lace as she joins the Swedish royals for dinner Back to the grind! Usher seen dancing against a scantily clad woman as he hosts a wild Memorial Day weekend party in Las Vegas Slender Sofia Richie sizzles in red floral bikini as she relaxes on a yacht in Monaco... after denying romance with Kourtney Kardashian's ex Scott Disick Miranda Kerr 'marries billionaire Snapchat founder Evan Spiegel in small but lavish event at his LA home' Supermodel was said to be 'ecstatic' Making a splash! Bikini besties Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale host twerk-a-thon as they rock sexy leopard print swimsuits Sexy side came out Nicole Kidman sends an apology video to Cannes after being unable to collect a special award as Will Smith gives a tear-filled speech on her behalf Kourtney Kardashian wows in VERY skimpy bikini as she cuddles up to toddler Reign after Cannes... as she 'BANS ex Scott Disick from seeing their children 'Mr. Sell' Fredrik Eklund jets off to Africa for romantic getaway with boyfriend after slashing price of Bethenny Frankel's apartment in bid to find buyer Son of Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour enjoys 'intimate' baths with his pet MAGPIE (even though his wife thinks it's 'slightly inappropriate') Leggy Ashley Tisdale slips her slender figure into backless leopard print swimsuit as she heads home from best pal Vanessa Hudgens' pool party in LA She's got nude ambition! Daring Emily Ratajkowski goes completely NAKED as she gets to work on the set of new thriller Welcome Home in Italy Gabriel Byrne, 67, sweetly coos over his newborn baby daughter as he and his younger wife Hannah Beth King take their tot for a stroll in NYC Rachel McCord shows off her super toned abs in a very racy lace-up red bikini as she splashes about with her pals at Santa Monica beach Audience shocked as Three 6 Mafia's DJ Paul threatens drive-by shootings during Memphis concert after sound issues and power outage That looks tasty! Emily Ratajkowski keeps strength up by munching beef in skimpy bikini  after flaunting delightful derriere in sexy snap Miami heat! Victoria's Secret angel Lais Ribeiro frolics in the sea with her boyfriend during beach getaway Continued her Memorial Weekend showcase 'I've needed her': Angelina Jolie says she 'would give anything' to have her late mother Marcheline Bertrand help her through her divorce from Brad Pitt HBO's Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani tells graduates to 'have sex with an immigrant' as he gives college commencement speech in Iowa Kris Jenner oozes sex appeal in off-the-shoulder white dress and kinky boots in West Hollywood after stalker scare Looked very sleek  As IF she looks that good! Youthful Alicia Silverstone, 40, stuns in chic pink blouse and minimal makeup as she hosts Clueless screening in LA Has Princess Beatrice been cured of her workshy ways - by her former beau's go-getting new American love?   Her ex Dave Clark has just proposed  'Obsessed' Rihanna fan 'vows to continue pursuit' of star as he's released from custody after pleading guilty to criminal trespass at her NYC penthouse Naomi Watts 'furious after ex Liev Schreiber broke their pact not to date anyone publicly for a year' and steps out with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown Good Lord! Bella Thorne shows Scott Disick what he's missing as she poses in underwear after brief Cannes fling Sizzling photos  Matthew Perry cuts a scruffy appearance as he steps out with mystery blonde in New York City He's had his troubles since Friends ended Beach babe Alessandra Ambrosio hits the sand in Malibu wearing a white bikini after posting topless shot Showed off her figure  Lady in red! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting scarlet pencil skirt with matching heels and clutch as she steps out in Madrid  Island girl! Sofia Vergara dances with cocounts in crop top and colorful skirt as she prepares for tropical-themed Memorial Day party Adam Levine shows off new 'TRUE LOVE' tattoos on his fingers... while holding his wife Behati Prinsloo's thong-clad derriere Took to Instagram Mommy and me time! Jenna Dewan Tatum takes daughter Everly shopping during Memorial Day weekend Spotted out in LA with her lookalike daughter More bad blood! Ryan Seacrest 'FURIOUS' Katy Perry will be 'earning more money than him' on American Idol with $25million paycheck 'If it's missing I know he has it': Elsa Pataky says she and Chris Hemsworth SHARE the same $180 moisturizer as she reveals her beauty secrets Charlotte McKinney flaunts her impossibly long legs in miniscule black dress and heels as she enjoys a dinner date in Malibu Looked sensational  Keeping Up With... Barbie! Kylie Jenner splashes out $20,000 to buy TWO huge art pieces inspired by the toy doll Canvas portraits Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea sizzles in skintight red top and leggings as she performs new single Switch on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon Sorry Scott, she's not interested! Sofia Richie strips to her swimsuit for yacht day... as teen strongly denies she's dating her 'homie' Disick Quick to diffuse rumors Uma Thurman goes for gold in gown as stunning Jessica Chastain leaves her best dress for last at glamorous final night of the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival  Just married! Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City The Shameless star got hitched Lea Michele flaunts her effortless style in figure-skimming silk dress as she steps out for dinner date in LA The Scream Queens actress dazzled Gillian Anderson transforms into glamour icon Monroe before impersonating rock star David Bowie on latest episode of hit show American Gods Milestone! Lily-Rose Depp rings in her 18th birthday modeling pink cowboy hats with Leila Rahimi Posted some social media updates 'Someone just died': Kourtney Kardashian tries to 'rescue' Kris Jenner during firefighting exercise on KUWTK Put through their paces Kendall Jenner looks chic in a fur-sleeved jacket as she gets back to LA life with dinner at Japanese restaurant She is getting back into the American groove Cannes Palme d'Or goes to Ruben Ostlund's The Square as Sofia Coppola becomes second woman to win best director Swedish comedy  'I felt like a fool': Sharon Osbourne admits she felt humiliated by Ozzy's cheating scandal... as the pair discuss renewing their vows  Da ya think I'm spec-sy! Kimberly Stewart and daughter Delilah del Toro don glasses as they head to lunch Her father is veteran rocker Rod Stewart Getting ready to party! Benji and Joel Madden stock up with supplies ahead of Memorial Day Twins are married to celebrities Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie  'Shine brighter!' Ariana Grande's brother Frankie tweets support for victims of Manchester terror attack Sent his love  'Do it for the Graham!' Ashley gives an up-close and personal tour of her curves poolside in sexy bikini video Shared with her  Instagram followers Baywatch is a massive flop for The Rock after bringing in nearly $20MILLION less than expected over Memorial Day weekend Life's a beach for flick     DON'T MISS No hangover here! Hilary Duff enjoys a play date with son Luca following wild night out with Lea Michele Visited a farmers market in Studio City 'Blacked out by 12pm': Snooki pours herself a vodka drink on Memorial Day weekend boat trip with hubby The mother-of-two knows how to party  Super dad! Mario Lopez reveals his rock hard physique as he plays with his kids on Cabo vacation Enjoying a beach day with his family Going Overboard! Anna Faris is a dead ringer for Goldie Hawn as she films remake of 1987 comedy Filming the movie in British Columbia His business is no good here! Lamar Odom 'turned out of LA strip club after he cut the line to get in' Busted at Van Nuys' Red Tie Gentleman's Club  Sunday shop! Caitlyn Jenner wears favorite maxi dress as she stocks up on groceries in Malibu Wore a cropped white cardigan and sandals Is there no stopping him? Now Scott Disick flirts up a storm with Sofia Richie, 18... who flashes her breast during his 34th birthday celebrations His famous fans: Kim Kardashian with Kendall and Kris Jenner sing along at John Legend's Los Angeles concert The reality family made a group outing Mellow yellow! Hailey Baldwin dares to bare in skimpy dress that reveals her bra as she steps out in NYC Out for an afternoon stroll in SoHo  Memorial Day dad duty! Pete Wentz takes sons Bronx, 8, and Saint, 2, out for some fun in West Hollywood Hit up the Farmer's Market  JFK the rebel: How the future president founded a troublemakers club at elite boarding school   Before he became the 35th president of the United States What a gentleman! Amber Heard keeps warm in billionaire beau Elon Musk's jacket on date night Smitten couple were in Sydney Rebel Wilson believes Walt Disney is her UNCLE and denies grandmother made up the 'lovely' story because she was obsessed with his films  What is this thing? Katherine Webb shares sweet video of birthday boy Tripp trying cake for the first time... but he isn't impressed So cute Fighting fit! Jennifer Garner heads to boxing class in LA... after emptying her home of ex Ben Affleck's stuff  She just kicked Batman out of the house The love boat! Matt Damon and wife share a kiss aboard luxury yacht before enjoying a day at the Monaco Grand Prix Just finished two films  Smart-casual, Rihanna style! Pop star rocks an off-the-shoulder shirt and ripped jeans on night out in Manhattan It is 2017's most annoying fashion trend 'We got a plan': Daniel Craig gets prison visit from Channing Tatum and Adam Driver in Logan Lucky trailer James Bond star's new movie  Juice date! Alessandra Ambrosio flaunts figure in tight white gear as she meets up with Gerard Butler in Malibu Looked great in casual workout duds Natural beauty! Fresh-faced Eva Longoria steps out for lunch in LA in tight green dress and baggy jacket The 42-year-old actress hid her makeup-free face 'Fix their hearts or die': Denise Bryson returns as transgender FBI agent as David Lynch also back on Twin Peaks Denise climbed the ranks of the FBI  I double do! Teen Wolf star Colton Haynes proposes to Kardashian florist Jeff Leatham... two months after his fiance popped the question first 'Grumpy, rarely smiles and his attitude is completely out of order': Concerns raised over Seal's sour attitude with judges and contestants on The Voice Australia Diane Kruger stuns in black Bardot gown as she wins best actress award... while ex-partner Joshua Jackson congratulates her in Instagram post The sex symbol who taught me how to kiss: Then Lana Turner gave Roger Moore a sensual massage - until her 6'5" husband put a stop to it James Bond star  'No More Boyfriends': Halle Berry strikes a busty pose in ripped t-shirt as she pokes fun at her love life She has endured three failed marriages 'He no doubt will be seething': Chris Martin 'not happy' after Russell Crowe MUNCHED on his 'girlfriend' Annabelle Wallis's neck at Sydney premiere of The Mummy 'Welcome to the Catskills!' Terry Richardson shares photo of partner Skinny holding a GUN while topless except for a pair of ammunition belts 'Going swimming!' Doting mother Geri Horner slips into a black swimsuit as she takes baby Monty to the pool in sweet Instagram snap Baby born in January  Jack Osbourne looks healthy and happy as he treats wife Lisa and kids to brunch at Malibu's swanky Soho House Seemed like any other dad  Low-key Angelina Jolie is in high spirits as she continues celebrations for daughter Shiloh's 11th birthday with a family museum trip in Los Angeles Back to her Baywatch roots! Pamela Anderson kicks off her heels for a dip in the ocean while wearing fancy gown at club opening In Marbella, Spain  Prince William and Kate's housekeeper quits her $44,000-a-year job at the couple's Norfolk home after her work becomes 'too demanding'  Setting pulses racing! Princess Charlene stuns in scarlet as she joins her husband at the Monaco Grand Prix  The race was given the royal treatment That's a sporty little number! Rita Ora rocks red school PE-style miniskirt as she struts around the stage on show in the UK Performing in Hull Busty Katy Perry, 32, flashes her underwear in a low-cut silver dress for energetic show in the UK... after admitting sex is 'amazing' in her thirties Bella Hadid sizzles in slinky red top and matching trousers as she joins a host of A-listers at Monaco Grand Prix Lady in red 'I will prevail:' Jane The Virgin's Gina Rodriguez reveals she suffers from anxiety The star opened up about it in an honest Instagram post Stars turn out for Oasis star Noel Gallagher's 50th, but brother Liam's not invited: Madonna and Bono among guests for party at country house  Oscar winning writer Dustin Lance Black, 43, looks happy unveiling a five-tier wedding cake with 23-year-old British Olympic diver husband, Tom Daley Harry Styles tells teenage girl severely injured in the Manchester attack he loves her during phone call to her moments after she woke up  Newly-single lady Olivia Munn shares flirty flash of her bikini-clad backside on Instagram... just a month after splitting from Aaron Rodgers PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: She Moss be joking! Model Lottie sizzles in a TINY bikini on holiday in Marbella Kate's little sister was joined by a pal EXCLUSIVE: Camilla opens up - in her own words - on the pressure of public life, her early negative press, the loss of her brother and her humble style  'He is off the rails again': Kourtney Kardashian 'BANS Scott Disick from seeing their children as she urges him to clean up his act' They have three kids Royals Kate and William FINALLY change  thank you note used for years as they send cards to everyone who wished Charlotte happy birthday Living the jet set life! Amber Heard looks delighted as she leaves Sydney airport with tech tycoon boyfriend Elon Musk and his sons to board his private plane 'It's the most amazing thing in the world': Proud dad Liam Payne insists solo material is 'more meaningful' than ever since his baby son Bear arrived Roger darling, no one did it better than you: BRITT EKLAND and seven other Bond girls share their intimate  memories of the spy who loved them  From FBI Agent to musician: The X-Files star David Duchovny announces first ever Australian tour Hollywood star is headed Down Under Sea of love! Chris Hemsworth cuddles up to his wife Ela Pataky while sailing around the French Riviera ahead of Monaco Grand Prix Pregnant Serena Williams dresses in a bold patterned dress as she takes her bump to Monaco for the Grand Prix Bump took center stage  Bleary-eyed Heidi Klum, 43, looks worse for wear as she leaves London hotspot with boyfriend Vito Schnabel, 30, clad in pin-flaunting gown Hoping that he'll Winnie? Model Harlow arrives at Monaco Grand Prix to support rumoured flame Lewis Hamilton with Bella Hadid Ready for war! Game Of Thrones actor Jason Momoa performs the haka with Auckland's UFC fighters while filming Aquaman on the Gold Coast 'You weave our lives into a magical blanket': Ian Somerhalder's birthday tribute to pregnant wife Nikki Reed Celebrations PDA in the park! Kate Hudson's new beau Danny Fujikawa can't keep his hands off her as they take her son Bingham to the playground Suit you! Supermodel Adriana Lima puts on a dazzling display teasing at her ample cleavage in plunging blazer as she leads the style at Monaco Grand Prix Some-thong to hide? Bella Hadid attempts to cover up her saucy swimwear with barely-there crochet as she enjoys another day in glam Cannes Today's headlines Most Read Memorial Day brawl! Nationals star Bryce Harper throws his helmet and charges Giants pitcher Hunter... BREAKING NEWS: Panama's former military dictator and CIA stooge Manuel Noriega dies aged 83 two months after... South Korea conducts joint drill with US supersonic B-1B Lancer bomber after North Korea's latest ballistic... Maine police officer, 20, in critical condition and another injured after crashing their boat while looking... I wasn't drunk! Fallen golf star Tiger Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to... 'I knew it, I knew it': Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' after finding out about his DUI arrest in... Tiger's $20M night of shame: Fallen golf star set to be 'DUMPED by his sponsors following his DUI arrest' as... 'Tell everyone on this train I love them': Portland train attack witness recounts slain hero's last words... Hero Portland stabbing survivor, 21, gives a thumbs up from his hospital bed and shows his scar after he was... Trump condemns stabbings in Portland: President says the slayings of two Good Samaritans who were 'standing... Family of Navy SEAL, 27, who plummeted to his death in the Hudson River after his parachute failed to open... Mother-of-two 'locked her kids aged five and two inside of her car trunk so she could go shopping at... Smokeless cigarettes contain MORE cancer-causing chemicals than traditional ones - despite tobacco giants... Like father, like daughter! Chelsea Clinton's husband Marc Mezvinsky enjoys day out in New York City with... BA 'profited from trapped passengers who were desperate to reach their destinations by CHARGING them up to... Shocking video shows Louisiana court officer wrestling man to the floor moments before shooting him outside... At least 13 dead as ISIS brutes car bomb an ICE CREAM parlour packed with women and children enjoying a... Denver Post FIRES sportswriter who tweeted he was 'uncomfortable with a Japanese man winning the Indy 500 on... Pictured: Female zookeeper, 33, who was mauled to death by a tiger after it got into the enclosure with her... Mother, 34, and another rescuer die trying to save her four-year-old girl after she was swept away in a Utah... Could SEAWEED be the key to successful weight loss? University student receives $45,000 grant for... Are YOU putting your family at risk of skin cancer? Millions are unaware the star ratings on the back of sun... Was Jared seeking direct access to Putin? Investigators looking at 30 minutes Trump's son-in-law spent with... Under fire for his Russia contacts, Jared is souring on Paris climate deal – but Trump says he's doing a... 'They died in war so that we could live in peace': Solemn Trump gives Memorial Day address at Arlington... McCain says Putin is a greater threat than ISIS and the US has 'done nothing' to counter Russian election... Macron launches extraordinary attack on Russian state media while Putin denies meddling in the French... Rolling with Rex: Secretary of State Tillerson dons a black leather vest and shades as he mounts his Harley... Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring... MORE HEADLINES Tiger's $20M night of shame: Fallen golf star set to be 'DUMPED by his sponsors following his DUI arrest' as he prepares for embarrassing DASHCAM footage to be released... but his ex-mistress says he is 'going through a difficult time' Three women rape man, 23, for THREE days after drugging and kidnapping him when he climbed into the back of a communal taxi in South Africa  Trump acted like a 'loud and tacky drunk tourist who steps on others without realizing' during his meetings with foreign allies, claims State Department official  Father of three siblings killed in horror highway smash was travelling ahead of them when he heard over a two-way radio that their car had crashed into two trucks Don't make him angry... you won't like him when he's angry! Flash Gordon and the Incredible Hulk have to be separated by fans after the two actors get into a blazing row at London's Comic Con I wasn't drunk! Fallen golf star Tiger Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of prescription medications and NOT alcohol as he apologizes to family and fans Look who’s walking! Newborn baby’s incredible first steps just minutes after leaving the womb  Trump 'BLOCKS' Jimmy Kimmel Live writer on Twitter after she 'hurt his feelings' Bank Holiday revellers hit the streets (some literally!) as they make the most of their three day weekend by donning fancy dress and flirting with armed police  'They died in war so that we could live in peace': Solemn Trump gives Memorial Day address at Arlington National Cemetery as he lays wreath at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier Pictured: Female zookeeper, 33, who was mauled to death by a tiger after it got into the enclosure with her in ‘freak accident’ that sent terrified visitors fleeing  Memorial Day brawl! Nationals star Bryce Harper throws his helmet and charges Giants pitcher Hunter Strickland after being plunked on the backside as benches clear and fists fly in epic fight 'I knew it, I knew it': Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' after finding out about his DUI arrest in Florida... then spends $5,000 at designer Dallas store Emergency services thought German man was JOKING when he called to say his girlfriend, 23, was being raped at knifepoint by Ghanaian asylum seeker during camping trip Shocking moment a high school student calls his Asian science teacher a 'n****r' during a vile racist outburst Denver Post FIRES sportswriter who tweeted he was 'uncomfortable with a Japanese man winning the Indy 500 on Memorial Day weekend' Family of Navy SEAL, 27, who plummeted to his death in the Hudson River after his parachute failed to open during Fleet Week show pay tribute to 'our courageous warrior' Touché! How President 'violently pulled his French counterpart towards him' after that power play during first meeting Princeton professor calls Trump 'a racist, sexist meglomaniac' during commencement speech at Hampshire College Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani tells graduates to 'have sex with an immigrant' as he gives college commencement speech in Iowa 'This is BS. That's why I called ICE': Texas lawmaker calls border guard on protesters who filled state capital to oppose immigration bill, then threatens to 'put a bullet' in a Democrat's head Cliffhanger homes: Swedish architects design human BIRD BOXES that perch on mountainsides and are just 50 square metres in size  Two boys, 16, 'raped a drunk girl, 14, during a house party and posted pictures of her, "naked and bloody," on SNAPCHAT' Under fire for his Russia contacts, Jared is souring on Paris climate deal – but Trump says he's doing a 'great job' despite reports on Kushner's clout At least 13 dead as ISIS brutes car bomb an ICE CREAM parlour packed with women and children enjoying a late-night treat during Ramadan celebrations in Baghdad MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Column: Many options to student loans for college Community briefs - Southside Reporter Community calendar — Northeast Herald Community briefs - Northeast Herald Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace College-bound Pesina overcomes challenges Column: Graduates eventually will follow advice Community calendar - Southside Reporter Reagan ends Southwest’s Cinderella postseason run US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 Philippine military: City siege was start of extremist plan Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 Australia plans to ban pedophiles from traveling overseas Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases The Rim’s growth expands with two new apartment complexes USAA touches off Twitter firestorm after yanking Hannity ads Low gas prices, job growth in Texas could spur increased summer RadioShack closing 1,000 stores during Memorial Day weekend Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Texas A&M baseball team headed to Houston Longhorns back in NCAA baseball tourney Girls basketball: Former Johnson standout Caldwell will play at Spurs’ Parker targets January return Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Celebrate Memorial Day Weekend with San Antonio's best burgers San Antonio restaurant inspections: May 26, 2017 Southtown staple La Tuna celebrating 25 years this summer with Craft doughnuts to roll out on North St. Mary’s Street Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties Photos: Love for music abounds at San Antonio's 36th annual May 30 DVD roundup Review: Symphony’s force awakens with John Williams concert Naked Magicians shows postponed due to injury Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Tubing season is officially open - sort of Don't let Texas' most mispronounced cities trip you up during Texas: Fecal bacteria levels at Gulf beaches ahead of Memorial Here's why Seguin may be Central Texas' most-underrated getaway Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla A cutting edge way to ‘come out’ — on Facebook Trump could use NAFTA history lesson Because it doesn’t suck enough to be poor Your Turn: May 30 Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Toyota’s redesigned Land Cruiser excels on, off road; comes Hyundai rolls out new Ioniq hatchback in hybrid, plug-in hybrid, Subaru rolls out a redesigned Outback wagon for 2018, giving it a Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Trump budget draws ire, concern from minority communities Dear, Harvard: 10 memorable quotes from Zuckerberg's speech US jobless claims rose slightly to 234,000 last week Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/crime/article/5-000-reward-offered-for-info-on-suspect-who-11180761.php $5,000 reward offered for info on suspect who allegedly robbed E. Side Walmart, threatened employee By Caleb Downs, mySA.com / San Antonio Express-News Updated 2:31 pm, Monday, May 29, 2017 Begin Slideshow 39 Photo: Crime Stoppers Image 1of/39 Caption Close Image 1 of 39 The suspect allegedly robbed the Walmart in the 2100 block of Loop 410 around 12:30 a.m. on May 2. The suspect allegedly robbed the Walmart in the 2100 block of Loop 410 around 12:30 a.m. on May 2. Photo: Crime Stoppers Image 2 of 39 Click through for details on some of the most wanted people in the area by San Antonio Crime Stoppers and the Bexar County Sheriff's Office. Click through for details on some of the most wanted people in the area by San Antonio Crime Stoppers and the Bexar County Sheriff's Office. Image 3 of 39 Jacqueline Veronica Brown Wanted for: theft $100,000-$200,000 Tip line: 224-7867 Jacqueline Veronica Brown Wanted for: theft $100,000-$200,000 Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 4 of 39 Kevin Richardson Slack AKA: Bubba Wanted for: Agg Robbery; Evading Arrest/Detention W/Veh; Tamper Evidence-intent IMPA; Poss Marij 0-2 oz Tip line: 335-8477 Kevin Richardson Slack AKA: Bubba Wanted for: Agg Robbery; Evading Arrest/Detention W/Veh; Tamper Evidence-intent IMPA; Poss Marij 0-2 oz Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Most Wanted Image 5 of 39 Roland Aguilar Wanted for: Agg Asslt w/Deadly Wpn; Sexual Assault Tip line: 335-8477 Roland Aguilar Wanted for: Agg Asslt w/Deadly Wpn; Sexual Assault Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Most Wanted Image 6 of 39 Patricia Almaguer AKA Patricia Cisneros Almaguer Wanted for: Indecency-Child Exposure, Assault-Public Servant-BI Tip line: 335-8477 Patricia Almaguer AKA Patricia Cisneros Almaguer Wanted for: Indecency-Child Exposure, Assault-Public Servant-BI Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff’s Office Image 7 of 39 Ramiro Benjamin Delarosa AKA Ramiro Saucedo Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Ramiro Benjamin Delarosa AKA Ramiro Saucedo Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 8 of 39 Ricardo Acevedo Elizondo Wanted for: Felony possession with intent to sell Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $5,000 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. Ricardo Acevedo Elizondo Wanted for: Felony possession with intent to sell Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $5,000 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. Photo: Courtesy Photo. Image 9 of 39 Belinda Sauceda Fernandez Wanted for: Injury to Child-SBI-Omission Tip line: 335-8477 Belinda Sauceda Fernandez Wanted for: Injury to Child-SBI-Omission Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Fechter, Joshua I, Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 10 of 39 Jesus Flores AKA Jesus Contreras Flores Wanted for: Burglary Habitation-Force; Assault Bodily Injury-Fam/HHLD; Burglary Habitation-Intent to Commit Felony-F Tip line: 335-8477 Jesus Flores AKA Jesus Contreras Flores Wanted for: Burglary Habitation-Force; Assault Bodily Injury-Fam/HHLD; Burglary Habitation-Intent to Commit Felony-F Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff’s Office Image 11 of 39 Carlos Gonzales Garcia Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child, Violation of Sex Offender Registration Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $300 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. less Carlos Gonzales Garcia Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child, Violation of Sex Offender Registration Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $300 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. ... more Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 12 of 39 Omar Garcia Wanted for: Possession with Intent to Deliver a Controlled Substance 4gm-200gm Tip line: 224-7867 Omar Garcia Wanted for: Possession with Intent to Deliver a Controlled Substance 4gm-200gm Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 13 of 39 Dewitt Garry, Jr. Wanted for: Contempt of Court, probation violation Tip line: 335-8477 Dewitt Garry, Jr. Wanted for: Contempt of Court, probation violation Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 14 of 39 Leonardo Garza III AKA Leo Garza Wanted for: Assault - Family - 2nd Offense; Assault - Family - Choking/Stran; Burglary habitation - force Tip line: 335-8477 Leonardo Garza III AKA Leo Garza Wanted for: Assault - Family - 2nd Offense; Assault - Family - Choking/Stran; Burglary habitation - force Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 15 of 39 Urbano Ernesto Gonzalez Wanted for: Violation of Sex Offender Registration Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $300 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. Urbano Ernesto Gonzalez Wanted for: Violation of Sex Offender Registration Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $300 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 16 of 39 Jose Carmelo Lara Wanted for: Indecency w/Child - contact Tip line: 335-8477 Jose Carmelo Lara Wanted for: Indecency w/Child - contact Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 17 of 39 Jose Lopez AKA Jose Lopez-Garcia Wanted for: Agg Asslt WDW & SBI-Fam/Dating Tip line: 335-8477 Jose Lopez AKA Jose Lopez-Garcia Wanted for: Agg Asslt WDW & SBI-Fam/Dating Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 18 of 39 Carmen Martinez Wanted for: Theft $1,500 to $20,000 - Welfare Fraud Tip line: 224-7867 Carmen Martinez Wanted for: Theft $1,500 to $20,000 - Welfare Fraud Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 19 of 39 Daniel Garza Martinez Wanted for: Possession of a Controlled Substance PG1 4 to 200 Grams Tip line: 224-7867 Daniel Garza Martinez Wanted for: Possession of a Controlled Substance PG1 4 to 200 Grams Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 20 of 39 Juan Mendoza Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 335-8477 Juan Mendoza Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 21 of 39 Johel Padilla Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child Tip line: 224-7867 Johel Padilla Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 22 of 39 Juan Julio Ramirez Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Juan Julio Ramirez Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Fechter, Joshua I, Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 23 of 39 Carlos L. Rodriguez Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Carlos L. Rodriguez Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 24 of 39 Ruben Garcia Rodriguez AKA Ruben Rodriguez Wanted for: Agg Sexual Assault-Child Tip line: 335-8477 Ruben Garcia Rodriguez AKA Ruben Rodriguez Wanted for: Agg Sexual Assault-Child Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Fechter, Joshua I, Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 25 of 39 Jorge Montero Segura Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child Tip line: 335-8477 Jorge Montero Segura Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault - Child Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 26 of 39 Pablo Elias Torrescano AKA Pablo Torres Cano Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault-Child; Poss. Child Pornography; Promo Child Pornography Tip line: 335-8477 Pablo Elias Torrescano AKA Pablo Torres Cano Wanted for: Aggravated Sexual Assault-Child; Poss. Child Pornography; Promo Child Pornography Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Fechter, Joshua I, Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 27 of 39 John Reed Webb Wanted for: Theft $1,500 to $20,000 Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $5,000 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. John Reed Webb Wanted for: Theft $1,500 to $20,000 Reward: Crime Stoppers will pay up to $5,000 for information which leads to the arrest of the fugitive. Call 224-7867. Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 28 of 39 Jasmin Williams AKA Jasmin Shari Williams Wanted for: False name/info and forgery; Theft of service $500-1500; Assault bodily injury - married; Theft $20-500 Check Tip line: 335-8477 Jasmin Williams AKA Jasmin Shari Williams Wanted for: False name/info and forgery; Theft of service $500-1500; Assault bodily injury - married; Theft $20-500 Check Tip line: 335-8477 Photo: Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 29 of 39 Miguel Rodriguez Gutierrez Wanted for: Murder warrant and a felony warrant for Poss W/Int Del CS PG1 4g-200g Tip line: 224-7867 Miguel Rodriguez Gutierrez Wanted for: Murder warrant and a felony warrant for Poss W/Int Del CS PG1 4g-200g Tip line: 224-7867 Photo: Crime Stoppers / Courtesy Image 30 of 39 Kerry Gittens Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Kerry Gittens Wanted for: Murder Tip line: 224-7867 Image 31 of 39 Rebecca Alvarez AKA Rebecca Nicole Alvarez Wanted for: Trafficking of person younger than 18-years-old, sexual assault of a child, possession of marijuana, fail ID-fug-Int give false Tip line: 335-8477   less Rebecca Alvarez AKA Rebecca Nicole Alvarez Wanted for: Trafficking of person younger than 18-years-old, sexual assault of a child, possession of marijuana, fail ID-fug-Int give false Tip line: 335-8477 ... more Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 32 of 39 Xavier Evan Levine AKA Xavier Evan Meza Levine Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, possession of prohibited knuckles, possession of marijuana Tip line: 335-8477   Xavier Evan Levine AKA Xavier Evan Meza Levine Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, possession of prohibited knuckles, possession of marijuana Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 33 of 39 Thomas Andrew Fresco AKA Crazy boy, Thomas Guevara Wanted for: Sexual assault of a child Tip line: 335-8477   Thomas Andrew Fresco AKA Crazy boy, Thomas Guevara Wanted for: Sexual assault of a child Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 34 of 39 David Garcia AKA David Garcia Jr. Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, possession of marijuana Tip line: 335-8477   David Garcia AKA David Garcia Jr. Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon, possession of marijuana Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 35 of 39 Patrick Edgell Wanted for: Online solicitation of a minor under 14-years-old, online solicitation of a minor-meet Tip line: 335-8477   Patrick Edgell Wanted for: Online solicitation of a minor under 14-years-old, online solicitation of a minor-meet Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 36 of 39 Gregory Huitron Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Tip line: 335-8477   Gregory Huitron Wanted for: Aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 37 of 39 Leann Marie Bickell AKA Leann Molatapia, Leann Ropers, Leann Rogers, Lynne Kautz Wanted for: Utterin a forged instrument, obtaining cash or merchandise by means of a bogus check/false pretenses, bail jumping Tip line: 335-8477   less Leann Marie Bickell AKA Leann Molatapia, Leann Ropers, Leann Rogers, Lynne Kautz Wanted for: Utterin a forged instrument, obtaining cash or merchandise by means of a bogus check/false pretenses, bail jumping ... more Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 38 of 39 Javonte McElvain AKA Javonte Marque McElvain Wanted for: Two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Tip line: 335-8477   Javonte McElvain AKA Javonte Marque McElvain Wanted for: Two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon Tip line: 335-8477   Photo: Courtesy/Bexar County Sheriff's Office Image 39 of 39 $5,000 reward offered for info on suspect who allegedly robbed E. Side Walmart, threatened employee 1 / 39 Back to Gallery Police are asking for the public's assistance in locating and identifying a man accused of robbing an East Side Walmart and threatening an employee. The suspect allegedly robbed the Walmart in the 2100 block of Loop 410 around 12:30 a.m. on May 2. RELATED: SAPD: Gunman flees after shooting man outside NE side strip club An employee noticed the suspect attempting to shoplift and tried to stop him, but the suspect told him to back off because he had a gun, according to a Crime Stoppers report. The suspect then fled the scene. Police say he is now wanted on charges of robbery by threat. Crime Stoppers may pay up to $5,000 for information that leads to the arrest of the suspect responsible fore the robbery. Anyone with information is asked to call 210-224-7867. Text "NEWS" to 77453 for breaking news alerts from mySA.com News Channel cdowns@mysa.com Twitter: @calebjdowns    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest Quarrel escalates after TX Republican calls ICE on protesters Spurs’ Parker gives update on injury, possible return date Police to show S.A. mayor video of alleged striking of teen girl Photo shows suspect in E. Side Walmart robbery SAPD: Man shot outside NE side strip club 34 brands that could be next to announce mass closures Dreamy Texas beach houses for your next getaway Early voting for June 10 runoff begins Tuesday ‘Whales’ exhibit makes big impression at Witte Museum These unusual summer vacation spots are surging in popularity... Driver flees after hitting man who uses mobility scooter in NW... Here's where you can eat one of S.A's best hamburgers Best spots in S.A. for brisket See some of the oddest, extreme barbecue grills in Texas Rank: S.A.-area high schools graded from A-F 2 S.A. high schools named 'most beautiful' in Texas Rank: Average teacher salaries at S.A. schools Fans braved intense heat for River City Rockfest '80s heartthrob brings his band to rock Comic Con after party Big shows headed for San Antonio this summer Tubing season is officially open - sort of Tubing Instagrams flow through social media 10 must-visit Texas swimming holes Recent Breaking News $5,000 reward offered for info on suspect who allegedly robbed... Border patrol finds $1.4 million worth of cocaine inside... NWS: Severe storms with possibility of flash flooding, hail... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    Breaking news    Morning headlines    Today's most-read stories    Evening headlines    Traffic alerts    Weather alerts    Politics news & alerts    Border & Mexico news & alerts    Obituaries EMAIL: Click here to sign up for Sports, Neighborhoods and more Email Alerts. Most Popular 1 Affidavit: Girl caught searching porn at school was looking... 2 Old tweet from Ivanka Trump about husband Jared Kushner has... 3 Celebrate Memorial Day Weekend with San Antonio's best burgers 4 San Antonio senator talks annexation bill to death 5 SAPD: Gunman flees after shooting man outside NE side strip club 6 NWS: Severe storms with possibility of flash flooding, hail... 7 Video shows great white shark attacking kayaker in Monterey Bay 8 Nasty confrontation breaks out between tea party Republican... 9 San Antonio-area public high schools in 2017, ranked by... 10 34 companies that could be the next to announce mass store... 11 Ultimate sacrifice: Teen dies shielding cousin from gunfire 12 San Antonio police will show mayor their own video of incident... 13 San Antonio restaurant inspections: May 26, 2017 14 LGBTQ dance protest breaks out in front Mayor Ivy Taylor’s... 15 Here's why Seguin may be Central Texas' most-underrated... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
newsnet5 Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Live Storm Tracking Radar School Closings and Delays Live Cameras Tornado Safety Severe Weather Alerts Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices Traffic News Consumer + Contests Business Don’t Waste Your Money Consumer Reports Financial Fitness Zone ShopSmart News + Cleveland Metro Local News Akron-Canton Democracy 2016 Ohio Investigative National Health Decode DC Education PolitiFact E-Team Conquering Addiction Steve Stephens Coverage Entertainment + Celebrity Cle Rocks TV Guide The List My Ohio Community Calendar Crossword Sudoku Life + Mark's Garden My Ohio Tech Water Cooler Food & Dining Horoscope Pets Religion Sports + Browns Cavaliers OSU Indians HS Football Student Athlete Video + Live Video Video Vault 5 Live video 2 Best of the Class Right This Minute Photo Gallery Marketplace + Spotlight 5 Ohio Lottery Cleveland Auto News About Us + Staff Seen On 5 Our History Jobs Station Info Contact Us Advertising Blogs Support Current 65 Mostly Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 80° LO: 60° HI: 80° LO: 60° HI: 80° LO: 60° More Weather Traffic current alerts 9 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 1 Weather Alert Flood Warning issued May 30 at 12:40AM EDT expiring May 30 at 11:00AM EDT in effect for: Lorain 1 Weather Alert Shoplifting suspect dead after officer-involved shooting at Missouri Wal-Mart 41 Action News Staff 5:37 AM, May 29, 2017 1:30 PM, May 29, 2017 Share Article Previous Next A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown Wal-Mart Sunday night. The deputy was injured in the incident. A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown Wal-Mart Sunday night. The deputy was injured in the incident. Josh Helmuth - 41 Action News Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next RAYTOWN, Mo. - A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown, Missouri Wal-Mart Sunday night. Police said around 9:15 p.m. an off-duty deputy working for Wal-Mart tried to stop a male suspect from shoplifting. "A struggle ensued. She was disarmed of her Taser and got out her service weapon and shot the suspect. He was transported to a local hospital where he was pronounced deceased," Sgt. John Payne with the Jackson County Sheriff's Office said.  Both the deputy and the suspect were taken to the hospital. The suspect later died, and the suspect's age is unknown at this time. The deputy was treated and released from the hospital. She will be placed on leave until the investigation is over.    Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Consumer Sports Entertainment Life Video Photo GalleryMarketplaceSupport News 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff Lottery Video Vault 5 Teacher of the Week Contests Community Calendar Academic Challenge Mark's Garden Student Athlete Grit TV 5.2 Laff TV 5.3 Mobile Apps News 5 iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Newsy iPhoneAndroid RokuAmazon Fire TV Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment Events EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 72° 72° Low 70° High 80° Tue 73° 88° Wed 74° 86° Thu 74° 84° See complete forecast Severe weather alert North Texas police chief under investigation after arrest of beauty queen Posted 11:52 AM, May 29, 2017, by Newsfix Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email × North Texas police chief under investigation after arrest of beauty queen COMMERCE, TX – The winner of Miss Black Texas 2016 says she was harassed, unlawfully arrested, and detained by a North Texas police chief. If that’s not bad enough, she also says he called her a “black b*tch.” Carmen Ponder, a recent graduate of Texas A&M University, tweeted she experienced “road rage” from the police chief of Commerce, Kerry Crews, on Tuesday. Police brutality and Abuse of Power from a Police Chief. Let me talk to my lawyer and I'll fill y'all in #blacklivesmatter — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 22, 2017 According to Ponder, she was on her way to Walmart when she encountered a black truck driving erratically in front of her. She says she decided to pass the vehicle to avoid potential danger because she believed the driver to be drunk. She realized the vehicle had followed her after parking her car outside of Walmart. Crews, who allegedly identified himself as police, yelled at her for passing his 14-year-old daughter who was learning how to drive at the time. Ponder reminded Crews that it’s illegal for a 14-year-old to drive, leading Crews to allegedly call Ponder a “black b*tch.” After the confrontation, Ponder entered Walmart, purchased her items, and headed back to her vehicle when Crews, his daughter, and another man confronted her. According to Ponder, the man informed her that Crews was a police chief and suggested that she apologize to him. Ponder refused and called the police. When police arrived on the scene, the man who approached Ponder allegedly told them that she was resisting arrest and instructed police to arrest her. Ponder was arrested and detained for 24 hours. She was charged with evading arrest. She posted her encounter on Twitter: @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder is calling for her charges to be dropped, Crews to be fired, and disciplinary action for other involved officers. Commerce police released a statement on Thursday, claiming Ponder’s statements do not match  Crews’. Filed in: Texas Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Couple who paid off $200K debt in 2 years reveal how they did it Two Texas children die in hot car Weekend Events: Events 26 – 28 Memorial Day Weekend Viral ‘Cash Me Outside’ girl coming to Houston to…perform? Latest News Houston celebrates the lives of fallen soldiers on Memorial Day Houston Press Best of Houston®- Best Bike Shop Rainy Memorial Day has Houstonians nervous about flooding Female WW II service veteran shares the feminine side of serving our country Nation/World Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say Local NewsFix Chain of collisions kills woman on North Beltway 8 Local Mother questioned after head-on crash critically injures 2 kids, kills elderly woman  Nation/World Woman charged after listing boy, 14, as father of her unborn child Texas Texas woman rescued after 5 days in Arizona wilderness, authorities say Nation/World Texas woman rescued after 5 days in Arizona wilderness, authorities say Local Two deadly shootings in two different locations may be the work of one man NewsFix ‘Not the ending that any of us hoped for’: Remains of Arizona girl found 5 years later Texas Denison teen confesses to lying about 3 black men kidnapping, gang raping her Nation/World Four-year-old falls out of moving bus Nation/World Police: Driver nearly runs over cops near Capitol; shots fired Nation/World Facebook murder suspect Steve Stephens kills himself after pursuit Nation/World Man who killed wife in San Bernardino shooting was pastor with military background Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo AdTech Shopper Marketing Forum Awards CASSIES Shopper Innovation Awards AToMiC Awards Marketing Awards PROMO! Awards Strategy Awards Agency of The Year Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Tech C-Suite    ARCHIVE Home » Branding, Creative, Featured » True patriot branding As July 1 approaches, here's how brands are taking part in Canada's 150th birthday celebrations. By Mark Burgess 15 hours ago This article appears in the June 2017 issue of  strategy. Tim Hortons has a special cup. Walmart has gotten into Tom Thomson prints. Researchers at Toronto’s Hospital for Sick Children sequenced the genome of the Castor canadensis – the Canadian beaver. Dedicated online vendors are hawking playing cards and mints, ice scrapers and commemorative pins (so many commemorative pins), canoe paddles and canoe paddle key chains, all bearing the official Canada 150 logo. The marketing push around Canada’s 150th birthday has so far featured a mix of trinkets, curiosities and pay-it-forward initiatives. As July 1 nears, campaigns looking to capture and reflect what it means to be Canadian in 2017 (while selling merchandise, vacations and – obviously – beer) are gearing up for a prideful sesquicentennial summer. The anniversary coincides with what Ela Veresiu, assistant marketing professor at York University’s Schulich School of Business, describes as a wave of “unapologetic patriotism.” As other Western nations lurch to the extreme, inward-looking right, Canada has distinguished itself from its long-time role models by standing out as an open and inclusive alternative. Brands from Air Canada to Toronto Tourism to Canadian Tire have picked up on this over the past year with campaigns featuring Syrian refugees being welcomed and diversity celebrated in various ways. CIBC’s “#StandforCanada” 150 campaign is built around a digital mosaic – an animated maple leaf made from aggregated social media posts, featuring images of Canadian landscapes and kids in hockey jerseys alongside messages about diversity. “You get a synergy between what people feel and what brands can do,” says David Soberman, marketing professor at U of T’s Rotman School of Management. National pride has become a reliable marketing card for brands to play just in time for the national birthday party. “It definitely opens a window for companies big and small, and not only Canadian, to become involved in advertising campaigns through this idea of Canadian identity and Canadian patriotism,” Veresiu says. Mining Canadian heritage An IMI report released last fall put Molson and Roots among the brands Canadians expect to “do the best job” of celebrating the anniversary (fifth and sixth, respectively, behind Tim Hortons, Canadian Tire, HBC and, curiously, Coca-Cola). Both launched campaigns this spring around history, values and recognizing the contributions of both exceptional and everyday Canadians. The Molson brewery was established in Montreal in 1786, and the Molson Canadian brand – known for iconic patriotic ads, from 2001’s “The Rant” to the more recent “Beer Fridge” spots – is going back to its founder for its 150 campaign. John Molson was a leading 19th-century Lower Canadian entrepreneur, involved in railroads, steamships, hotels, beer and politics. The brand is playing up the founder’s values around community and individual contribution to the public good, tracing its roots through seven generations to current chairman Geoff Molson, who is starring in the campaign by Rethink. Looking back at the company’s founder inspired the whole campaign, says marketing director Chris Blackburn. It asks Canadians to nominate their compatriots (using the hashtag #ATasteOfWhoWeAre) who represent “the best of Canadian character,” he says. It also targets consumers’ nostalgia. A fleet of old, red trucks will deliver 150 Molson beer fridges to the chosen Canadians, and those fridges will be filled with vintage stubby bottles of Canadian, which were re-launched in May. But focusing too much on historical figures can create challenges for brands, as parts of the country’s history are contested or abhorred by some Canadians. John Molson was a member of Lower Canada’s “Château Clique,” the small group of Anglophone businessmen who wielded power in the French-speaking colony. “The balance we always strike is consumers aren’t looking for a history lesson,” Blackburn says. “The things that will resonate are the types of values: core human truths that might lie in your brand and company’s history that are still relevant in the world today.” Roots’s “Nice” campaign is also values-based, incorporating elements of Canada’s recent history in an attempt to encapsulate the national character while subverting the “polite Canadian” stereotype, says Shane Ogilvie, co-founder of The Garden, the agency behind the creative. The campaign video (narrated by actor Kim Cattrall) seeks to shift the definition of “nice.” It covers the “polite nice” with a Mountie and the “funny nice” with John Candy and Dan Aykroyd before entering more charged territory, from gay marriage to race in the NHL. The work “celebrates the fact that a tremendous amount of things have been nice about Canada, as well as some things we recognize that we haven’t done well enough,” says James Connell, VP of e-commerce and marketing at Roots. While Romeo Dallaire represents “the kind of nice that takes guts,” and Greenpeace stands in for “disruptive nice,” scenes of indigenous protests show that “Nice is knowing when sorry just isn’t enough.” Ogilvie says it was important, while promoting this new definition of nice, “to call out those moments where we still probably have some work to do.” As for using images of the Highway of Heroes, the funeral route for convoys carrying soldiers who died in Afghanistan, and vigils following the 1989 shooting at Montreal’s École Polytechnique, Ogilvie says it’s about showing how Canadians reacted and adding that context to the definition of “nice.” “Using those things was necessary to show the depths and the courage that Canadians are willing to go to – to be Canadian and to continue living the way we do,” he says. “So we were comfortable with it.” The campaign also includes a social media search for Canada’s nicest person, with 10 finalists put to a vote, and the winner receiving $10,000 for the charity of their choice. Roots is also selling “nice buttons and pins,” with all the proceeds going to WE’s indigenous youth program. Giving back Several campaigns around the anniversary have a heavy CSR element, looking forward at ways to improve the country rather than focusing on its history. Tying the work to a cause “makes it easier to think of these campaigns as more authentic and endearing, and really speaking to the Canadian identity,” Schulich’s Veresiu says. CN and TD, both companies with long histories and nation-building claims, are looking forward with environmental initiatives. The national railway gave $25,000 grants to 50 communities for greening projects, including a ceremonial 150th anniversary tree, while the bank’s “#TDCommonGround,” with agency Diamond, is investing in green spaces for 150 communities. RBC’s “#Make150Count” campaign, by Grip, is giving $150 for community projects to more than 3,000 young Canadians, and asking the recipients to share their stories, which will be used as content for social, digital, TV and print ads. The strategy of making consumers participants in the content creation process is especially effective for the anniversary when it aligns with a brand’s focus on celebrating Canadians, Veresiu says. For Molson’s aforementioned #ATasteOfWhoWeAre campaign, Blackman says, “The task wasn’t ‘How do we create a big piece of advertising?’ It was ‘How do we take actions that feel substantial and make a real contribution?’” Apparel, novelty items and so much beer And then there are the novelty items. The Hudson’s Bay Company is tying a special anniversary apparel and souvenir collection to a CSR program – the Great Trail project, connecting 24,000 km of trails across the country into one artery this year – by donating 10% of sales to the initiative (50% for the mini canoe paddle and key chain). Toronto’s Drake General Store is partnering with HBC and advertising agency Sid Lee on a t-shirt line designed by 10 influential Canadians (including Blue Rodeo’s Jim Cuddy, chef Susur Lee and designer Hayley Elsaesser), called One Fif Tee. A percentage of sales will go to the t-shirt designers’ charity of choice. While Molson dug into its past for the return of the stubby, Swedish vodka brand Absolut has a limited edition Canada 150 bottle with a graphic by Toronto designer Elizabeth (Libs) Elliott. And of course there are other beers. Beau’s, the official beer of Ottawa’s 150 celebrations, is partnering with organizations across Canada to create a special 150 brew for every month of 2017. Surrey, B.C.’s Central City Brewers has a special 150 12-pack featuring a dozen beers from across the country. And Halifax’s Propeller Brewing Company is hosting The Great Canadian Lager Challenge, inviting Canadian craft and home brewers to submit their most patriotic lager for judging in July. While the space gets more and more crowded with contests and initiatives around the July 1 celebrations, Rotman’s Soberman says it’s important for brands to not get carried away or overreach. “The challenge as a marketer is to not always hit a home run, but to avoid doing bad marketing,” he says. The 150 wheelhouse In addition to the CSR-driven campaigns giving out $150 or recognizing 150 people, some brands have cleverly used the number to highlight their purpose. ParticipAction and Zulu Alpha Kilo created the 150 Play List, an online encyclopedia of Canadian physical activity, from raking leaves to scavenger hunts to Snowsnake, a javelin-like toss practised in indigenous communities. The site contains origin stories, how-to-guides and locations for the activities. The Toronto International Film Festival developed “Canada on Screen” to showcase the country’s “150 essential moving-image productions.” It promoted the initiative through its internal agency, Department 30, and Isobar with the “We Made It” campaign, which used geo-fencing for hyper-local creative (Toronto’s Degrassi Street, for example). April Fool’s Day winners The ad world’s day for mock campaigns proved useful for 150 campaigns. WestJet, refusing to cede the patriotic ground to rival Air Canada, rebranded as “Canada Air” in an online video developed in-house with campaign help from Publicis. The brand used humour to make the point that its values are sufficiently Canadian. Labatt, meanwhile, stumbled into marketing gold when Prime Minister Justin Trudeau tweeted that the beer company had rebranded his “favourite beer” as Labatt 150, making it “three times as patriotic” (he even included a photoshopped bottle). It turns out the brand was already on it. It responded by prematurely announcing its Labatt 150 launch in May, including an improvised beer can image. Tags: Canada 150, Labatt 50, Molson Canadian, ParticipAction, RBC, roots, TD, tiff, westjet Related Articles What’s next for Second Cup? The rooster reaches from bottom shelf to eye level Tim Hortons bucks the brand value trend The benefits of masterbranding Brand Doctors: Beyond Samsung’s tricky launch Popular Recent Featured Winners from the 2017 National Advertising Challenge Is your loyalty program satisfying your customers? Steam Whistle joins the HBC Collection Hill+Knowlton Strategies gets experiential in Canada The Go To goes live in Toronto Careers » Screening Room » Check it out: Penningtons’ powerful song A new PSA in the war on dementia Lululemon shifts its perspective for first global campaign Why BMW is keeping quiet Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook ﻿ About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2017 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News Chief: Cary officer shot, killed burglary suspect in self-defense Lifestyles 6 facts about Memorial Day and how to celebrate it Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Late day rain will spare most outdoor Memorial Day plans Sponsor Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow DUALDoppler5000 WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw WRALSportsFan Tiger Woods blames medications for his arrest on DUI charge Colleges UNC earns No. 2 seed; NC State travels to Kentucky in NCAA Tourney Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business BA travel problems enter 3rd day as most services resume Business $100 carbon tax by 2030 could save climate, say economists Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Budget caution to the wind Editorial: Disguising voter suppression behind mask of voter ID Editorial: High court's firm ruling paves way for nonpartisan redistricting Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Business Get ready for busy travel season; airlines could set record SmartShopper Free Memorial Day offers for Military 2017 Business As Americans take on more debt, some pockets of concern 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Lifestyles To many Americans, Memorial Day has lost its meaning Family 10 formulas to improve your communication with your children Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About 25 Triangle events to check out this week Out and About Boylan Bridge Brewpub reopens today Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Complete Coverage See the latest › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Education Mom considers lawsuit over insulting yearbook quote Travel Coffee shop gives veterans a place to call home Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News 8:30a House committee debates taxes, budget 11a House leadership discusses tax cut plan Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › 68° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 68° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Published: 2017-05-29 11:14:00 Updated: 2017-05-29 11:14:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 5 pm Monday Tags: Freebies Posted 11:14 a.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18CNK Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today from 11 am to 5 pm for 3 SB points! The code is: MemorialDay17 Enter the code in the Swag Code box at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Swagbucks Swag Code until 5 pm Monday 1 Swagbucks.com website Stealth Swag Code Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Weather Second storm in 1 week causes damage in Sampson County Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Balloons soar in competition at Fuquay-Varina festival Weather At least 12 injured in Sampson County storm National News Ultimate sacrifice: Teen dies shielding cousin from gunfire Local News Henderson plant destroyed second time by fire Education Mom considers lawsuit over insulting yearbook quote Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Weather Emergency vehicles try to get through blocked roads Weather Second storm in 1 week causes damage in Sampson County Out and About 25 Triangle events to check out this week Out and About After year of repairs, Boylan Bridge Brewpub reopens Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow Local News Vietnam Traveling Memorial Wall comes to Morehead City Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: I don't get it Interactive Radar iControl Interactive Doppler Radar Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Local News Chief: Cary officer shot, killed burglary suspect in self-defense Local News Henderson plant destroyed second time by fire Entertainment Robert De Niro: Once inspiring, US now tragic dumb comedy Political News Trump honors fallen and families in Memorial Day address National News Old South monument backers embrace "Confederate Catechism" SmartShopper Weekly meal plans and Monday menus SmartShopper ALDI closing early on Monday SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend SmartShopper New Kroger Instant Win Game: Over 75,000 winners! SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Weather Second storm in 1 week causes damage in Sampson County Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Balloons soar in competition at Fuquay-Varina festival Weather At least 12 injured in Sampson County storm National News Ultimate sacrifice: Teen dies shielding cousin from gunfire Local News Henderson plant destroyed second time by fire Education Mom considers lawsuit over insulting yearbook quote Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Weather Emergency vehicles try to get through blocked roads Weather Second storm in 1 week causes damage in Sampson County Out and About 25 Triangle events to check out this week Out and About After year of repairs, Boylan Bridge Brewpub reopens Weather Science in the sky: Anatomy of a rainbow Local News Vietnam Traveling Memorial Wall comes to Morehead City Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: I don't get it Interactive Radar iControl Interactive Doppler Radar Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Local News Chief: Cary officer shot, killed burglary suspect in self-defense Local News Henderson plant destroyed second time by fire Entertainment Robert De Niro: Once inspiring, US now tragic dumb comedy Political News Trump honors fallen and families in Memorial Day address National News Old South monument backers embrace "Confederate Catechism" SmartShopper Weekly meal plans and Monday menus SmartShopper ALDI closing early on Monday SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend SmartShopper New Kroger Instant Win Game: Over 75,000 winners! SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › opinion home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Whole Foods Opinion Whole Foods represents the failures of 'conscious capitalism' Nicole Aschoff There’s no way to ‘fix’ corporations’ compulsion to produce ever more, ever more cheaply. It’s written into the DNA of global capitalism People exit a Whole Foods Market in New York. Photograph: Shannon Stapleton/Reuters Whole Foods Opinion Whole Foods represents the failures of 'conscious capitalism' Nicole Aschoff There’s no way to ‘fix’ corporations’ compulsion to produce ever more, ever more cheaply. It’s written into the DNA of global capitalism Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Contact author @NicoleAschoff Monday 29 May 2017 09.46 EDT Last modified on Monday 29 May 2017 14.09 EDT It’s hard to think of a better poster child for “conscious capitalism” than Whole Foods Market, the high-end grocery store that made a name for itself selling organic produce in feel-good, mood-lit stores. These days, the chain is floundering and a potential buyout is on the horizon. What does that say about the conscious capitalism it championed? Same-store sales have declined for six straight quarters, and Barclay analyst Karen Short estimates that 14 million Whole Foods customers walked away during the same period. Last month activist hedge fund Jana Partners swooped in, buying up 8.3% of the company’s shares and demanding an overhaul. Whole Foods responded by reshuffling its board, bringing in a handful of big box retail stars and promoting Gabrielle Sulzberger, who hails from private equity, to chairwoman. A failing firm isn’t exactly news. In the dog-eat-dog world of global capitalism lots of companies have their moment in the sun only to crash and burn a few years later. But Whole Foods was supposed to be different. John Mackey, the company’s chief executive, has long argued that Whole Foods is wired differently — that it runs on a “conscious capitalism” model that outsmarts the competitive pressures of our for-profit system through creativity and innovation. In Liberating the Heroic Spirit of Business: Conscious Capitalism, Mackey argues that his conscious capitalism model achieves success by honoring not just shareholders, but all stakeholders, including workers, communities, and the environment. The Whole Foods founder penned his treatise in response to the growing consensus that capitalism is doing irreparable harm to the planet and the people who live on it. Our for-profit system is increasingly viewed as a zero sum game in which ecological destruction, climate change, and rising inequality are firmly linked to the rapacious behavior of multi-national corporations. Mackey agrees that humans are harming the planet, but he doesn’t think the problem lies in capitalism. Free market capitalism, according to Mackey, is actually a “beautiful,” “heroic,” system that, properly harnessed, can operate “in harmony with the fundamentals of human nature” and the planet. We don’t need to rein in corporations through onerous labor and environmental regulations, he writes, because the virtuous feedback loop of honoring stakeholders plus innovation will leave “unconscious” firms like Walmart in the dust. The conscious capitalism model is appealing. It’s simple, easy. We can avert looming environmental catastrophe by becoming conscious consumers who frequent conscious companies. After all, shopping at Whole Foods is a heck of a lot more fun than lobbying for regulations on corporations or convincing people to consume less. More Whole Foods, less Walmart. Problem solved. Mackey was right about one thing. People do love to shop at Whole Foods, or at least they used to. These days that demon called competition has caught up with the Austin-based company. Behemoths like Kroger, Safeway, Target, and even Walmart now offer a wide-range of organic produce for considerably less than “Whole Paycheck.” Mackey’s conscious company has gone from Wall Street darling to Wall Street basket case in the blink of an eye. The future of conscious capitalism appears equally bleak. To placate shareholders and mitigate declining same-store sales, last year the company jettisoned its unique purchasing model that wove together a network of autonomous regional production hubs of small farmers and mom-and-pop food startups. It’s now prioritizing a centralized, bulk-buying strategy that looks a lot like, well, Walmart. It also initiated a $1.25bn share buyback program and has promised to cut costs by $300 million and raise same-store sales 2% by 2020. But according to its 13D filing, Jana Partners — whose founder and fund manager Barry Rosenstein recently bought the most expensive home in America — wants even more. Like Whole Foods, Jana is experiencing a slump, suffering negative returns in 12 of the last 19 months; it’s expecting to cash in on its investment in the organics chain. A potential forced sale, most likely to private equity investors known for slash and burn tactics, remains on the near-term horizon. The point of this dour appraisal is not to crow over Whole Foods’s misfortune. It’s to take a hard look at models that claim to solve the ills of capitalism without challenging the in-built drives of our for-profit system. Mackey has loudly declared unions akin to herpes and state regulation little more than “crony capitalism” — that all we need to solve things like the climate crisis are better, smarter, “conscious” capitalists. The crisis of Whole Foods belies this notion. There’s no way to “fix” corporations’ compulsion to produce ever more, ever more cheaply. It’s written into the DNA of global capitalism. Attractive as the conscious capitalism model may be, we simply can’t rely on companies to deliver dignified workplaces, equitable models of food production or a better relationship between consumers and the planet. All stakeholders are not equal in our global economy, and even the best-intentioned businesses run up against the implacable foes of profit and competition. Ultimately, the thorny problem of sustaining both decent livelihoods and a livable planet won’t be solved by buying better things. It’ll be solved through political struggle and demands that put people before profit. Topics Whole Foods Opinion Retail industry comment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Opinion › Whole Foods back to top the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos more become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart to webcast Annual Meeting of Shareholders and its question and answer session with the investment community BENTONVILLE, Ark., May 26, 2017 — Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) will host its Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Friday, June 2, as well as its question and answer session with the investment community. A live webcast of both sessions will be available at stock.walmart.com. The shareholders meeting will begin at 8 a.m. CDT and will conclude at approximately 11 a.m. CDT. The question and answer session with the investment community, led by Walmart President and CEO Doug McMillon, will begin at approximately 12:15 p.m. CDT. To access the live webcast of the session directly, click here. A transcript will also be available on Friday, June 2 on the company’s website. Additionally, shareholders can stay informed by following @WalmartNewsroom on Twitter and can join the conversation by using #WalmartShares. About Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Epidural Anesthesia Disposable Devices Market Projected To Grow At a Steady CAGR During Forecast Period Next PostNext Two day Project Management for Non-Project Managers Seminar (Linthicum, MD, United States – September 21-22, 2017) – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts BP Cuff Market Analysis 2017-2022 Growth Opportunities, Trends, Forecast to 2017 Technavio Reveals Cost Saving Opportunities for the Opinion Polling Services Maca Extract Market Analysis, Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2022 CAT Scanner Market Growth Forecast Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application to 2021 Glucometer Market Growth, Trends, Shares, Forecast, Analysis and Opportunities 2017-2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
make-use-of-logo logo-background menu search search-start close email bookmark facebook google twitter pinterest stumbleupon whatsapp amazon youtube youtube label-rectangle triangle-long down PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Search for: Search Popular Topics The Internet Windows iPhone and iPad Android Mac Gaming MakeUseOf Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything James Bruce Prevent WannaCry Malware Variants by Disabling This Windows 10 Setting Security Windows Prevent WannaCry Malware Variants by Disabling This Windows 10 Setting Ben Stegner Top Deals Search Open Menu Close Menu PC & Mobile Windows Mac Linux Android iPhone and iPad Internet Security Programming Lifestyle Technology News Entertainment Productivity Creative Gaming Social Media Self Improvement Hardware Technology Explained Buying Guides Smart Home DIY Product Reviews Deals Giveaways Top Lists About About MakeUseOf Newsletter Advertise Privacy Jobs Chats Facebook Facebook Facebook Facebook Search for: 16 Android Apps for Saving Money on (Almost) Everything Android 16 Android Apps for Saving Money on (Almost) Everything Dan Price May 29, 2017 29-05-2017 7 minutes 16 Android Apps for Saving Money on (Almost) Everything Facebook Twitter Pinterest Stumbleupon Whatsapp Email Very few of us save enough money. According to research by the Economic Policy Institute, almost half of American families have no long-term savings, and the national median is just $5,000. Given experts agree you should be saving at least 20 percent of your household income Save Money and Set Budgets With 5 Apps, Sites, and Free Ebooks Save Money and Set Budgets With 5 Apps, Sites, and Free Ebooks The ability to manage you finances and save money is a crucial life skill. Have you mastered it yet? Follow the right guidance and take the help of these apps. Read More every month, most of us clearly have a long way to go. Of course, saving isn’t easy. The burden of mortgages, student loans, and credit cards can quickly eat into your salary. It seems like we could all do with a little assistance. And that’s where your smartphone comes in. There are lots of apps that can help you shave a few dollars off all your expenses. Before you know it, you’ll have reached that magical 20 percent. Here are 16 Android apps that you help you save money on (almost) everything. Groceries and Shopping After you’ve paid bills and other fixed costs, grocery shopping is the next largest expense for most people. Download these apps and slash your supermarket bill. 1. SavingStar With offers often worth $5 or more, SavingStar is one of the best grocery coupon apps Forget Extreme Couponing! How to Save With Minimal Effort Forget Extreme Couponing! How to Save With Minimal Effort Extreme couponing is crazy, but you don't have to make a full-time job out of clipping coupons to save big. Here are practical tips on how to make saving with coupons easy. Read More in the Play Store. You don’t need to print anything — all the deals are offered and selected via your smartphone. Your account is linked to your loyalty cards at various stores. Big names such as Walmart, Target, Safeway, Albertsons, Kroger, Stop & Shop, and CVS are all part of the scheme. Download — SavingStar (Free) 2. Flipp It might be hard to believe, but some businesses still place ads in newspapers and local circulars. Frequently, you won’t find those ads online. Flipp grabs print media ads and flyers from more than 800 retailers, including Walmart, Walgreens, Home Depot, Macy’s, JCPenney, Best Buy, and Lowe’s. It’ll match your physical location to local deals in your area, so if you see a deal you like, just clip it to the app’s shopping list. Download — Flipp (Free) 3. Paribus How many times have you seen a store offer a “money back guarantee” if you can find the same product for a lower price elsewhere? And how many times have you bothered (or remembered) to check other stores? Paribus solves the problem by tracking your online purchases from major retailers. If the price drops in another shop, the app gets the refund for you (though it does keep 25 percent of the rebate for its trouble). Download — Paribus (Free) 4. GoodRX GoodRX lets you save money on your prescriptions and medication. The developers claim it can save you hundreds of dollars a month, even if you have insurance. It scans thousands of pharmacies to find the lowest prices, it searches for any available coupons, and it lets you know when there are sales on your specific medicines. Download — GoodRX (Free) Moving to a New Home Moving is one of the most stressful things you can do in your life. If you use these two apps, you’ll ease some of that stress. 5. Zillow Real Estate Zillow boasts values for more than 100 million homes around the United States, thus giving you an unrivaled insight into whether your next property offers value for money or is overpriced. It also lists the nearby schools and other amenities and provides links to local mortgage lenders and realtors. Download — Zillow Real Estate (Free) 6. Dwellr If you want to save money when you move, one of the biggest factors to consider is the cost of living in your new neighborhood How to Compare Cost of Living Between Two Cities How to Compare Cost of Living Between Two Cities Cost of living is a huge factor to consider before you move from one city to another. This tool makes it very easy to compare where you are with where you want to go. Read More . Cost of living goes beyond utility bills and grocery shopping. How much do schools cost? How far will your commute be? Is there a good public transportation system? Which internet service providers are available? Dwellr, an official app from the U.S. Census Bureau, collates 40 data points on every town in the country. You can even answer a quick survey, and it’ll recommend the best location for you to live. Download — Dwellr (Free) Financial Planning It’s no good saving a few dollars on your shopping if you’re not putting your savings to good use. Get your money working for you with these two apps. 7. Debt Payoff Planner Paying off your debts How to Visualize Your Debt & Stay Motivated While Paying It Off How to Visualize Your Debt & Stay Motivated While Paying It Off It's tough to stay motivated to keep paying off your debt, but visualizing it can make the process easier. Read More is the fastest way to save money. It’s so important that many “celebrity” financial planners say it’s the first thing you should do after saving a $1,000 emergency fund. To get rid of your debts you need two things: a well-planned strategy 3 Reasons Why the Debt Snowball Beats the Debt Avalanche 3 Reasons Why the Debt Snowball Beats the Debt Avalanche The debt snowball and debt avalanche are both great ways to pay off debt, but these three reasons will show you that the snowball is usually a better choice. Read More , and a way to monitor your progress. Download Debt Payoff Planner to track your debt reduction accomplishments. The app supports several proven strategies and gives you all the charts, projections, and graphs you could want. Download — Debt Payoff Planner (Free) 8. Goodbudget There are lots of budgeting apps in the store 5 Budget Apps You Should Use If You Really Want to Save Money 5 Budget Apps You Should Use If You Really Want to Save Money Here are the most effective budget apps currently available. Pick the one you like best. Read More , but my favorite is Goodbudget. It uses an “envelope” approach: just allocate how much money you want to spend on each category and stick to it. Log everything for few months, and you’ll quickly discover some areas where you can cut back. Download — Goodbudget (Free) Travel There’s nothing more satisfying for the soul than traveling the world 11 Android Apps You Need for Traveling the World 11 Android Apps You Need for Traveling the World If you're going to be travelling anytime soon, you need these apps. Read More , meeting new people, and experiencing different cultures. You’ll get all the fun without spending a fortune if you download these apps. 9. Rome2Rio Stepping out of the airport in a foreign land can be a daunting prospect. Taxi drivers want to rip you off, the train timetable is three years out of date, and rental car providers want to flog you a vastly overpriced insurance scheme. How do you know which is the cheapest and fastest way of getting from A to B? Simple. Download Rome2Rio. It’s a global transport planner than covers flights, trains, buses, ferries, and rental cars. Enter your destination, and you’ll get estimated travel times and fares for all possible routes. Download — Rome2Rio (Free) 10. HERE WeGo Slash roaming fees with HERE WeGo. It offers offline maps and GPS tracking The Top 4 Free Offline GPS Apps for Android The Top 4 Free Offline GPS Apps for Android No data connection? Don't worry! With these apps, you can continue to navigate without an issue. Read More , and also includes transport ticket prices and car-sharing information. It’s a must-have alternative to Google Maps Waze vs. Google Maps: Which App Will Navigate Home Faster Waze vs. Google Maps: Which App Will Navigate Home Faster Waze and Google Maps are both solid navigation apps, but which one is the best? Read More . Download — HERE WeGo (Free) 11. GasBuddy If you’d prefer a “staycation,” download GasBuddy. It’ll help you find the lowest gas prices in your local vicinity, which is especially useful if you’ve hired a car on the other side of the country. It’s even worth downloading if you live in a large metropolitan area and have a lot of gas stations to choose from. With the increasing fluctuations in global oil prices, it’s impossible to keep track of the deals without some help. Download — GasBuddy (Free) 12. Best Parking Finding cheap parking is a nightmare in larger cities. Costs are becoming astronomical; it’s often cheaper to take an Uber. Best Parking covers 105 cities and 115 airports in the United States and lists a price for each of them. You’ll never be ripped off again. Download — Best Parking (Free) For Students It’s tough being a student. All you want to do is spend money on parties and go on holiday 6 Deals That'll Make Your Next Vacation Amazing 6 Deals That'll Make Your Next Vacation Amazing Today we're going to look at six deals that'll take a trip from average to incredible. There's a discoutned DSLR camera, phone chargers, battery backups, Bluetooth speakers, eBooks, and much more! Read More , but your bank balance won’t allow it. Check out these two apps; they might help you live a little more. 13. Campus Special Parties and vacations are great, but let’s set our sights a little lower. Campus Special helping you save money on your daily food bill. It’s a coupon app Top 10 Sites for Online Coupons & Promotional Codes Top 10 Sites for Online Coupons & Promotional Codes It can be difficult to find the coupon codes you want when you need them most. Here are some quality websites dedicated to finding discounts and collecting coupons. Read More that focuses on offering you deals from restaurants and fast food places close to your campus. As you use the app, you can accumulate points, which you can then trade in for even bigger discounts. Download — Campus Special (Free) 14. NUS Extra This is one for our British readers. NUS Extra is the official app from the National Union of Students. It offers students in the UK savings on everything from the cinema to Spotify. You just need your student number to register and start saving. Download — NUS Extra (Free) Entertainment Life wouldn’t be any fun if you didn’t let your hair down occasionally. But you can be saving even when you’re out enjoying yourself. 15. Dice If live music is your thing Watch Recorded Live Shows From Metallica, James Brown & More with Music Vault Watch Recorded Live Shows From Metallica, James Brown & More with Music Vault Do you remember your first live gig? Wouldn't it be cool if you found footage of the occasion on the Internet? Music Vault might just have it. Read More , install Dice. Clubs, gigs, and festivals are all covered — you just buy your ticket via the app and show up at the door with your smartphone. So how does it help you save money? No booking fees. Download — Dice (Free) 16. Out to Eat With Kids If you’ve got a young family, it can be challenging to find a good spot to eat. As an adult, you want good food and cheap prices; your kids probably only care about whether their nuggets come with fries and if there’s a playground available. Out To Eat With Kids supplies menus and prices for children’s meals at thousands of eateries. You can filter by location and daily specials, and even slowly build a database of your favorite locations so that you never miss a deal. Download — Out to Eat With Kids (Free) Which Apps Do You Use? I’ve shown you 16 awesome apps to help you save money on almost anything. If you download and use all of them, you’ll be able to drastically cut back on your monthly expenses. I’d love to know what you would add to this list. Which apps are indispensable for someone who needs to slash their spending? As always, you can leave all your tips, recommendations, and opinions in the comments below. Image Credit: imnoom via Shutterstock.com Previous PostHow to Get Incoming Call Alerts on Windows 10 With AndroidNext PostYou Can Now Play Crazy Taxi Free on Your Smartphone 0 comments Write a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Dan Price 413 articles Dan is a British expat living in Mexico. He is currently the Creative Editor for MakeUseOf and was formerly the Finance Editor. Prior to his writing career he was a Financial Consultant. He holds various certifications from the University of Leeds, the University of Cambridge, and the Chartered Insurance Institute.… Advertisement Latest Giveaways BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? BeatsX Review & Giveaway: Apple’s Best Earphones Yet? The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) The Greatest Smartphone You Shouldn’t Buy: Samsung Galaxy S8 Review (and Giveaway!) Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Teclast X5 Pro Review and Giveaway Advertisement Trending The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Entertainment The A-Z of Kodi: Everything You Need to Know Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything DIY Why You Should Stop Using a Raspberry Pi for Everything 10 Third-Party Apps All SmartThings Owners Should Be Using Smart Home 10 Third-Party Apps All SmartThings Owners Should Be Using Advertisement Related Articles 10+ Places to Get Cool Media Clips for PowerPoint Presentations Productivity Internet 10+ Places to Get Cool Media Clips for PowerPoint Presentations This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Internet Security This Is Why You Should Stop Using Google Search Create a Virtual Machine Clone of Your Existing Windows Hard Drive Windows Create a Virtual Machine Clone of Your Existing Windows Hard Drive Advertisement Affiliate Disclosure: By buying the products we recommend, you help keep the lights on at MakeUseOf. Read more. Subscribe to Our Newsletter Email: Advertisement Scroll down for the next article © 2017 MakeUseOf. All Rights Reserved.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Memorial Day 2017: Are Walmart, Target, grocery stores open? Holiday hours Updated on May 29, 2017 at 8:37 AM Posted on May 29, 2017 at 1:02 AM Target and Walmart are open regular hours on Memorial Day. By Leada Gore lgore@al.com While Memorial Day is a time set aside to honor those who lost their lives in service to their country, the day also marks the traditional start of summer. And while banks, government offices and many businesses are closed, most major retailers remain open on Monday, May 29. Walmart, the nation's largest retailer, is open regular hours on Memorial Day. Stores hours will vary from location to location, so check with your local store for specifics but for many, it means a 2 a.m. trip to Walmart is still possible as most stores are open 24 hours. Target stores are also open on Memorial Day. Check with your favorite location for specific store hours. Home improvement stores such as Home Depot and Lowe's are open on Memorial Day. Most grocery stores are open for those last-minute items. Sam's Club are open from 7 a.m.-6 p.m. ; Costco, however, is closed on Memorial Day. Most restaurants are open on Memorial Day, as are the majority of pharmacies and drug stores. It will be business as usual for online retailers though there may be some shipping delays since the U.S. Postal Service, FedEx and UPS are closed on Monday. Banks, as well as U.S. financial markets, are closed today. Many stores have special sales on Memorial Day. You can see more about those here. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate 66° Full Menu 66° Customer Service Newsletters Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Fowler Tom Sorensen All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine Salvation Army officials are now scrambling for a temporary replacement site this Christmas, while a more permanent location is found for 2018. Time is short, too. Major Larry Broome, head of Charlotte’s Salvation Army, says his agency would like to confirm a site this summer, because the process of ordering and storing toys begins months in advance. Registration follows in October, and not long after that, a crew will begin building thousands of bicycles. Diedra Laird dlaird@charlotteobserver.com Salvation Army officials are now scrambling for a temporary replacement site this Christmas, while a more permanent location is found for 2018. Time is short, too. Major Larry Broome, head of Charlotte’s Salvation Army, says his agency would like to confirm a site this summer, because the process of ordering and storing toys begins months in advance. Registration follows in October, and not long after that, a crew will begin building thousands of bicycles. Diedra Laird dlaird@charlotteobserver.com Latest News May 29, 2017 3:57 PM NC’s biggest charity Christmas program is homeless, due to land sale By Mark Price msprice@charlotteobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story One of the largest charity Christmas programs in the Southeast is in jeopardy after losing its home due to Charlotte’s booming real estate market. The Salvation Army has operated its Christmas Center for more than a decade out of a vacant department store owned by Victory Christian Center, which offered the space for free. But not any more. The former Walmart has been sold by its owner, Victory Christian Center, leaving no room for the massive toy distribution program that has served as a model for other charities around the country. Salvation Army officials are now scrambling for a temporary replacement site this Christmas, while a more permanent location is found for 2018. Time is short, too. Major Larry Broome, head of Charlotte’s Salvation Army, says his agency would like to confirm a site this summer, because the process of ordering and storing toys begins months in advance. Registration follows in October, and not long after that, a crew will begin building thousands of bicycles. The building is also home to the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department’s Christmas program, which is hoping to again share whatever site the Salvation Army finds. “My fear is that whatever we find might be smaller, which would mean less people would be helped,” says Broome. “This is a massive program and the space you need for it is not readily available.” There will be a Christmas program no matter what, The Salvation Army promises. But Broome does not have many answers beyond that. Last year, his agency distributed bags of toys to 10,455 children, as well as gifts for low-income seniors. It is considered a national model both for its size and for the fact that it uses volunteer labor and donated toys to keep costs to a minimum. The Charlotte Mecklenburg Police Department’s Christmas program, done in partnership with Explorer Scouts, provided gifts for another 1,700 children out of the building last year. Officer Ryan Botzenmayer of the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department says the CMPD Explorers Christmas Project found stability when it partnered with the Salvation Army four years ago, not to mention a reduction in operations costs. “Yes, I’m concerned,” Botzenmayer said. “We’re into May and have no place. There is a lot that goes into these programs and we’re nearly six months into the year...This program affects a lot of people. It would be heartbreaking to lose it.” Salvation Army officials give Victory Christian Center credit for the program’s success in recent years, because it lent the space at no charge. It’s estimated that amounted to $1 million donated to the program in the past decade, Broome said. The building, located near Arrowood and South Boulevard, has reportedly been on the market for a few years. That the property finally sold shows how robust Charlotte’s real estate market is becoming, particularly along the Lynx Light Rail. The tracks are just across the street from the building. A new use for the site has not been disclosed, but it is believed to be destined for offices. Among those advising the Salvation Army are experts in Charlotte’s real estate market. The need, they say, is a site akin to a warehouse, former school or vacant store. It must be 75,000 to 100,000-square-feet, with plenty of parking, public restrooms and access to public transportation. The agency needs it for at least four months. The Salvation Army would prefer to have the space donated. Otherwise, Broome believes the agency will have to raise donated money to pay the rent. Bank of America executive Bill Lorenz is among those in the community helping the Salvation Army in its search. “For me, this is about the magic of Christmas and making sure that over 6,000 families have a chance to celebrate the holidays in a way they could not do themselves,” said Lorenz, who is on the Salvation Army’s advisory board. “I’m hoping someone in the community will step up and help the same way Victory Christian has for a number of years. The one thing we don’t want is to be put in a position of having to downsize the program, and not serve as many families. That is a possibility and it’s a tough spot to be in.” Mark Price: 704-358-5245, @markprice_obs How to help To reach Major Larry Broome with suggestions or offers of help, call 704-334-4731 or email salvationarmycharlotte@uss.salvationarmy.org. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Fred Whitfield talks about the importance of the Summer Camp Fund 0:31 4 days ago Fred Whitfield talks about the importance of the Summer Camp Fund 0:34 4 days ago Panthers coach Ron Rivera: Criticism of Kelvin Benjamin's conditioning unfair 1:16 4 days ago Summer Hunger Campaign feeds kids at risk View More Video Latest News $1 million for one punch that killed Rock Hill man? No. Family asks for $5 million One person killed, another injured in Charlotte’s second Memorial Day shooting 5-year-old drowns at Statesville apartment complex pool Kyle Busch, after finishing 2nd in 600, provides drop the mic moment in media center Trial near for sect members accused of beating away demons Latest News Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 Portland mayor pushes to cancel rally Local nonprofits, social services react to proposed federal budget Fort displays replicas recalling Civil War-era bivouacs Vancouver woman injured in crash sues strip club for $15 million Work credit, sheriff’s office on Clark County council agenda Hundreds honor fallen at Memorial Day ceremony at Fort Vancouver   Mother to Max stabbing victims: ‘You will always be our hero’ Memories of war still vivid Millions of young Americans in uniform 75 years ago would learn about the toll of war in Europe, Asia, Africa… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Community pours out to remember Columbia River’s Hunter Pearson Gaviglio gets first win as Mariners beat Rockies Oregon State No. 1 national seed for NCAA baseball tournament Award-winning sports writer Frank Deford dies at 78 Tiger Woods blames medications for his arrest on DUI charge Bonneville Dam fish count 5/29 Fans can vote for All-Region softball Vikings, Huskies win national row titles Racing’s biggest day closes with another surprise Mariners find some runs to beat Red Sox Fans can vote for All-Region softball Voting open through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories As Melania Trump puts focus on high-end luxury, market grows Summer travel season could break records Where are the retail jobs going? Oregon onion industry braces for rough season Heavy snow, cold means diseases for wheat growers Harney: Could condo financing return? World turning its back on all things sugary Bend is booming like it’s the 90s Working in Clark County: Dave Caldwell, sport psychology consultant and track coach Data, doubt figure in for Fed forecast Working in Clark County: Dave Caldwell, sport psychology consultant and track coach Dave Caldwell teaches not only the mechanics of running, but also offers the necessary “whole body and mind” training needed… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories South Africa’s ‘lion whisperer’ gets up close with big cats Singer John Legend donates $5K to help cover Seattle’s school-lunch debt Keep windows safe to protect kids With arched brow, Moore found humor’s bond Bird-riding loses its luster in S. Africa’s ostrich capital Check it out: Learn how to make your garden grow ‘SNL’ trumps expectations, critic in chief New theme park fun opening around U.S. Young unknowns steal show at Cannes Cedar Creek Grist Mill kicks off season with event, treats South Africa’s ‘lion whisperer’ gets up close with big cats DINOKENG GAME RESERVE, South Africa — The male lion brushes through the tall grass and strides into a clearing in… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: The Sacrifice of the Fallen Pitts: Right-wing intolerance for inconvenient facts, questions growing Letter: Teach about black history Letter: Health care must focus on people In Our View: Dereliction of Duty Jayne: Leadership, knowledge crucial in replacing I-5 Bridge Senator strives to make youth work for success Harrop: Three things campus liberals should do with right-wing speakers Ambrose: The storm of leaks McManus: Integrate – not isolate – Muslims Editorial Cartoons, May 28-June 3 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Get in the know with ‘Clark Asks’ Everybody has a story: Volunteering at Elephant Nature Park in Thailand brings joy, peace Milestone 100th Birthday Long sprint to add sidewalks on Northeast 68th Street You Can Help Applause Spotlight on Youth Ridgefield names monthly employee, student honors In the Service Herrera Beutler names winners for art show Everybody has a story: Volunteering at Elephant Nature Park in Thailand brings joy, peace As Angelica Valencia and I walked into the Elephant Nature Park in Chiang Mai, Thailand, to volunteer, I could not… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Where are the retail jobs going? Online shopping an echo of the era of sales via catalogs The Bebe chain of women’s clothing stores is among the latest victims of changing buyer habits. Dreamstime By Suzette Parmley, The Philadelphia Inquirer Published: May 29, 2017, 4:43 PM A   A PHILADELPHIA — In late April, struggling women’s apparel chain Bebe said it was closing all 180 stores — the latest casualty amid a steady stream of defaults, bankruptcies and closures over the last year. While experts say more closures are coming, something else is occurring: The losses of traditional retail jobs are being absorbed by the likes of Amazon, with its new fulfillment centers and warehouses. But shopping is taking a new form, experts say, thanks to the internet. Michael Niemira, principal of the Retail Economist LLC, likened online shopping to the catalog sales of the early 20th century that supplied goods to consumers in areas where stores did not exist. “Today, some communities are losing stores that are not profitable, and the online distribution is filling the gap as catalog sales once did,” he said. The survivors will “stay alert to demographic and shopping trends” with fewer stores. It’s why Target Corp. is going with smaller format stores while investing $7 billion in new IT over the next three years. And it’s why megastore Wal-Mart went on a shopping spree, starting last year, to buy online firms, such as jet.com, to offset its weaknesses. Its latest target, reports suggest, is online men’s fashion retailer Bonobos. Digitally native brands, such as Away, Bonobos and Warby Parker, are creating a new kind of retail store, suggested David Bell, a marketing professor at the Wharton School. It’s a “zero inventory, high-experience store” in which customers enter an amazing space, get a brand experience and buy items that are shipped to them. Information gathering and fulfillment used to occur under one roof, creating the need for large stores to hold all that inventory, Bell said. But that model is fading. “Retail of the future will look more like a Tesla showroom than an old-school dealer lot, with 1,000 cars — except the one that you want — sitting out in the rain,” Bell said. The Philadelphia region’s powerhouse King of Prussia Mall is expected to fare much better in the new world than its competitors on the lower end. Still, David Simon, CEO of the mall’s owner, Simon Property Group, stressed the need for change. “I’m hopeful that retailers will focus on improving their in-store experience, and that could be a lot of different ways,” Simon told analysts earlier this year. “That could be through technology, that could be through a better look and feel.” Richard Hayne, CEO of Urban Outfitters Inc., said the U.S. overbuilt retail space in much the way it did in housing. Retail added too much space in the 1990s and early 2000s, creating “a bubble, and like housing, that bubble has now burst,” he said in a March 2017 earnings call. “We are seeing the results; doors are shuttering and rents retreating.” Retail bankruptcies over the last 12 months are near recession levels, said RBC Capital Markets retail analyst Brian Tunick. These include BCBG, Payless, PacSun and department store closures (45 Macy’s, 140 JC Penneys and 150 Kmart/Sears stores in fiscal 2017). Yet there are hopeful pockets. Growing are value-oriented chains such as Dollar Tree, Dollar General, Ross, and TJX, owner of TJ Maxx and Marshalls, as well as beauty retailer Ulta. Non-store retailers, such as Amazon, run establishments classified as distribution centers, and can augment their workforce with employees from temporary help agencies. Amid the retail carnage, trendy eyewear company Warby Parker, which began online, has been adding stores aggressively. It now has 50 stores. The company said it will open 25 stores this year. Mark Petrie, 50, of Lake George, N.Y., is a longtime Warby customer who knew what he wanted when he stepped into the downtown Philadelphia store on a recent Thursday: big, chunky glasses with black frames. He said he had “been online a million times but it’s hard to try glasses on online.” “That’s why having this store is so great,” said Petrie, a real estate agent. “We don’t have one in Lake George.” “I like instant, total gratification,” he said. And he got it. A pair of $95 Nash glasses with dark, tortoiseshell frames. Then there’s Rosemarie Monzo Mazzeo, a 46-year-old physician. She has bought more items online with Lilly Pulitzer over the last five years, especially on clothes she thinks will sell out. For other stuff, she visits the retailer at King of Prussia Mall. The high-end women’s clothier is adding four to six stores a year and is investing heavily on its website. Fourth quarter sales — which included a significant increase in online sales — went up 26 percent in fiscal year 2016 over the previous year. “It’s like being in an adult candy store with all the beautiful colors and textures,” Mazzeo said of each visit. “It’s a fun experience and it’s become a bonding experience between me and my daughter.” Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
VFW Raises Money for Veterans - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 Opioids, Overdoses and Options News Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports High School Basketball Scores Inside Track WV Illustrated Video Community The Wedding Zone 2017 Community Calendar Fill Your Plate in the Mountain State Hooked on Science What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away Salute My Dad Contest 2017 Youth Tennis Clinic Giveaway 2017 About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 VFW Raises Money for Veterans Posted: Monday, May 29, 2017 7:29 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 7:29 PM EDT By Shannon Clowe, Reporter/Weekend Anchor Email Connect sclowe@wvnstv.com MACARTHUR - Members with the Veterans of Foreign Wars showed their support for those who have served our country this Memorial Day. All day today VFW members were at the Walmart in MacArthur handing out Poppys. The poppy's were free, but the organization was accepting donations. Their goal this year is to raise $1,800. The VFW puts all of the money raised straight toward helping veterans. "It's very important because this is actually our life blood, by doing this poppy drive is the life blood. It's also in memory of the veterans, past and present," said the VFW District 5 Commander, Bill Cusson. For those who weren't able to make it out there today, the VFW accepts donations at the Beckley location on South Kanawha street. PhotosMore>> 59News Crew's Moms 59News Crew's Moms Updated: Friday, May 12 2017 2:45 PM EDT2017-05-12 18:45:27 GMT Happy Mother's Day from the 59News Crew. Here are some pictures of us and our lovely mothers.  Happy Mother's Day from the 59News Crew. Here are some pictures of us and our lovely mothers.  Top VideoMore>> Crossfit Bluefield Holds Murph Workout In Honor Of Fallen Servicemen And Servicewomen Crossfit Bluefield Holds Murph Workout In Honor Of Fallen Servicemen And Servicewomen Memorial Day Ceremony Held In Bluefield Memorial Day Ceremony Held In Bluefield Fayette County Resort Gaining National Recognition White Sulphur Springs church seeks help to feed flood workers White Sulphur Springs church seeks help to feed flood workers Busy roads expected for Memorial Day Weekend Busy roads expected for Memorial Day Weekend    WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
null
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vident Investment Advisory LLC Has $2.06 Million Position in Selective Insurance Group (SIGI) Tredje AP fonden Increases Stake in Targa Resources Corp (TRGP) Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Purchases Shares of 33,500 Del Frisco's Restaurant Group Inc (DFRG) Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Raises Stake in Senior Housing Properties Trust (SNH) Alleghany Co. (Y) Position Decreased by Mcclain Value Management LLC Vident Investment Advisory LLC Takes Position in Dril-Quip, Inc. (DRQ) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Buys Shares of 299,544 McDermott International (MDR) Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Acquires 11,536 Shares of Ollie's Bargain Outlet Holdings Inc (OLLI) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Sells 20,436 Shares of Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Has $1.99 Million Position in EP Energy Corp (EPE) Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Buys New Stake in Texas Roadhouse Inc (TXRH) Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Purchases New Position in National Fuel Gas Co. (NFG) Avnet, Inc. (AVT) Position Lowered by Vident Investment Advisory LLC Tredje AP fonden Has $479,000 Stake in H & R Block Inc (HRB) Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Acquires Shares of 43,514 New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Boosts Position in United Natural Foods, Inc. (UNFI) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Sells 7,348 Shares of La-Z-Boy Incorporated (LZB) Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness Following Insider Selling Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates “GBX 1,720” Price Target for GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Novartis AG (NOVN) PT Set at CHF 75 by Morgan Stanley Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness Following Insider Selling May 29th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Investors purchased shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) on weakness during trading hours on Monday following insider selling activity. $114.40 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $62.25 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $52.15 million into the stock. Of all equities tracked, Wal-Mart Stores had the 8th highest net in-flow for the day. Wal-Mart Stores traded down ($0.18) for the day and closed at $78.13Specifically, insider David Chojnowski sold 5,142 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 19th. The stock was sold at an average price of $79.36, for a total transaction of $408,069.12. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at approximately $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 15,188,951 shares of company stock worth $1,132,501,377 in the last quarter. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. WMT has been the topic of several recent analyst reports. TheStreet upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research report on Thursday, February 23rd. Bank of America Corp upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and boosted their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $84.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Tuesday, April 25th. Three research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.15. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the company posted $0.98 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of WMT. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 5,000.0% in the third quarter. Hussman Strategic Advisors Inc. now owns 102,000 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $7,356,000 after buying an additional 100,000 shares during the last quarter. Argentus Capital Management LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 27.6% in the third quarter. Argentus Capital Management LLC now owns 10,229 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $738,000 after buying an additional 2,215 shares during the last quarter. SOL Capital Management CO boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 4.9% in the third quarter. SOL Capital Management CO now owns 8,367 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $603,000 after buying an additional 394 shares during the last quarter. Aperio Group LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 19.4% in the third quarter. Aperio Group LLC now owns 1,420,175 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $102,423,000 after buying an additional 231,105 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 12.2% in the third quarter. Balasa Dinverno & Foltz LLC now owns 8,673 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $625,000 after buying an additional 941 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness Following Insider Selling” was posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US & international copyright and trademark laws. The original version of this article can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/29/investors-buy-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-on-weakness-following-insider-selling.html. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sign in News Big South Fork Local News Region/State Features Obituaries Sports Oneida Outdoors Scott Opinion More Public Notices Apartments Real Estate Help Wanted Yard Sales Services Classifieds Community Calendar Church News Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 64.4 F Oneida, TN Sign in / Join E-Edition Subscribe Advertise Blogs Eye to the Sky Editor’s Notes Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Independent Herald News AllBig South ForkLocal NewsRegion/State Local News Lyles: ‘Find veterans and learn a little about them’ Local News Conclusion of TBI investigation expected by mid-week Local News Update: Suspect dead in officer-involved shooting Local News Scott County joblessness drops to 16-year low Features Features Coming Home: Anthony Smith to perform local concert Features Family, customer service guide Baby J’s Features Nearly 10,000 bibles later, ‘The Bible People’ are still going strong Features O&W Cafe: Oneida’s niche restaurant Features Scott County primes for busy tourism season Obituaries Sports AllOneidaOutdoorsScott Oneida Oneida’s Dishman signs with Union College Outdoors A quick guide to snakes in the Cumberlands Scott Scott Track: Scott runners advance to sectional finals Opinion Opinion Garrett: For success-hungry Vols fans, 7.5 wins aren’t enough Opinion Garrett: Obituary tells the tale of an 87-year love story Opinion Oden: Why I picked up a shotgun after four years Opinion Garrett: Heavy rains turned Norris into a tourist sideshow Opinion Garrett: Governor’s tax hike is a good start towards good roads More Public Notices Apartments Real Estate Help Wanted Yard Sales Services Classifieds Community Calendar Church News Home News Local News Conclusion of TBI investigation expected by mid-week News Local News Conclusion of TBI investigation expected by mid-week By IH Staff - May 29, 2017 1518 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Harlan Lewallen The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation's probe into the death of a Georgia man killed in an officer-involved shooting in Oneida Saturday morning is expected to be concluded by the middle of the week. Scott County Sheriff Ronnie Phillips told the Independent Herald Monday that the TBI is expected to wrap up its preliminary investigation by mid-week, at which point it will turn its findings over to the office of District Attorney General Jared Effler, who requested the external investigation as a formality. Ron "Harlan" Lewallen, 30, of Dalton, Ga., was killed shortly after 12:30 a.m. Saturday morning, after he allegedly nearly struck law enforcement officers with his vehicle. Lewallen, who had a lengthy criminal history, was the driver of a vehicle that led law enforcement officers from both the Sheriff's Department and Oneida Police Department on a brief chase through Oneida before shots were fired near the intersection of Alberta Street and Depot Street. Both local law enforcement agencies have been silent on the incident, deferring questions to the TBI. As a matter of standard procedure, the state agency offers little comment on its investigations, which it conducts into all officer-involved shootings. The agency said Saturday that Lewallen was pronounced dead at the scene, after his vehicle crashed a short distance from where he nearly struck several law enforcement officers. That altercation followed a pursuit through Oneida, which witnesses told the Independent Herald started near Walmart on the "Four-Lane" section of Alberta Street, some 1.5 miles north of where officers eventually stopped Lewallen's vehicle in the parking lot of a convenience store at the intersection of Alberta and Depot streets. The TBI said that officers were successful in removing a female passenger, who has not been named, from the vehicle. But, the agency said, Lewallen refused to comply with officers' demands and accelerated his vehicle, nearly striking at least one of the officers. The agency did not say whether Lewallen was intentionally attempting to strike officers with the vehicle or was making a bid to escape. The agency also did not specified whether Lewallen died from gunshot wounds or from injuries sustained in the crash, though reports have indicated that he died of gunshot wounds. The TBI has not named the officers involved, which also keeps with standard procedure. Nor has it said how many shots were fired. It is not known whether Lewallen was armed, or the circumstances leading to the initial efforts to stop his vehicle. Phillips said Monday that at least some of that information will be released after the TBI wraps up its preliminary investigation this week. Alberta Street was closed from Depot Street to Beets Avenue for several hours Saturday morning as the TBI conducted its investigation. The Tennessee Highway Patrol also joined law enforcement agencies on the scene. Lewallen had a lengthy criminal history, mostly in north Georgia, where he had been arrested multiple times for offenses ranging from drug possession to shoplifting to felony probation violation. He was also a prison parolee, which likely would have prevented him from legally leaving the State of Georgia. Saturday's incident was not the first time Lewallen interfered with officers attempting to take him into arrest. In November 2012, he was charged in Whitfield County, Ga., with willful obstruction of law enforcement officers. Lewallen had family ties in Scott County. His father, Ronald Lewallen, of Pioneer, died in Scott County in December 2015. A friend of the family said Lewallen occasionally visited the local community. Saturday's incident marked the third officer-involved shooting in Scott County in the past 10 months. In July 2016, Arthur "June Bug" Letner, 50, of Helenwood, was shot and wounded at his home in the Cherry Fork neighborhood after lunging with a knife at a domestic violence officer from the Scott County Sheriff's Department who was attempting to serve an arrest warrant as part of an investigation into Letner's alleged assault on his girlfriend. One month later, Shannon O'Regan, 30, of Pine Knot, Ky., was shot and wounded in the parking lot of the Oneida Walmart after wielding a handgun as Oneida Police Department officers arrived on scene following reports of a domestic disturbance between O'Regan and his girlfriend. Both men recovered fully from their injuries and were later indicted by a Scott County grand jury. Statewide, there have been 19 officer-involved shootings since Jan. 1, 2017. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet IH Staff Contact the Independent Herald at newsroom@ihoneida.com. Follow us on Twitter, @indherald. Stay connected 6,436FansLike 371FollowersFollow 1,138FollowersFollow LATEST STORIES Lyles: ‘Find veterans and learn a little about them’ May 29, 2017 Conclusion of TBI investigation expected by mid-week May 29, 2017 Storm chances increasing May 27, 2017 Update: Suspect dead in officer-involved shooting May 27, 2017 Saturday’s severe weather risk increases | Eye to the Sky May 26, 2017 - Advertisement - Follow us on Instagram @indherald EDITOR'S PICKS Severe storms possible Saturday | Eye to the Sky May 25, 2017 Stage set for busy Memorial Day weekend May 23, 2017 Saturday’s severe weather risk increases | Eye to the Sky May 26, 2017 MOST COMMENTED Lyles: ‘Find veterans and learn a little about them’ May 29, 2017 West resigns as Oneida High School golf coach January 10, 2017 Honey Creek: Rugged terrain makes for spectacular hike January 10, 2017 TODAY'S MOST READ Lyles: ‘Find veterans and learn a little about them’ May 29, 2017 Conclusion of TBI investigation expected by mid-week May 29, 2017 Update: Suspect dead in officer-involved shooting May 27, 2017 ABOUT USThe Independent Herald was founded in America's 200th year, in the spirit of 1976. Published in Oneida, Tennessee, the weekly newspaper serves as the voice of the Cumberlands and Big South Fork country. Contact us: newsroom@ihoneida.com FOLLOW US E-Edition Subscribe Advertise Blogs Eye to the Sky Editor’s Notes © 2017 Independent Herald, Liberty Press Inc. MORE STORIES Florida man killed in Brimstone accident June 10, 2013 Adventure tourism zones to be considered February 18, 2014 $3 product lands accused shoplifter in jail March 25, 2014
St George News 74 97/66 Wed 95/67 Thu 91/65 Police: Woman locks her kids in trunk while shopping at Wal-Mart Written by Joseph Witham May 27, 2017 Stock image, St. George News ST. GEORGE — A 39-year-old woman was arrested in Riverdale, Utah, after she allegedly locked her two young children in the trunk of her car while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911, Riverdale Police said. The woman, Tori Lee Castillo, was jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. The state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Riverdale Police Lt. Casey Warren said. Read more: What to do if you spot people, pets inside a deadly hot car Castillo was charged with four counts of child abuse and held on $4,000 bond. She was also charged with one count of retail theft. This report is based on preliminary information provided by law enforcement and may not contain the full scope of findings. Persons arrested or charged are presumed innocent until found guilty in a court of law or as otherwise decided by a trier-of-fact. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Email: jwitham@stgnews.com Twitter: @STGnews Copyright St. George News, SaintGeorgeUtah.com LLC, 2017, all rights reserved. Related Stories Baby left in hot car for 2.5 hours flown to hospital in critical condition 13 What to do if you spot people, pets inside a deadly hot car 12 Death of Texas autistic child in hot car raises national toll to 15 for 2015 2 New car seat design helps prevent children from being left in hot cars 8 Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! About the Author Joseph Witham is a Utah Valley University graduate with a bachelor's degree in communication. He loves the Utah outdoors scene and is likely to be found camping or hiking in any one of the state's epic landscapes on a given weekend. He is equally passionate about writing and was published in various news media, including The Daily Herald in Utah County, before joining St. George News. Posted in Local, NewsTagged cedar city, child abuse, child left in car, Class C misdemeanor, kids in trunk, Riverdale, Tori Lee Castillo, Wal-Mart, Weber County Sheriff's Office 2 Comments 42214 May 28, 2017 at 8:06 pm Log in to Reply The bad part of the story is she should not have locked the kids in the trunk, the good news is there were 2 less scraming kids raising cane in Walmart disrupting the peace and quiet of innocent shoppers. Now go ahead and pile on using your secret monikers like Voice of Reason but you gotta admit I make a good point. SteveSGU May 29, 2017 at 3:17 pm Log in to Reply Children locked in like that can die. D-E-A-D. Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. New   See Local Sale Circulars St George News Facebook Google+ Twitter Youtube Subscribe to RSS Submit News Advertise With Us Contact Us Employment About Us | Archives | Editorial Policy | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Copyright © 2010 - 2017 StGeorgeUtah.com LLC, all rights reserved News Sports Local Experts Coupons Arrests Obituaries Autos Classifieds No Filter Calendar Dining Movies Jobs Hotels Golf News Menu News Series Arrests Obituaries Events Lifestyle Health and Wellness Opinion / Shows Sports Announcements Local National Business Financial Politics Utah Legislature 2017 General Election 2016 St. George Crashes Series Days Series Road Respect Series Zion National Park Traffic Jam Series Thanksgiving Arrests Most Wanted Arts & Entertainment Events Explore Health & Wellness Health and Wellness Directory Education Home and Garden Health and Wellness Articles Local Experts Health and Wellness Directory Columnists Letters to the Editor No Filter Show TGIF Show Film Fanatics Sponsored Content Top Sports Stories DSU Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table St. George News Live Video High School Sports Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Submit Your Own See All Announcements Anniversaries Animals Arts and Entertainment Books Business Community service Education, achievement Events Fundraisers Garage Sales and such Health Jobs Politics Meet Ups Military Announcements Religious Scholarships and grants School functions Shopping Sports and Recreation Weddings Writers Sports Menu Top Sports Stories Live / Sports Video High School Stats DSU Dixie High Desert Hills Pine View Snow Canyon Hurricane Enterprise Dixie Rebels Region 9 Round Table Red Storm Round Table Local Experts Menu Ask a Local Expert Coupons Menu Weekly Sale Circulars Local Coupons Arrests Menu Recent Arrests Most Wanted Obituaries Menu View Obituaries Autos Menu Auto Classifieds Classifieds Menu Classifieds Autos Jobs Outdoors and Sporting Pets and Livestock Recreational Vehicles Yard Sales Submissions New Classified New Auto No-Filter Menu The No Filter Show Calendar Menu Upcoming Events Submit Event Dining Menu Dining Movies Menu All Theaters Pineview Stadium 10 St George Stadium 8 Main Street Jobs Menu Jobs Hotels Menu Area Lodging Golf Menu Golf In St George Utah X Free News Delivery by Email Would you like to have the day's news stories delivered right to your inbox every evening? Enter your email below to start! No Thanks
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds 72° Full Menu 72° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us A shopper carts his purchased LED TV at a Best Buy in Miami last year. Alan Diaz AP A shopper carts his purchased LED TV at a Best Buy in Miami last year. Alan Diaz AP Business May 25, 2017 3:00 AM Best Buy stock soars after better-than-expected earnings By KAVITA KUMAR Star Tribune (Minneapolis) LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story MINNEAPOLIS – Best Buy's shares surged more than 21 percent Thursday, signifying just how impressed investors were that the retailer was able to find sales growth amid an otherwise gloomy retail landscape. Higher sales in gaming amid the launch of the Nintendo Switch and sales that improved once delayed federal tax refund checks arrived helped boost the company's sales above its own and analysts' expectations in the first quarter. The company also cited strong sales in computing and the connected home segment. The electronics retailer, headquartered outside Minneapolis, expecting the momentum to continue into the current quarter, raised its guidance for the year. There has been a building sense that brick-and-mortar retailers can't compete with online-only retailers, said David Schick, lead retail analyst with Consumer Edge Research. "So these results are changing lots of minds this morning as to the efficacy and durability of their turnaround," he wrote in an email. Overall sales at Best Buy in the quarter rose 1 percent to $8.5 billion, up from $8.4 billion a year ago. Comparable sales in the U.S. rose 1.4 percent, which was much better than the 1.5 to 2.5 percent drop the company had forecast. Online sales rose 23 percent. Of the 114 retailers Retail Metrics tracks, the weighted average of same-store sales for the first quarter was flat. But it would have been negative overall had Wal-Mart not reported a small bump in sales, noted Ken Perkins, the firm's president. By comparison, Best Buy outperformed much of the industry. "Expectations were really low going into the report," he said of Best Buy. "But they seem to be holding their own despite the onslaught from Amazon. They continue to invest in training of its associates, providing an experience you can't find from many other places." The Nintendo Switch, which retailers have had trouble keeping in stock since it launched in March, also helped Minneapolis-based Target Corp. reverse a decline in its electronics sales in recent months. The retailer logged its best quarter in the category in three years. On a conference call with analysts, Best Buy CEO Hubert Joly said the company, which just finished cutting $400 million in costs over the last few years, would begin a new cost-reduction phase aimed at finding $600 million in savings over the next several years to help fuel future investments. Some of those savings, executives said, would come from bringing more automation to parts of its business such as the supply chain and its call center. Joly said Best Buy will also nationally roll out later this year an in-home adviser program it has been testing in a handful of markets for about a year. Through this service, consultants make free home visits and advise consumers how to better equip their homes with the latest technology to address their needs. David Magee, an analyst with SunTrust Robinson Humphrey, wrote in a research note that, among Best Buy's plans, the next round of cost-cutting stood out, as did plans to more widely expand some newer service offerings sooner than expected. "The strong results were particularly impressive given the headwinds faced by most retailers (delays in refunds, holiday shifts) during what is a seasonally less important quarter," he wrote. Best Buy "got a good allocation of the Nintendo Switch, which had a very strong launch," he wrote. "And, while phones were down, there was still greater interest in the category than expected." In the February-to-April quarter, Best Buy's net earnings were $188 million, down from $229 million in the same quarter a year ago, when it benefited from some settlement proceeds. When adjusted for one-time expenses, it earned 60 cents a share, which was better than the 40 cents analysts were expecting and the 43 cents it reported a year ago. Joly said better-than-expected sales in mobile phones also helped the company in the quarter. Given the better performance, which was not dragged down as much by product shortages as executives initially thought, the retailer raised its sales forecast for the year to 1 percent growth on a 52-week basis, up from its previous plan for flat performance. While it may have felt pressure in the quarter from liquidation sales, Best Buy is expected to get a boost from the demise of one of its largest regional competitors, Hhgregg, which began going-out-of-business sales at its 220 stores last month. While many retailers such as Home Depot are also expected to pick up some incremental sales, some analysts think Best Buy will be the biggest beneficiary. Earlier this year, Joly declared the retailer's Renew Blue turnaround phase to be officially over and ushered in a new strategic phase aimed at finding growth through digital, services and its international operations in Canada and Mexico. This month, Best Buy announced it was rolling out a pilot program with Vivint Smart Home to 400 stores by the end of this summer. The partnership includes home monitoring service as well as design, installation and repair. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago New Gulfport casino will be smoke-free 1:13 5 days ago New Gulfport casino will be smoke-free 1:37 13 days ago Here's how a new look goes together at Style Encore 3:37 a month ago Panelists recall the early days of Coast gaming View More Video Business Portland mayor aims to nix free-speech rally, fears 'hatred' French president flexes diplomatic muscles in Putin meeting 2017 looks to be a record sweet cherry crop Baker, Walsh announce tuition-free college pilot program Insidious but overlooked: Back-bay flooding plagues millions Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Close menu News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List Home Miss Black Texas Says She Was Wrongful Arrested After Being A Victim Of Road Rage She also had to endure racists and sexist insults according to her. Roz Edward, Michigan Chronicle Managing Editor Leave a comment 2 reads Source: Hemera Technologies / Getty A road rage incident that resulted in the arrest of the 2016 Miss Black Texas, Carmen Ponder, is being investigated. Ponder, a 23-year-old pre-law student at Texas A&M University-Commerce, shared on Twitter that she was driving when she was cut off by someone in a black truck. She thought the driver might be drunk, so she signaled and drove into a Walmart parking lot. Ponder says the man in the truck followed her and started cursing at her. She says the man told her that he was teaching his 14-year-old how to drive and Ponder shouldn’t have driven around them. Ponder eventually told the man that it was illegal for a 14-year-old to drive. That’s when she heard him yell, “Oh whatever, you Black b*tch!” Carmen Ponder says she was wrongfully arrested after being called a "black (expletive)" & told to apologize to Commerce Police Chief @NBCDFW pic.twitter.com/dzxX4aYR5K — Courtney Gilmore (@CourtneyNBC5) May 25, 2017 When Ponder exited the Walmart store she was approached by a plainclothes officer who showed his badge. He allegedly revealed that the man she got into an altercation with was his chief. He asked Ponder to apologize. Ponder refused and walked back to her car. The cop allegedly grabbed her arm, telling her she was being detained and the police were on their way. When more officers arrived, the plainclothes officer told them that Ponder was resisting arrest. They cuffed her, held her for 24 hours in jail, and charged her with evading arrest. Her lawyers are fighting for her charges to be dropped and for the people involved to be punished appropriately. You can check out Ponder’s full account of the incident below. @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 We will keep you posted when more information is revealed. Also On The Michigan Chronicle: comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. Trending 17 Black gay celebrities out of the closet Fox 2 Detroit News must enjoy humiliating black elected officials. So why is that? Meet Queen Latifah’s girlfriend Eboni Nichols The continuous rise and fall of the DeBarge family Wayne County First Lady Renata Evans puts her spin on difficult position  Spelman student from Detroit establishes scholarship fund Get Informed! × Like our content? Sign up for The Michigan Chronicle's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Close Get the Michronicle in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video COLUMN-In age of 'superstar firms,' index investing logic holds: James Saf... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Mon May 29, 2017 | 1:14pm EDT COLUMN-In age of 'superstar firms,' index investing logic holds: James Saft (The opinions expressed here are those of the author, a columnist for Reuters) By James Saft May 29 Even in the age of “superstar firms,” the logic of index investing holds. New research details how a small number of companies - think Google, Amazon and Apple - have come to dominate their sectors, capturing a growing share of revenues and helping to create an economy featuring high corporate profits but a lower share of the pie for workers. Economists David Autor, David Dorn, Lawrence Katz, Christina Patterson and John Van Reenen find that industries have become more concentrated and while what they call “superstar firms” pay well, they make extraordinary profits. The net impact across the economy, perhaps as other firms struggle to compete, is that workers’ share of GDP falls. (economics.mit.edu/files/12979) Commentators have concentrated on the economic, social and policy implications of superstar firms but the investment ones are also interesting, and not obvious. While you might think that the trick to investing in an economy with a few winners and many also-rans is to identify the Amazons and buy them, this, of course, is much more easily done looking backward than looking forward. One problem is that the research finds that the concentration rises in industries with faster technological change. While fast technological change seems to bring big winners and concentration - see Facebook, it also brings with it the risk that companies will be supplanted by other technology in the future. Indeed, one of the named superstar firms is Wal-Mart, which as a mostly physical retailer is now seeing its own position hollowed out by the likes of Amazon. Or consider IBM, which surely would once have been thought of as a superstar but which now is notable more for its fondness for share buybacks than its strong returns as a stock. The reality is that a winner-take-all-society is a risky society, and that applies as much to investors as it does to college graduates or mid-career workers. It simply is not as simple as just figuring out who is 'winning' and climbing on board. A concentrated bet on superstar firms is very likely highly risky, not just in theory, as are all concentrated bets, but also in practice due to the rate of technological change. CAPTURING GROWING MARGINS VIA THE INDEX Index investing, in contrast, will allow investors to be exposed to the rising, or persistently high, corporate margins which are a feature of a more highly concentrated economy. In other words, and sadly, the wise bet may not be on Amazon or Facebook, per se, but against labor. While rising concentration and falling wages are new, it has long been a fact that the vast majority of the money made on the stock market comes via a tiny number of firms which skyrocket in value. Hendrik Bessembinder of Arizona State University calculated in a recent study that just 86 stocks have, over 90 years, accounted for $16 trillion in wealth creation, or about half the total of wealth created by the entire universe of companies over that period. The other 26,000 or so stocks created the other $16 trillion of wealth, but even that is a misleading guide to how well an individual stock might do. The top 1,000 stocks, or less than 4 percent of all companies traded over 86 years, account for all wealth creation. “The results also help to explain why active strategies, which tend to be poorly diversified, most often underperform,” Bessembinder wrote in a draft study updated in May. (here) It is notable too that superstar firms have risen, and wages fallen, during a period with rising globalization and a political and regulatory backdrop which allowed it to happen. It may well be that Google, Amazon and Facebook face new political and regulatory roadblocks to maintaining their position. This certainly is already true in China. So your choices boil down to these: 1 - Try to identify some of the 86 superstars in advance. Good luck with that. 2 - Buy stocks you think are among the 86 after they so prove and hope they hold their position. This strategy misses out on all of the gains these few superstar firms make before it dawns on you they’ve arrived. It also exposes you to huge risks that they are in turn supplanted. 3 - Buy a broad stock market index, including earlier-stage companies, and slowly build wealth by collecting the equity risk premium and allowing it to compound. The logic of choice 3 should hold as the balance between profits and labor evolves. (Editing by James Dalgleish) ) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News UPDATE 1-UK Stocks-Factors to watch on May 30 (Adds company news items, futures) May 30 Britain's FTSE 100 index is seen opening down 11 points at 7,537 on Tuesday, according to financial bookmakers, with futures 0.29 percent lower ahead of the cash market open. * ICAG: British Airways expects to run a full flight schedule at London's Heathrow on Tuesday after a worldwide computer system failure at the airline stranded 75,000 passengers over a holiday weekend, the airport said on Monday. GLOBAL MARKETS-Greece, Italy uncertainties dent euro, Asian stocks, lift yen * Euro weakens on fears Greece may forego next bailout payment LSE to buy Citi's fixed-income analytics and index operations for $685 mln May 30 London Stock Exchange (LSE) has agreed to buy Citigroup's fixed-income analytics platform and index business for $685 million in cash, the companies said on Tuesday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
This site uses cookies. By continuing, your consent is assumed. Learn more News... but not as you know it News Sport Trending Home Trending News UK World Weird Tech Sport Football Rumour Mill PL Table Oddballs Club Metro Entertainment Showbiz TV Film Music Gaming Soaps Lifestyle Sex Fashion Food Travel Video More Lifestyle Blogs Students Discounts Submit stuff Competitions Jobs Property Advertise Search Metro Follow us 118m shares Krispy Kreme is launching a coffee and hazelnut spread Alice Sholl for Metro.co.ukMonday 29 May 2017 5:23 pm All hail the god of sweet edible things (Picture: Instagram/Junkbanter.com) Which would you hand over your first born for, Nutella or coffee? This £5.99 rosé from Aldi has been ranked one of the best wines in the world If this sounds like an impossible decision, you owe a big thank you to Krispy Kreme who have just launched their very own coffee and hazelnut spread. Caramel Macchiato spread, to be precise. Sure, they’re big – massive – shoes to fill, but while Nutella has held a place in our hearts for so long, is it time it stepped down for a younger successor to take its place. Coffee is one of those flavours that can only add to sweet treats. Move over, cups. From now on I lick my coffee off a spoon! — Ok not now, but whenever this releases at Walmart later this year. #sse17 A post shared by JunkBanter.com 🍫🍺💪🏼 (@junkbanter) on May 24, 2017 at 7:07am PDT And the idea of a hazelnut spread that tastes as good as Nutella, but with coffee added? There are no words. Food reviewer and Instagrammer Junkbanter posted a photo of the spread last week along with the too-true caption: ‘Move over, cups. From now on I lick my coffee off a spoon!’ Take a break with our rich blend of coffee – chilled, poured over ice & served with a splash of cold milk. Try it today at your nearest shop: krispykreme.com/Locate A post shared by Krispy Kreme Doughnuts (@krispykreme) on May 16, 2017 at 1:46pm PDT It’s not relying on rubbish, fake coffee flavouring either – it’s made with 100% premium arabica beans. More: Food No one's impressed by Special K's latest attempt at feminism This couple has created the largest pizza slice you've ever seen National BBQ Week: 12 commandments for the perfect barbecue Metro.co.uk reached out to Krispy Kreme to find out if and when the spread might hit the UK, and we’ll update this story if we find out. MORE: Behold the glory of the deep-fried Nutella burger MORE: An official Nutella café is opening in Chicago MORE: ASK Italian are now doing a Nutella-filled gnocchi and we can’t decide if it’s a good thing The Fix The daily lifestyle email from Metro.co.uk. Sign up Find out more MoreFood Aldi are selling their own super cheap pizza ovens SponsoredThe best family holidays in the UK this summer Putting wasabi on your head touted as the next big hair-loss remedy SponsoredThis new gay dating app could help find your Mr Right Comments Must read What's trending nowMore trending stories » A makeup artist has turned a white woman black and it's all kicking off This £5.99 rosé from Aldi has been ranked one of the best wines in the world Stop letting people convince you that your vagina's supposed to smell of roses We need to talk about female sexual dysfunction Bespoke is the new black: Why getting everything tailored to you is the way forward Brought to you byMore trending stories » YOU ARE HERE: Food › Food Home News Sport Lifestyle Entertainment More Blogs Jobs Search Metro Trending MetroUK @MetroUK © 2017 Associated Newspapers Limited Powered by WordPress.com VIP Your ad choices ContributorsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy PolicySite map Back to top Get us in your feed Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter
Utah mom arrested after locking young children in trunk of car w - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Utah mom arrested after locking young children in trunk of car while she shopped Posted: Monday, May 29, 2017 12:10 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 12:11 PM EDT MARK GREEN AND LAUREN STEINBRECHER Riverdale, UT -- A mother was booked into jail for child abuse Thursday after a witness saw her lock her 2 and 5-year-old children in the trunk of a car in a Wal-Mart parking lot while she went shopping. According to police, several people helped the children escape from the locked trunk before 39-year old Tori Castillo surfaced from the store. Heidi, who wanted to keep her last name anonymous, was one of those people. She said she and her friend were unloading groceries nearby when she heard noise coming from the trunk. She walked over and put her ear against the car. "I could hear some kids crying," she recounted. "I turned to my friend and I'm like, 'There's people in this trunk. There's kids in this trunk!'" Heidi said she and her friend, as well as two other women, started trying to help the girl inside. She said one of the women had seen the mother put the children in the trunk, before walking into the store. "I started talking to the little girl that I could hear screaming," Heidi said. "She was [yelling], 'Mom, let me out! Let me out! Mom! Help!" She was screaming, crying." At that point, Heidi said she started yelling through the license place back at the girl, guiding her on how to open the truck with the emergency latch. The trunk popped open. Heidi said the children were scared, and sweating from the heat. "Both kids just came out... they just jumped out at us," Heidi said. "One lady took the 2-year-old, I took the 5-year-old." While they waited for police, Heidi said the mother emerged from the store. "The only explanation she had was, 'My babysitter didn't show up,'" Heidi said. According to the Riverdale Police Department, Tori Castillo was booked into the Weber County Correctional Facility in Ogden. She faces four counts of child abuse with physical injury, and one charge of theft. The Division of Child and Family Services responded, "and the children were turned over to a responsible party," a press release stated. Heidi still can't believe the shocking scene she witnessed. "It was kind of heartbreaking to see that somebody could do something so cruel," she said. KSTU TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Suspect dead after officer-involved shooting at Raytown Wal-Mart - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Suspect dead after officer-involved shooting at Raytown Wal-Mart Posted: Monday, May 29, 2017 12:10 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 12:11 PM EDT KSHB Raytown, MO -- A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown Wal-Mart Sunday night. Police said around 9:15 p.m. an off-duty deputy tried to stop a male suspect from shoplifting. "A struggle ensued. She was disarmed of her Taser and got out her service weapon and shot the suspect. He was transported to a local hospital where he was pronounced deceased," Sgt. John Payne with the Jackson County Sheriff's Office said. Both the deputy and the suspect were taken to the hospital. The suspect later died, and the suspect's age is unknown at this time. The deputy remains in the hospital. She will be placed on leave until the investigation is over. KSHB TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Horoscopes VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close Alan Singer, Contributor Social studies educator, Hofstra University, my opinions, of course, are my own The Trump Education Budget Will Dangerously Favor "Fast Food" Teachers With drastic cuts to education spending, the Trump administration will do irreversible damage to teacher quality nationwide. 05/29/2017 07:12 am ET | Updated 15 hours ago NBC A clip from the NBC television show Teachers. He probably just learned how much he is being paid. 640 The average hourly pay for food service workers and cashiers in the United States at McDonald’s is $8.50. At Starbucks, employees earn an average of $9.43 an hour, but shift supervisors can make over $12 an hour. Full-time associates at Walmart are paid $13.38 an hour. Customer service associates earn $13.54 an hour at Costco and as much as $13.78 an hour at Home Depot. However, in many school district in the United States, substitute teachers, in charge of helping to educate our children, are paid less than $13 an hour and have barely any qualifications. This is part of the trend to outsource and privatize what goes on in our schools, something being promoted by the Trump/DeVos education regime, and something that in no way counts as “education.” CNBC Home Depot is hiring. A major player in the fast-food teacher industry is Kelly Educational Staffing. In Florida, it is active in Orlando, Jacksonville, and Tampa-Saint Petersburg. It also provides substitute teachers in Massachusetts, According to the Kelly website, requirements to be a Kelly substitute are minimal: an associate’s degree or 60 college credits, the ability to read and write in English, “passing” criminal background checks and a drug test, “completion of an informational session on substitute teaching to be conducted on the day of your interview,” “successful completion of a behavioral interview and a mandatory orientation conducted by Kelly Educational Staffing,” and the willingness to work for next to nothing without any benefits. The online training program takes two hours and includes a quiz. People with these “qualifications” are then expected to provide “instruction,” encourage “student progress,” and manage the “learning environment.” That means the “implementation” of “existing lesson plans in a manner that ensures the integrity of academic time, and motivates students to learn and participate” and instructing “students regarding a variety of classroom topics/courses of instruction, as determined by the School District’s lesson plan and in accordance with Kelly Services policy.” PolitiFact North Carolina teachers demand a living wage. In some school districts, including Washington D.C., there is a high mid-year turnover of teachers in poorly performing inner-city minority schools. At one DC high school 25 percent of the teaching staff now consists of unprepared low paid substitute teachers. An 11th grade Algebra student explained the impact to the Washington Post. Since his regular teacher left in January, “No one is teaching. It’s been like that for months now. We don’t do anything, so I leave and go to my biology class or English class and go do other work.” If the Trump/DeVos education budget or some semblance of it passes Congress, the future for public education in the United States and the teaching profession look dim. The proposed budget calls for a $9.2 billion, or 13.5 percent, spending cut to education. Title I funding to high-poverty schools would not be adjusted to take into account rising costs. Money for teacher training, class-size reduction (which promotes literacy), and for after-school programs would be reduced or eliminated. Medicaid funds that help school districts assist students with special needs would be cut. Other federal funds will be diverted from public schools to charters, private, and religious schools. The federal government would stop subsidizing interest on student loans and phase out public service loan forgiveness so fewer people could afford to become teachers. You can sign a petition opposing this cuts at this link. If the Trump/DeVos education budget is approved look for a lot more fast-food teachers in the future. Question: Would Trump accept teachers with these “qualifications” at the fancy private schools attended by his son and grandchild? Follow Alan Singer on Twitter: https://twitter.com/ReecesPieces8 Related... Betsy DeVos, A Defender Of Some Trump Budget Would Abandon Public Education For Private Choice MORE: Donald Trump United States U.S. Government Resources Health And Medicine Education Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW THE MORNING EMAIL Start your workday the right way with the news that matters most. Learn more Newsletter 965 K 390 K 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat The Trump Education Budget Will Dangerously Favor "Fast Food" Teachers 640 CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE ABOUT OUR ADS CONTACT US RSS FAQ CAREERS ARCHIVE USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY COMMENT POLICY Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost • HPMG News
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Mother Arrested After Allegedly Locking Kids Inside Trunk to Shop at Walmart Maya Chung Inside Edition May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Police arrested a 39-year-old Utah woman after she allegedly locked her two young children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a local Walmart. Riverdale Police said that they received a call on Thursday after a woman allegedly spotted the mom stuffing the children, ages 2 and 5, inside of the trunk in the store’s parking lot, according to reports. Read: Parents Forced 5-Year-Old To Drink Mouthwash Because He Was Thirsty: Cops "The small children ... began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake," Police Lt. Casey Warren told CNN. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children.” Another witness, Heidi, told ABC7 that she heard the 5-year-old girl screaming from inside, “Mom, let me out! Help!” Bystanders reportedly coached the 5-year-old on how to pull the emergency latch from inside the trunk and were able to get the kids out. "Both kids came out, like, jump spring loaded, they just jumped out at us. One lady took the 2 year old. I took the 5 year old. I was like, 'this can't be what we're finding,'" Heidi said. Heidi told the station that once police arrived and the mother, Tori Lee Castillo, exited the store, her alleged excuse was that the children’s babysitter didn’t show up. Read: Man Charged in Death of Girlfriend's Daughter After 'Wrestling Moves': Cops Castillo was jailed on suspicion of child abuse, according to reports. The children were reportedly turned over to the Division of Child and Family Services and then handed over to a responsible party. Watch: Man Charged In Murder of Baby Begged Her Not To Die In Desperate 911 Call   Related Articles: Meet the Father and Daughter Who Used to Be Mother and Son Perfectly Preserved 1800s Toddler Found Under Home is Identified Woman With No Female Friends Opts For All-Male Bachelorette Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Tiger Woods speaks on DUI arrest: 'Unexpected reaction to prescribed medication' 4457 reactions4%70%26% Memorial Day observed across the U.S. 255 reactions8%68%24% Donald Trump acted like 'a drunk tourist' on Europe trip that led Angela Merkel to proclaim end of US alliance 2881 reactions5%59%36% Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 137 reactions9%69%22% JFK at 100: Remembering John F. Kennedy on his 100th birthday 445 reactions7%72%21% Security expert's 'Warnings' on the future of national security Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 77 reactions5%79%16% Ivanka Trump's blog tweets something dumber than her father on Memorial Day 2902 reactions5%61%34% Bryce Harper throws helmet, punches as brawl erupts with Giants 1131 reactions4%71%25% Tiger kills zookeeper at Hamerton Zoo Park in England 211 reactions3%72%25% Rolling Thunder, French Open, Manchester tribute and more — it happened today: May 28 in pictures 30 reactions12%67%21% Climate for conflict: Fighting to survive in Somalia plagued by drought 3 reactions0%100%0% Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 64 reactions9%65%26% White House officials 'convinced they may be victims of deep state conspiracy' 5348 reactions4%60%36% 3-Week-Old Dies in Dog Attack After Being Left Alone With Family's Three Pit Bulls 3548 reactions5%58%37% Portland mayor aims to nix free-speech rally, fears 'hatred' 2157 reactions4%61%35% Portland mayor aims to nix free-speech rally, fears 'hatred' bctallis: 3 days later he apologizes for something that HE fueled. He is repulsive. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.2k
Forerunner Venture's Kirsten Green: 'We need to have more women - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Forerunner Venture's Kirsten Green: 'We need to have more women founders' Posted: Monday, May 29, 2017 10:40 AM EDT Updated: Monday, May 29, 2017 11:41 AM EDT In the male-dominated world of venture capital, Kirsten Green is blazing a trail. Not only is she a leading investor in the retail space, but she also supports a large number of women-led businesses. By Poppy Harlow and Haley Draznin NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- In the male-dominated world of venture capital, Kirsten Green is blazing a trail. Not only is she a leading investor in the retail space, but she also supports a large number of women-led businesses. "We need to have more women founders stepping up to kind of own their own story and ask for what they want, and tell success stories and start really building confidence that these stories are out there," Green says in a new episode of CNN's Boss Files with Poppy Harlow podcast. The founder of San Francisco-based venture capital firm Forerunner Ventures, Green and her team have had far more hits than misses -- propelling her to number 12 on CB Insights' list of the top 50 venture capitalists in the world. Some of Forerunner's biggest successes: eyewear maker Warby Parker, beauty subscription company Birchbox, Dollar Shave Club (which was recently bought by Unilever for $1 billion) and online retailer Jet.com (recently acquired by Wal-Mart for more than $3 billion). The firm says it now invests in 48 companies across three portfolios and has about $240 million in assets under management. Time magazine recently took notice, naming Green to this year's list of the 100 most influential people. "Silicon Valley needs more venture capitalists like Kirsten, who not only hires women... but also seeks out women-led businesses to invest in," Time wrote. About 40% of Green's portfolio is invested in women-run companies, but she is adamant that isn't her sole focus. "We never invest in a male, we never invest in a female, we just invest in the right entrepreneur," Green says. Green swears by "original thinking," which she calls "paramount as an investor seeking outsized investment returns" and ascribes to what she calls "the power of focus" in a single sector. For Green and Forerunner -- that is retail. Her path has been unconventional. She didn't go to business school, and she never worked at a VC firm before founding her own. But she did spend more than a decade as a retail analyst on Wall Street, giving her a lens into the dramatically shifting retail landscape that few others in her sector have right now. One of her earliest individual investments was menswear company Bonobos. When the company approached Green for funding, she recalls her conversation with the founder. "I said, I don't have money to lose right now... but I do have money to learn, and what I want more than anything out of this small personal investment is to learn with you." Like all investors, Green has had her share of misses. One of her biggest self-proclaimed flops was a hybrid online/brick and mortar apparel brand met with fanfare at the outset, only to fizzle shortly after takeoff. "It was a big idea," Green noted. "It was bold. I had been looking for somebody that was looking to do something truly different in retail... The product was revolutionary." But it wasn't -- largely because Green said the company wasn't nimble. When the 2008 downturn hit, the company floundered and went bankrupt. Along with that bankruptcy filing came the reporter phone calls and negative headlines. Today, Green sees with clear eyes a consumer she calls "more empowered" than ever before and "increasingly savvy." Despite her success, Green is a rarity in the VC world. A 2016 TechCrunch study found 7% of partners at the leading 100 American VC firms are women. Couple that with the growing disparity in VC funding of female-founded companies versus male-founded companies. Venture capital database PitchBook found that women got just 2% of all venture funding in 2016, with $58.2 billion in funding going to all-male founders and just $1.46 billion to women. "There's really no good excuse for that kind of disparity," Green says. She sees herself with an increasing responsibility to help close the gap. Green says 70% of Forerunner's staff is female and 30% are minorities. "It's not about having one partner, one female representative partner," she said, "It's really about elevating and opening up that voice." Silicon Valley is also grappling with sexism that is real and pronounced in some cases. Green acknowledges she has experienced that sexism on her rise up. "Very candidly, I haven't spent a lot of time thinking about it. Yes, there is a part of me that feels I have to show up and be better and smarter, all those things. And that's not fair," says Green. With her growing visibility, she's increasingly speaking out against sexism. But perhaps her most personal fight is one she's more engaged in now than ever before -- equality for other women trying to accomplish what she has managed to. "People need role models, and they need to feel that there's this opportunity to learn," Green says. "They need to have people that will stick up for them. I want to be a part of that." Green is firing on all cylinders -- at work and at home (she's the mom of two young kids) -- and her prescient calls are now being lauded by those who keep score. So does she think she's "made it"? "Oh, there is so much more," she exclaimed! "There's so much more to do on all fronts." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Forerunner Venture’s Kirsten Green: ‘We need to have more women founders’ Forerunner Venture’s Kirsten Green: ‘We need to have more women founders’ Posted on Monday, May 29, 2017 by CNN in Business News In the male-dominated world of venture capital, Kirsten Green is blazing a trail. Not only is she a leading investor in the retail space, but she also supports a large number of women-led businesses. “We need to have more women founders stepping up to kind of own their own story and ask for what they want, and tell success stories and start really building confidence that these stories are out there,” Green says in a new episode of CNN’s Boss Files with Poppy Harlow podcast. The founder of San Francisco-based venture capital firm Forerunner Ventures, Green and her team have had far more hits than misses — propelling her to number 12 on CB Insights’ list of the top 50 venture capitalists in the world. Some of Forerunner’s biggest successes: eyewear maker Warby Parker, beauty subscription company Birchbox, Dollar Shave Club (which was recently bought by Unilever for $1 billion) and online retailer Jet.com (recently acquired by Wal-Mart for more than $3 billion). The firm says it now invests in 48 companies across three portfolios and has about $240 million in assets under management. Time magazine recently took notice, naming Green to this year’s list of the 100 most influential people. “Silicon Valley needs more venture capitalists like Kirsten, who not only hires women… but also seeks out women-led businesses to invest in,” Time wrote. About 40% of Green’s portfolio is invested in women-run companies, but she is adamant that isn’t her sole focus. “We never invest in a male, we never invest in a female, we just invest in the right entrepreneur,” Green says. Green swears by “original thinking,” which she calls “paramount as an investor seeking outsized investment returns” and ascribes to what she calls “the power of focus” in a single sector. For Green and Forerunner — that is retail. Her path has been unconventional. She didn’t go to business school, and she never worked at a VC firm before founding her own. But she did spend more than a decade as a retail analyst on Wall Street, giving her a lens into the dramatically shifting retail landscape that few others in her sector have right now. One of her earliest individual investments was menswear company Bonobos. When the company approached Green for funding, she recalls her conversation with the founder. “I said, I don’t have money to lose right now… but I do have money to learn, and what I want more than anything out of this small personal investment is to learn with you.” Like all investors, Green has had her share of misses. One of her biggest self-proclaimed flops was a hybrid online/brick and mortar apparel brand met with fanfare at the outset, only to fizzle shortly after takeoff. “It was a big idea,” Green noted. “It was bold. I had been looking for somebody that was looking to do something truly different in retail… The product was revolutionary.” But it wasn’t — largely because Green said the company wasn’t nimble. When the 2008 downturn hit, the company floundered and went bankrupt. Along with that bankruptcy filing came the reporter phone calls and negative headlines. Today, Green sees with clear eyes a consumer she calls “more empowered” than ever before and “increasingly savvy.” Despite her success, Green is a rarity in the VC world. A 2016 TechCrunch study found 7% of partners at the leading 100 American VC firms are women. Couple that with the growing disparity in VC funding of female-founded companies versus male-founded companies. Venture capital database PitchBook found that women got just 2% of all venture funding in 2016, with $58.2 billion in funding going to all-male founders and just $1.46 billion to women. “There’s really no good excuse for that kind of disparity,” Green says. She sees herself with an increasing responsibility to help close the gap. Green says 70% of Forerunner’s staff is female and 30% are minorities. “It’s not about having one partner, one female representative partner,” she said, “It’s really about elevating and opening up that voice.” Silicon Valley is also grappling with sexism that is real and pronounced in some cases. Green acknowledges she has experienced that sexism on her rise up. “Very candidly, I haven’t spent a lot of time thinking about it. Yes, there is a part of me that feels I have to show up and be better and smarter, all those things. And that’s not fair,” says Green. With her growing visibility, she’s increasingly speaking out against sexism. But perhaps her most personal fight is one she’s more engaged in now than ever before — equality for other women trying to accomplish what she has managed to. “People need role models, and they need to feel that there’s this opportunity to learn,” Green says. “They need to have people that will stick up for them. I want to be a part of that.” Green is firing on all cylinders — at work and at home (she’s the mom of two young kids) — and her prescient calls are now being lauded by those who keep score. So does she think she’s “made it”? “Oh, there is so much more,” she exclaimed! “There’s so much more to do on all fronts.” Big business wants Trump to stick with Paris climate accord Computer meltdown may cost British Airways over $100 million Related Posts Corbett Administration Approves Funding to Support Local Governments; Community Partnerships Sumner Redstone ordered to undergo mental health exam Is the Philippines’ outspoken president scaring away investors? DEP Fines Rex Energy for Violations in Clearfield County Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2021 Sales, Market Size, Market Benefits, Forthcoming Developments, Business Opportunities & Future Investments Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market latest research report provides in-depth analysis of definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure forecast until 2021. The report also consists of development trends, competitive landscape analysis, and key regions development status of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market. Report analysts forecast the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Driving factors: – High penetration of mobile computing devices. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Challenges: – Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market: Trends: – Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. Get a PDF Sample of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Research Report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Segment by Regions mainly contain Americas, APAC and EMEA with Leading Key vendors Google, Apple, Here, Micello, and many Other prominent vendors. Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system. Detailed TOC of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021 Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021-10723062 Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry research report is a meticulous investigation of current scenario of the market, which covers several market dynamics. The Europe Acrylate Monomer market research report is a resource, which provides current as well as upcoming technical and financial details of the industry. The thorough analysis in this report enables investors, CEOs, traders and suppliers to understand the market in a better way and based on that knowledge make well-informed decisions. Have any query? ask our expert @ http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10723062 A complete analysis of the competitive landscape of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) is provided in the report. This section includes company profiles of market key players. The profiles include contact information, gross, capacity, product details of each firm, price, and cost are covered. This report investigates new project feasibility with a purpose of enlightening new entrants about the possibilities in this market. In this report, thorough SWOT analysis & investment analysis is provided which forecasts imminent opportunities for the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market players. Purchase report @ http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10723062   In the end, the report elaborates the Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) overview various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analyzed. Some Major Point cover in this report are: – What will the market growth rate, Overview and Analysis by Type of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) in 2021? What are the key factors driving, Analysis by Applications and Countries Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) industry? What are Dynamics, This Overview Includes Analysis of Scope, and price analysis of top Manufacturers Profiles of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Who are Opportunities, Risk and Driving Force of Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN)? Knows Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing and Downstream Buyers Who are the key vendors in Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) space? Business Overview by Type, Applications, Gross Margin and Market Share What are the Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) market? Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsIndoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Industry Outlook, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Driver, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Key Vendors, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Opportunities, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Shares, Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global HPLC Accessories 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Implantable Cardioverter Defibrillator Market Size, Share, Growth, Trends & Forecast by 2021 Search Recent Posts Capillary Underfill Material Sales Market with Focus on Emerging Technologies, Regional Trends, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis & Forecasts to 2022 Ferrosilicon Market: Recent Study Including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Polyamide 12 (PA 12Nylon 12) Market Report 2017: Evonik, Arkema, EMS-Grivory New Report of Aragonite Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2022 Angular Position Sensors Sales Market: Segmented by Application and Geography Trends, Growth and Forecasts to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Bear wanders into Walmart parking lot in Kentucky by: Bob D Angelo, Cox Media Group National Content Desk Updated: May 29, 2017 - 5:17 AM Black bear Pacific Press/LightRocket/Getty Images SOMERSET, Ky. - Some late-night shoppers in Kentucky were surprised to  be greeted by a  black bear in the parking lot. >> Read more trending news A bear was spotted in a Walmart parking lot in Somerset around 1:30 a.m. Monday, WLEX reported.. Police and Kentucky Fish and Wildlife officials were called to the scene to lure the bear into the woods. Until they arrived, several shoppers tried to keep the bear away from the store entrance. "We seen it running down the sidewalk in front of the outdoor living center outside of Walmart, and me and six other cars tried to block … keep the bear from going towards the customer entrance," Malcolm Stephens told WLEX. Witnesses said that officials were able to chase the bear behind the store and believe he eventually returned to the woods.   © 2017 Cox Media Group. Bear wanders into Walmart parking lot in Kentucky Manuel Noriega, former Panamanian dictator, dead at 83 Security experts warn about doll susceptible to hackers Memorial Day 2017: Soldiers place 280,000 flags on headstones of fallen… Tiger Woods issues statement on DUI arrest, says no alcohol involved News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
May 29, 2017 | 78° | Check Traffic Subscribe Customer Service Print Replica LOG IN Search for: Home Top News Local Sports Crave Features Business Editorial Obituaries Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Search for: LOG IN SUBSCRIBE Archives Columnists TGIF Video Photo Galleries Hawaii Prep World Hawaii Warrior World Blogs Travel Religion Hokulea Merrie Monarch Movie Listings TV Week Corrections Dining Out Hawaii Renovation Special Sections Honolulu Street Pulse Home Archives Top News Local Sports Crave Business TGIF Features Editorial Religion Columnists Travel Print Replica Blogs Video Photo Galleries Hokulea Merrie Monarch Customer Service Cars Homes Classifieds Movie Listings Jobs TV Week 911 Report| Hawaii News Suspect No. 2 charged in May 17 robbery Star-Advertiser staff Posted May 29, 2017 May 29, 2017 Updated May 29, 2017 12:05am The second of three suspects has been charged in connection with a home invasion robbery in Punchbowl that police said involved suspects impersonating police officers. Kahoku Tampos, 30, was charged Saturday with first-degree robbery, kidnapping, burglary, impersonating a law enforcement officer and fourth-degree sexual assault. He was being held in lieu of $200,000 bail. Tampos was arrested Saturday afternoon at Wal-Mart, 700 Keeaumoku St. The first suspect arrested, 25-year-old Anthony Riley, was charged Friday with seven crimes, including robbery, kidnapping and burglary, in connection with the early morning incident on May 17. Riley was arrested Wednesday at Kapolei Marketplace and was being held in lieu of $200,000 bail. Police said three assailants wore shirts bearing the letters SHOPO, for the State of Hawaii Organization of Police Officers (the police union), and entered the family home in a walk-up condominium on Kamamalu Avenue after a 47-year-old woman answered the doorbell. The woman told police she opened the door because someone outside said it was the police. The suspects bound four victims in the home, including a 23-year-old man, his parents and a friend of the man’s sister, and took cash and belongings. Police said one suspect fondled the 47-year-old woman before leaving the scene. Moped rider badly hurt by crash into wall A man believed to be in his 20s was critically injured Sunday when the moped he was riding crashed into a concrete wall at Haleiwa Beach Park. The incident was first reported at 5:05 p.m. Emergency Medical Services personnel transported the man to a hospital. Action at Sandy’s keeps lifeguards engaged Lifeguards made seven rescues and took “hundreds” of preventive actions during a very busy Sunday at Sandy Beach, according to city Ocean Safety spokeswoman Shayne Enright. Lifeguards patrolling the Ka Iwi coastline on rescue watercraft assisted six people safely back to shore. No injuries were reported. Enright said lifeguards were expected to remain beyond their normal hours at Sandy Beach and along the west side due to massive Memorial Day weekend crowds. Woman arrested after victim is stabbed A 50-year-old woman was arrested Saturday after she allegedly stabbed a man in Pearl City. The woman was arrested on the 2300 block of Apapa Street in Pacific Palisades at 6 p.m. for investigation of second-­degree attempted murder. Police said the woman used a weapon to injure a 47-year-old man at about 5:20 p.m. Saturday. An Emergency Medical Services report said paramedics took the man in critical condition to a hospital. Get the latest news by email Sign Up Share this: PREV Most Read Hands off monuments, Cabinet member is told Tiger Woods blames medications for his arrest on DUI charge OHA develops nine parcels of Kakaako land King tide threatens coastal flooding tonight California surfboard designer dies after being hit by car Comments () By participating in online discussions you acknowledge that you have agreed to the TERMS OF SERVICE. An insightful discussion of ideas and viewpoints is encouraged, but comments must be civil and in good taste, with no personal attacks. If your comments are inappropriate, you may be banned from posting. Flag comments if you believe they do not follow our guidelines. Click here for more information on our commenting system. Copyright ©2017 staradvertiser.com. All rights reserved. 500 Ala Moana Blvd. #7-210, Honolulu, HI 96813 Telephone: (808) 529-4747 About Us Media Kit Advertise Privacy Policy Contact Information Terms of Service
Heart ™ Menu The Anonymous Manifesto™ The Nobel Prize Aww..{A memoir} {Fiction} {Poetry} {Essays} {Reviews} {Travel} Heart™ The Anonymous Manifesto™ The Nobel Prize Aww..{A memoir} {Fiction} {Poetry} {Essays} {Reviews} {Travel} Heart™ May 28, 2017 / 1 comment The Anonymous Manifesto™ – Ep. 4 – The Indian Math teacher from Albany, Georgia * * * SG, 50 is from India and teaches high school Math in Albany, Georgia, population 70,000. He tells me about life in small town USA, his passion for a mentally stressful job like teaching and the respect he gets and the prejudices he faces from people he interacts with on a daily basis. Here’s the transcript of my face to face interview with him.  * Heart: How did you come to the States as a teacher? SG: Its a company called GTRR for which I work. Now its called KRG (Knowledge Resource Group). I was interviewed in Hyderabad (India) for this role. We have other centers around India like in Chennai, Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata where they screen for candidates. I went through a consultancy called RK Consultancy for my first round of interviews. And then RK forwarded my resume to GTRR and they did a second round of interview. * Heart: So, where all do these teachers from India get placed? Just the States or World wide? SG: I’m not exactly sure of the entire list, but, our teachers have gone to Philippines and Australia too. * Heart: What’s the subject you teach? SG: I’m a math teacher in a high school. There’s a great need for Math, Science and Special education teachers in America. These are the three categories of teachers that come here. * Heart: How long have you guys been here? SG: 10 years since 2007. We came here when our older one was 5 years old. Now he’s 15, rising 11th (grader). * Heart: What’s the demographic makeup of Albany, Georgia? Do you have any Indians? SG: There are a lot of African Americans where we live. We have a small Indian community. We have 15 teachers who came like me. * Heart: How’s the poverty rate? SG: Not much. The place is not small at the same time its not that big. One of the town’s biggest employers is Miller Coors, a beer brewing company. P&G is another one. * Heart: How’s life in Albany? SG: Running. (sic) We’re always busy, just like everyone else. But our life is not that complicated. We don’t have an Indian grocery store or anything. The rating of our school was great and so we accepted the offer to come here. * Heart: Have you experienced racism? SG: I guess the place is just like anywhere else. They accept us, they’re helpful generally when you run into them. * Heart: Its really interesting to talk to a teacher from the Indian community. Most of my friends and people I meet are business men, or doctors and for the most part work in Information technology. SG: That’s what I hear. They ask, “Oh, so even teachers come from India to teach kids here?” That’s a big question mark for them. * Heart: What visa are you guys on? SG: H1. * Heart: Do they fast track your Green card processing? SG: No, actually, its very slow. Although we’re eligible for EB2 processing for Greencards, our consulting companies don’t prefer doing that. By the way, are you guys Brahmins (One of the social classes in India)? * Heart: Yes, we are. SG: I could tell. (Laughs) * Heart: How do you do your Indian grocery (lentils and other dry goods) shopping? SG: Atlanta is 180 miles from Albany and Tallahassee is 80 miles south. But we prefer Atlanta because we can come to the temple here. There is no Indian temple in Tallahassee. Two birds at one shot. (Laughs) * Heart: Tell me anything. SG: Teaching is great. There’s a lot of respect to those of us in it. Because we (Indians) are so hardworking, the kids also show us a lot of respect. Atleast a lot of them. * Heart: Does your wife work? SG: She’s a medical records analyst in a hospital. * Heart: Was she trained here or did she come to the US as a trained person? SG: No, mam. It’s a long story. She came here on the dependant visa, H4. She worked at a gas station for a very long time. And thanks to Obama, when he gave EADs (Employment Authorization Card) to all the H4 visa holders, she started applying to different places. She was interviewed at this hospital, 3 or 4 rounds before she finally got the job. She is an MBA from India. By the way which county do you guys live in? * Heart: Fulton. SG: Until two years ago, Fulton county was taking teachers from India. Now, they don’t anymore. * Heart: Interesting. We see a couple of Indian teachers in special education. so where are all the other 14 of your teacher friends work at? SG: They are in different schools. Middle and high, both. We know a few doctors too. We know a couple of IT specialists, but they don’t hang out with us often. And their work is contract based and so its difficult to form long term friendships with them. There are a lot of IT needs for companies like P&G, the Marine Base and the Airforce and the Airport. And when we meet these IT guys in Walmart or somewhere else, we try to make friends with them, but 4 months later they’re gone. We have 15 teachers and 15 doctors in our social group. We gather every Saturday and chant Vishnu Sahasra Naamam at someone’s house. That’s an occasion to meet. * Heart: That’s great for having a sense of community. So do you do any private tutoring? SG: We don’t have the time to do anything after school. Especially for us Indian teachers. The job itself is mentally very stressful. * Heart: How do you grade kids? SG: You show me your work and your get your grades accordingly. You have to submit on time, otherwise even if its perfect, you only get a 70 from me. That’s it, those are my rules. There was a guy from our teacher’s group called Vinod and his Principal had demanded him to give a passing grade to one of Vinod’s students. And he quit the job because he didn’t want to do the wrong thing and left for India. * Heart: Oh wow. Were you a teacher back in India? SG: I was a lecturer in a Degree (Undergrad) college. And I used to have my own college. Its Gitanjali women’s college in Warangal. You can even Google it. Of course, we had to come out of it because it was difficult to juggle both India and the States. Being a sleeping partner is not that easy and its high risk. But, its doing very well now. That was my dream, you know. * Heart: Who knows you might establish a university here in the States? So, do you have any plans to go back to India? SG: (Laughs) Not yet. Our younger one is in 2nd grade. And the problem is not with us. My kids can’t be good students in India. They might initially struggle with the lifestyle, but eventually they might adapt. But education is totally a different thing. The Indian education system is very different. You might be able to come here from India and settled down well into the education system. But if you go there, you’ll be a zero. * Heart: What’s the biggest difference in education system from India and America? SG: There’s a lot of exposure for kids to many different things in America, which is missing in India. They get exposed to so many different aspects of real life and scholastics, its good for the child. They are not afraid of asking questions, think for themselves and have an individualistic approach to problems. If they don’t like something, they can say no. Even if you are the teacher, they tell you they don’t want to do this assignment. They never shy from expressing they opinions. But, in India, we learn a lot of content. We learn a subject really deeply. But here, if we work on a problem, we also have to think of the application of the solution instead of just finding a solution. For example, if you’re given a topic, you’ve to write two or three pages about it, you get some depth on the subject. But in India, parents, teachers and society, hide the actual knowledge and understanding of the student. We only have a standard answer for any given question instead of allowing the student to answer it in his own understanding. If you want your child to be an Engineer, you’ll only expose him to Math and Science. There’s a downside to that. If lets say, you want your child to become a doctor, his initial foundation is going to be in subjects related to that and if he doesn’t get a good score to get into Medical school, the child is stuck, because he hasn’t been exposed to any other area of education early on. Here, everyone does all the courses even through Under Grad and they can go into masters in an area which they want to specialize in. Whenever you decide to change the course of your career, you take the credits in the subject related to that. That’s why our government of Telangana (a southern state in India) is planning to revamp the educational system into what they call a credit system. You can accumulate all the credits you want based on the subject you choose. If you take a math course, you get a credit. You are not stuck in a course where for 3 or 4 years, you only study Math or Science. If you finish 24 credits, you can graduate from High school. If you finish 36 credits, you are done with your Under grad school, 4 years of college. So, take my example. I did my masters, and my specialization was in Math. But if you want to be a computer engineer in India, you’ve to complete your Master of Science or Master of Computer Applications. But, here, all you have to do is take credits related to computers from the University and you can get a job working with computers. In India, even before the child is actually born, parents think of what they want their children to be. He will be an engineer or she will be a doctor. (Laughs) * Heart: Your son is a rising 11th grader. How do you guys handle the pressures of his life? SG: There’s a program called “Move On Ready” which allows students starting from 10th to take classes in a college near you. His entire semester course happens online. So, he has already finished a semester. And he has started his second semester. If you get a good score in SAT, you can even attend classes in a good school. He was mad at us for forcing him to come to Atlanta for visiting the temple today. He wants to go to the game tomorrow at the school, and he has a ton of homework and we made him sit for 3 hours to get here early Saturday morning. (Laughs) But we forced him to come with us because visiting the temple is equally important. You know. * Heart: Does he like Math? SG: Oh yeah. (Laughs) * Heart: Can I ask you how much you get paid? SG: Sure, a little over 60,000 dollars. But compared to my friends in the Information technology field its meager. Most of the teachers I work with get somewhere in the 50,000s. If you’re teaching 5th grade, you might get something like 40,000 dollars. Depends on your qualifications and your experience. These are the only two things that matter. If you’ve have a graduation degree, but less experienced, you can only make around 45,000 dollars. Teaching is a tough job. And sometimes, I buy my own supplies. But it depends on what you want to do for your children, no one expects you to get your own supplies but that’s something you want to do for them sometimes. I want to talk about racism, that you had asked about earlier. No one’s openly racist or anything, but I can get a sense that they don’t want me here. Because I can sense some sort of a jealousy on our education, our property, our salaries and our cars. For example, I earn more than 60,000 dollars a year, but most of the other teachers earn around 45,000 dollars. So they compare and they ask me why I earn more? They don’t take into account my experience and my qualifications. They just think, “I’m a teacher, you’re a teacher.” So, we should all be equal. But, some of the “teachers” haven’t even finished their teaching certificate course. So, they don’t even make 1500 dollars a month. They are part of the TAP (Teacher Advancement Program) program. That’s where they get trained as teachers. After taxes, they take home about 1000 dollars a month. If they take days off, they lose some more pay. But they just compare my paycheck and theirs. Most of the Indian teachers don’t take a single day off. Out of 180 working days, we are there almost 175 days. But there’re a lot of others who take 4 or 5 days off monthly. They don’t take all these into consideration when they’re comparing paychecks.  They compare the way we dress. We dress smartly, we don’t want to wear round T shirts and jeans to work. That’s just not something we do. They jealousy about that too. (sic). They used old local cars, whereas we used international cars like, Toyota Camry or Lexus. And they’ve only one car at home. We usually have two cars and our spouse is working too. Sometimes, the son can also have a car of his own. Sometimes, it gets very hard. Even from the students, its very hard to tolerate jealousy.  * Heart: So, do the children feel like they’re entitled to good grades? SG: I don’t give them what they want if they don’t deserve it. Of course, they demand you to give them a certain grade. But I tell them, “You don’t deserve, I won’t give. Show it on paper and then demand me.” (sic) For anything that they can’t produce, they need the administrator’s support. Of course, most times, the administrators don’t support Indian teachers. I feel like the school administrators are also scared in some way. If they’ve to take any action on a student that I’m having trouble with, I’ll have to produce perfect documentation. But Indians, don’t do perfect documentation. We just want to focus on our teaching. The paper work can get out of hand and its long hard work to get just one student disciplined. We don’t want to expose the misbehavior of the student in front of the parent or the school because we don’t have the perfect documentation. We just use simple words, the student is disobedient or something and its not enough to deserve punishment. They focus a lot on these shallow things and not on the content of the subject or what’s more important for the student. The kids don’t want to do anything, all they want is a good grade. The 9th and 10th graders are the toughest grades to teach. If you want to be a teacher in a high school in America, you just have to shut your ears and eyes and get into your classroom. The kids keep throwing a lot of profanity on you constantly. You can’t save your self respect in situations like these. You have 25 children in a classroom and you can’t expect everyone to behave perfectly well. Some kids are rude, some have just returned from jail, some bring knives to school. Who knows if someone’s murdered someone and is sitting in your class now? There’s a current student of mine, and she’s just returned from being in detention system for 3 or 4 years. * Heart: Do you know why? SG: Drugs, or stealing or I don’t know, it can be anything. And that’s why I tell my kids, there are cameras everywhere in Walmart and other places. Don’t steal, if you need anything ask me. (Laughs) Or most times they fight a lot. When they use profanity, all you can do is write them up. In India, you can beat the shit of that guy. You do it at school and then even at home, he’ll get a good dose of that medicine. (Laughs) Here, all I can do is documentation. And when parents come, they are surprised that their child has used profanity. (Laughs) If you have the administrator’s support, they will talk to the parents to tell them that their child is at fault. If you want teach, you can’t survive the stress for long. By evening, I am so stressed out, that I can’t do anything else. * Heart: What’s the problem, does it start at home? Are they from broken families? SG: A lot of them are children to single parents. Parents with criminal background. They bring their boyfriend or girlfriend problems to class. On guy was like, “Someone’s talking to my girlfriend, and I don’t like that” and he’s using violence against the other kid in the hallway. Bottom line is, if they would focus on their education, there wouldn’t been a need for teachers to come from India. The End.  * More on The Anonymous Manifesto™ here.  * * * Rate this: Share this: Twitter Email Facebook LinkedIn Reddit Google Related About the author Heart™ Mommy. Big Data Analyst. Writer. Bloggess. Poetess. Struggling Humanitarian. Literary Social Vigilante. Amateur Ethnologist. Single Tab Addict. Hopelessly Romantic. Aspiring Stand-up Comedian. Future Couch Potato. Wannabe Polymath. Minimalist. Heart™Author website About the post The Anonymous Manifesto High School, Inspiration, Interview, Teaching, TheAnonymousManifesto The Anonymous Manifesto™ – Ep. 5 – A Finnish grandmother with a love for sport and independence The Anonymous Manifesto™ – Ep. 3 – Rock band, Race cars and the Firebird mom – I One Comment Add yours → అనురాధ నాదెళ్ల May 29, 2017 — 3:57 am Interesting to know about a teacher from India. It is really challenging to teach high school kids. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Heart ™ © 2008 – 2017 This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License. Want to email me? Find me at Heart Blog at WordPress.com. . Up ↑ Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
KSHB Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + 7 Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Weather Cams Weather Radar Storm Tracker Weather Alerts School Closings Weather Blog Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices News + Local State US/World The Now KC Galleries Politics DecodeDC Crime Investigators Education Conquering Addiction Money + ShopSmart Business Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone Sports + Royals Chiefs Sporting KC College Sports High School Entertainment + Celebrity Movies TV Listings Right This Minute Bounce TV COZI TV The List Lifestyle + Holidays Home & Garden Family Community Calendar Food Pets Science/Tech Taste & See KC Simplemost Marketplace + BBB KC Home Improvement Specialists Video + Latest Videos Youtube Channel Watch 41 Action News Live About Us + Contact Us Contests Meet The Team Advertise With Us 41 Action News Mobile RSS Support KindKC KCLive.TV 38theSpot.com Nichols at Night Current 66 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 56° HI: -° LO: 56° HI: -° LO: 56° More Weather Traffic current alerts 1 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 3 Weather Alerts Flood Warning issued May 29 at 9:26PM CDT expiring June 1 at 10:00AM CDT in effect for: Carroll, Chariton, Saline Flood Warning issued May 29 at 9:26PM CDT expiring May 31 at 3:00AM CDT in effect for: Carroll, Lafayette, Saline Flood Warning issued May 29 at 9:27AM CDT expiring May 30 at 1:00PM CDT in effect for: Jackson, Lafayette, Ray 3 Weather Alerts Suspect dead after officer-involved shooting at Raytown Walmart 41 Action News Staff , Josh Helmuth 4:37 AM, May 29, 2017 6:18 PM, May 29, 2017 Share Article Previous Next An off-duty Jackson County Sheriff's deputy shot and killed an alleged shoplifting suspect. A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown Wal-Mart Sunday night. The deputy was injured in the incident. A Jackson County deputy shot and killed a suspect after an alleged struggle at a Raytown Wal-Mart Sunday night. The deputy was injured in the incident. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Josh Helmuth - 41 Action News Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next RAYTOWN, Mo. - Officials say the man shot and killed during a struggle with a Jackson County Sheriff's Deputy was 31-year-old Donald Sneed of Kansas City.  Police said around 9:15 p.m. Sunday an off-duty deputy working for Wal-Mart tried to stop a male suspect from shoplifting. "A struggle ensued. She was disarmed of her Taser and got out her service weapon and shot the suspect. He was transported to a local hospital where he was pronounced deceased," Sgt. John Payne with the Jackson County Sheriff's Office said. According to a release from the Jackson County Sheriff, the suspect managed to disarm the deputy of her taser and then tased her in the neck. Officials say the deputy, fearing for her safety and the safety of others, pulled out her weapon and shot the suspect.       Both the deputy and the suspect were taken to the hospital. The suspect later died, and the suspect's age is unknown at this time. The deputy was treated and released from the hospital. She will be placed on leave until the investigation is over.  Justin Coonce of Raytown was leaving the Raytown Walmart off Blue Parkway Sunday night when he saw what led up to the officer-involved shooting that left a man dead.  Coonce told 41 Action News that he and his family witnessed a "struggle" between what appeared to be two men and a police officer. Once he got closer he said he saw a fairly large man attempting to help a police officer subdue another man. Coonce said the struggle went on for "several minutes." "He was tased multiple times. I heard the taser.... he still, physically, was not fazed by it from what I saw," he said. Coonce also said there was a bystander who attempted to help subdue the alleged shoplifter during the struggle and that there's no question, to him, the officer's life may have been threatened. "My opinion is that the deputy feared for herself so she felt like she had to take the next step and use deadly force," he said.  41 Action News spoke with Florida mother Gayle Sneed, who's been told by local friends and family the victim is her son, Don Sneed.  "I'm distraught. I can't. I haven't been to bed. The sad part is nobody will tell me where my son is," she said.  Gayle Sneed says police have said very little and told 41 Action News that she desperately tried to speak with police about the whereabouts of her son to no avail.  "I've called the sheriff's department every two hours since eleven o'clock last night," she said. "I need somebody to call me and tell me that, yes, his name is Donald Sneed and that he's dead and that I can find him somewhere. I just need somebody to please answer my questions." Family in Florida are trying to get on a plane as soon as possible, coming to Kansas City to demand answers.  Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Money Sports Entertainment Life Video Weather KSHB Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff TV Listings Community Calendar KC Home Improvement Specialists Right this Minute Laff TV Watch NBC Contests Mobile Apps KSHB iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected  Facebook  Twitter  Instagram  YouTube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, May 30, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / Variety, the unexpected keep south Fayetteville funky By Stacy Ryburn This article was published May 29, 2017 at 1:05 a.m. PHOTO BY ANDY SHUPE Barry “Bear” Bramlett, owner of Bear’s Place on 15th Street in Fayetteville, speaks Thursday at the end of the bar in his bar and restaurant in south Fayetteville that features live music most nights since opening in 2012. Comments aAFont Size Patrons eat Thursday at The Green Goat on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard in south Fayetteville. Zac Ramsey, head cook at The Green Goat, ÿlls orders Thursday for patrons on Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard in south Fayetteville. A found-object metal sculpture stands Friday in front of a house at 130 E. Rock St. in south Fayetteville. Natalie Freeman, owner of the newly opened Freckled Hen Farmhouse, speaks Thursday inside her homewares store in south Fayetteville she calls a modern... Erika Wilhite, artistic director for the Artist’s Laboratory Theatre, speaks Friday in front of a full schedule of events lined up for the nonproÿt gr... FAYETTEVILLE -- Residents on the south side of town take pride in its alternative vibe. Someone painted a rainbow on a guardrail on Washington Avenue between Martin Luther King Jr. Boulevard and South Street. A handmade metal statue of a monster-looking thing looms over Jason Jones' lawn on Rock Street. Local artist Olivia Trimble's painted sign on an empty building on South College Avenue tells passers-by to "Share Something Beautiful." The area has gone through plenty of changes over the years but has seen a bit of a resurgence as of late, said Rob Lewis, co-owner of City Lumber, which has called South School Avenue home since 1959. A crop of up-and-coming businesses and young people who have taken an affinity to that part of town has played no small part in that, he said. "I think it's all good. I think it's all great," Lewis said. "I like seeing the dynamic part of it. I like to see the new people mixing in. I like the property values going up." That's not to say the area hasn't experienced loss. Marvin's IGA at 1620 S. School Ave., which served as the only grocery store within a walkable distance for many residents, closed in March. Brenda's Bigger Burger, a staple of MLK Boulevard for nearly 50 years, shut down in November 2012. Jefferson Elementary School faded away in 2007. However, an adult education center has since replaced the elementary school. The University of Arkansas has a plan to make the old burger spot a part of its art and design district. A Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market moved in on MLK Boulevard near the railroad overpass about a year before Marvin's closed. An 'organic' operation Natalie Freeman, owner of Freckled Hen Farmhouse, took advantage of the rotating cast of available spaces to give her online store a brick-and-mortar home at 572 W. Martin Luther King Jr. Blvd. The momentum she gained from social media translated to publicity with a mention in Better Homes and Gardens to feet shuffling and eyes browsing in what Freeman calls her "modern-day general store." Having a Neighborhood Market next door also helps. That and local establishments such as Crimson and Clover, Heartwood Gallery and the Art Experience in the same area help Freeman's shop blend in with the surroundings, she said. "It's been amazing. People are so excited to have something in south Fayetteville for retail," Freeman said. "I don't get why more people don't move here. It's wonderful." The city's push for infill development and encouragement of "tactical urbanism," which refers to when residents take it upon themselves to create crosswalks and other traffic safety features with makeshift materials, plays into what Jake Killcrece, 20, loves about his hometown. Killcrece and his friend Dani Knox, 20, enjoyed Thursday afternoon at the Green Goat. Neighbors created their own colorful crosswalk across South Wood Avenue and the Green Goat has its two food trucks on the corner at the four-way stop with MLK Boulevard. Owner Erin Walsh lives at the house behind the trucks and the giant mural painted by local artist Octavio Logo. "They're doing the infill thing and everything's so compact. It's feeling more like a city and not like a country town," Killcrece said. "You've got Elkins and it's just one strip, but over here you've got roads and you never know what's around the next corner. You just drive down here and you see this place." Knox said something like food trucks on someone's front lawn and residents painting all over the street would never fly in southern California, where she's from. "It's pretty illegal," Knox said. "You'd have like five permits and people coming by all the time. We have some hole-in-the wall places, but nothing like this." Walsh said the Downtown General zoning district allows her to live and operate her business on the same property. She loves how everyone helps each other in south Fayetteville. Often she'll trade food for someone to remove invasive plants from the yard. Rather than shoo away homeless people, she'll offer them what she can. "It truly is an 'organic' operation," Walsh said. 'We complement each other' The Planning Commission in April approved a conditional use permit so the Artist's Laboratory Theatre can be in a former church at 1030 S. College Ave. Artistic Director Erika Wilhite said the program's popularity grew after moving its office and a stage to the building late last year, garnering positive and negative attention from neighbors. "We were like, 'Oh no wait, this is starting to shape our identity.' So, we went door to door and we got 17 surveys from our immediate neighbors," she said. "To their faces, we asked them how are we doing, what can we do differently and also what programming do you want to see? We took advantage of that opportunity to meet everyone." The nonprofit group uses a variety of venues across Northwest Arkansas but has set its anchor in south Fayetteville. The idea is to have the arts reach people who wouldn't otherwise get such exposure, like at-risk youth, jail inmates and the homeless. Neighbors also use the space to hold community meetings. Wilhite wasn't sure if the operation would mesh as well in other parts of town. "This area suits our identity better," she said. "We complement each other." Business owners of the area also help each other out. Wilhite said Bear's Place, which lies on 15th Street between a family farm where folks pick their own strawberries and a Christian preschool, offered to hold a fundraiser for the Artist's Lab. "Bear," or Barry Bramlett, opened the bar/restaurant/venue for fledgling artists with the style of '90s Dickson Street in mind. Boars' heads, antique guns and vintage signs adorn the walls inside Bear's Place. Outside, the front door indicates the place opens "when the door is unlocked" and closes "when Bear feels like going home." Bramlett has a calendar book filled with acts he has never heard of and he prefers it that way. By his own account, the bands he does know are "so damn good it'll knock your socks off." Others end up being a pleasant surprise, like a woman Bramlett booked who presented nothing more than a business card. "She comes in here and she sat on that stage for three hours and sang a cappella," he said. "You know what a cappella is? It was really pretty frigging incredible. And she didn't have no front teeth. She came up here in a cab and she got out and I'm like, 'Oh God, what have I done?'" The spontaneity of the musical acts, and of south Fayetteville, was an easy draw for Bramlett, who could have spent his years resting on his laurels. Instead, he operates Bear's Place seven days a week. "I retired from AT&T and I'm like, what was I thinking? What the hell was I thinking?" he said jokingly. "I could be riding a motorcycle. I could be, like, doing nothing right now. Mowing my yard, taking care of business at home. But no, somebody said, 'Buy a bar man, it's fun.'" NW News on 05/29/2017 Print Headline: South Fayetteville funky for all Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More NWAnews Summer jobs out, teen CEOS in Variety, the unexpected keep south Fayettevil... Open Mondays new court option in Rogers Bentonville School District seeking recycling... Cave Springs Council to reconsider community ... Man, woman killed in two road wrecks Benton County marriage licenses Benton County lawsuits filed Washington County marriage licenses More NWAnews stories > Comments on: Variety, the unexpected keep south Fayetteville funky To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Protest sparks Texas lawmaker threats of gun violence (18 comments) BRADLEY R. GITZ: The fate of Trump (21 comments) At home, Trump faces growing inquiries (33 comments) Merkel: U.S. no longer reliable (10 comments) Trump condemns killing of pair who tried to stop racist rant (6 comments) Montanan facing assault charge wins seat (56 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Publications Blooming Prairie Leader Faribault Daily News Janesville Argus Le Center Leader Le Sueur News Herald Lonsdale Area News Review Northfield News Owatonna People's Press Scene St. Peter Herald The Kenyon Leader Waseca County News 55° Broken Clouds Faribault, MN (55021) Today Clouds early, some clearing late. Tonight Cloudy skies early, then partly cloudy after midnight. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low 49F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 29, 2017 @ 10:14 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Search Publications Blooming Prairie Leader Faribault Daily News Janesville Argus Le Center Leader Le Sueur News Herald Lonsdale Area News Review Northfield News Owatonna People's Press archives arts_and_entertainment business community contact_us elections forms anniversary birthday births classifieds customer_support engagements hello_beautiful historic_pages letters obituaries submit_news wedding news local nation region state world obituaries opinion recent_comments scff daily_schedules fair_talk judging_results scff_news_tidbits stories_and_news site special_sections sports weather word_received Scene St. Peter Herald The Kenyon Leader Waseca County News Close Gov. Terry Branstad laughs at a joke during a hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on his nomination to become U.S. ambassador to China. Branstad reports assets as part of ambassador application Erin Jordan he Gazette May 29, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago (…) Gov. Terry Branstad laughs at a joke during a hearing before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee on his nomination to become U.S. ambassador to China. TownNews.com Content Exchange DES MOINES | Former Gov. Terry Branstad reported at least $1 million in assets — and possibly as much as $3.3 million — as part of a federal financial disclosure report required for his application to be U.S. ambassador to China. Branstad stepped down as Iowa’s longest-serving governor Wednesday before taking the oath as U.S. ambassador. Included among more than 50 companies in which Branstad owns stock are 14 he says he will divest to avoid a potential conflict of interest in China. “I am committed to the highest standards of ethical conduct for government officials,” Branstad wrote in a March 23 letter to the U.S. State Department. The two-page letter with the subject line “Ethics Undertakings” was one of two documents The Gazette obtained last week through the federal Freedom of Information Act. The other was Branstad’s Public Financial Disclosure Report, filed with the U.S. Office of Government Ethics, which outlines the former governor’s assets, including investments, savings accounts, real estate holdings and liabilities. The disclosure is required of people seeking senior level positions in the U.S. government. “You can’t be in a position to benefit from your ambassadorship,” said Ron McMullen, a career diplomat who served as U.S. ambassador to Eritrea from 2007 to 2010. McMullen is now the University of Iowa’s ambassador in residence, teaching courses on comparative politics, diplomacy and international politics. “The rule of thumb is an ambassador can’t actively be managing investments that happen to deal with the country to which he or she is ambassador to,” he said. “So if an asset is doing business with China or investing in China, and you’re ambassador to China, you can’t actively manage that, so it has to be put in a trust or you have to divest in it.” Avoiding conflict of interest Branstad’s promise to sell stock in 14 companies, including Apple, PayPal, Deere and Co. and Wal-Mart, within 90 days of confirmation came because those companies “have been deemed to present a significant risk of a conflict of interest,” according to a State Department response to The Gazette. “The assets that Ambassador Branstad is retaining have either been deemed not to present a significant risk of a conflict of interest at this time, or are currently subject to a de minimus exemption under the ethics regulations,” the agency reported, referring to exemptions for small investments. Deere and Co., based in Moline, Ill., has extensive manufacturing operations in China as well as other countries. Ken Golden, global public relations director for the company, said in March he was pleased to see Branstad considered as ambassador because Branstad knows agriculture and has been an advocate for international trade. Branstad says in the March 23 letter he will have a “covered relationship”  with the state of Iowa for one year, which means he’ll need to seek specific permission to participate in any matters involving Iowa and China. The State Department said this is “standard language” for someone who has previously served as a state governor. “Ambassador Branstad will receive ongoing guidance about the matters that federal ethics law permit him to participate in,” the agency said. Financial disclosure Branstad’s financial disclosure report, at eight pages, is significantly less complicated than the 104-page report filed by Donald Trump last year when he was running for president. The reports provide some idea of a senior government official’s assets — but because each asset is listed with a value range, the grand total also has a wide range. For example, the value of Branstad’s stock in Casey’s General Stores, headquartered in Ankeny, is listed as $15,001 to $50,000. His total assets are valued at as little as $1.08 million and as much as $3.33 million, according to the report. Branstad lists 55 companies in which he owns stock, with the total value of those investments between $114,000 and $885,000. The companies include automotive (Axalta Coating Systems and Advance Auto Parts), medical (Diplomat Pharmacy, GlaxoSmithKline and Allscripts Healthcare Solutions), energy (Whiting Petroleum, TransCanada and Kinder Morgan) and financial (Wells Fargo and Co., West Bancorporation and Comerica Inc.). Chris Branstad, Branstad’s wife, has investments in Berkshire Hathaway ($1,001 to $15,000) and Diplomat Pharmacy ($1,001 to $15,000), the report states. Real estate While Trump’s real estate holdings include Trump Tower in Midtown Manhattan and Mar-a-Lago golf resort in Palm Beach, Fla., Branstad’s commercial real estate is in places such as Lake Mills, a Northern Iowa town of 2,000 where Branstad operated a law office and served as state representative before becoming lieutenant governor in 1979. Branstad also owns parcels in Lake Park, Sibley, Seymore, Olin, LeClaire, Joice, Dunlap, Bode, Exira, Guttenberg, Lohrville, Manly, North English and Packwood. This land or property is worth between $960,015 and $2.35 million, the report states. Also listed among Branstad’s assets is an annual salary of $150,000. Branstad’s official salary as governor was $130,000 in fiscal 2016, but it’s possible he was including travel and subsistence — an additional $14,282 last year. He doesn’t give the value of his state of Iowa defined benefit plan, but said it yields about $2,900 per month in retirement payments. For liabilities, Branstad listed two mortgages, one for a personal residence valued at $100,001 to $250,000 and one for a rental property valued at $50,001 to $100,000. ‘Very lengthy process’ The Gazette requested from the State Department and the Office of Government Ethics all of Branstad’s application materials. The OGE responded March 23 saying it was withholding 53 pages of notes and emails between the office and the State Department as “predecisional deliberative process material,” which is exempt from FOIA. “The disclosure ... would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy,” the OGE said in the letter. McMullen, a Northwood, Iowa, native who has lived in, worked in or traveled to 105 countries, remembers filling out his financial disclosure report to be considered as a foreign ambassador.  “It’s a very lengthy process,” he said. “It’s like filing a tax return and having it audited twice.”  This article originally ran on siouxcityjournal.com. Tags Chris Branstad Economics Company Finance State Department Commerce Asset Ambassador Ron Mcmullen Terry Branstad University Of Iowa Locations Iowa Most Popular Articles Images Videos Articles Faribault motorcyclist dies in crash near Shields Lake No injuries reported after SUV drives into lake Woman charged with hitting, threatening to kill officers Four students found responsible for high school pigeon prank Law enforcement searching for Waterville man after incidents Waseca chosen as filming location for DuPont Pioneer commercial A heartfelt goodbye to Sibley Elementary - Northfield's best-kept secret Lakeside getaway now in county hands Greenvale Park selects Northfielder as new principal COURT REPORT: Woman charged after picking up backpack filled with drugs Images Videos Public Notices City, Township, County and School District notices. Submit an Event Upcoming Events May 29 Memorial Day in Kilkenny Mon, May 29, 2017 @ 8:30 am May 29 Memorial Day Parade and program Mon, May 29, 2017 @ 9:00 am May 29 Saint Vincent de Paul Mon, May 29, 2017 @ 9:00 am May 29 Osteoporosis Prevention and Reversal Exercise Program Mon, May 29, 2017 @ 9:30 am May 29 AA Big Book Meeting Mon, May 29, 2017 @ 9:30 am Around the Web Branstad reports assets as part of ambassador application Priyanka Chopra says Indians face a 'struggle' in Hollywood The Square wins the Palme d'Or at Cannes Andy Serkis gets fan impressions while shopping Newsletters Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. Faribault Daily News Morning Report Delivered Tuesday through Saturday mornings. Kenyon Leader Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Le Center Leader Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Le Sueur News Herald Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Lonsdale Area News Review Weekly Newsletter Delivered Tuesday morning. Northfield News Morning Report Delivered Tuesday through Saturday mornings. Owatonna Peoples Press Morning Report Delivered Tuesday through Saturday mornings. Southernminn Business Report Delivered Tuesday through Saturday mornings.  St. Peter Herald Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Waseca County News Morning Report Delivered Wednesday and Saturday. Manage your lists Sections Classifieds e-Edition Online Features Weather Services Advertise APG Media Careers Contact Us Contest Rules Delivery / Refund policies Local Ads Privacy Policy Terms of Service Contact Information http://southernminn.com 514 Central Ave. Faribault, MN 55021 Phone: 507-333-3111 Email: sgett@faribault.com © Copyright 2017 Southernminn, 514 Central Ave. Faribault, MN | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home E-Edition Classifieds Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcams Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Food stamp cuts could ripple through American economy May 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump - 11 comments By CANDICE CHOI Associated Press NEW YORK – A proposal to curtail the nation’s food stamp program would pinch families struggling to pay for groceries and ripple through other areas of the economy, including supermarkets and discounters, as people shuffle their budgets. President Donald Trump is proposing a roughly 30 percent reduction in the federal budget for the program formally known as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, or SNAP. His overall budget proposal met a chilly reception from lawmakers, and is unlikely to be passed as is. But it suggests increasing work requirements for SNAP recipients, and says states should both share in the cost of the program and determine the level of benefits they provide. That would lead to fewer people in the program, or could reduce how much help they get. Last year, more than 44 million people received an average of about $125 a month in SNAP benefits, totaling about $66.6 billion, according to the U.S. Department of Agriculture. How any cuts would play out across industries would depend on how people adjust to pay for food, how reliant a retailer is on SNAP spending and other factors. SNAP households are already on extremely tight budgets. To qualify, a family of four’s take-home pay can be no more than $2,025 a month, while a two-person household can earn no more than $1,335. More than 260,000 locations were authorized to accept SNAP credits last year. Superstores such as Wal-Mart and Target got 52 percent of redemptions, supermarkets like Kroger got 30 percent, and convenience stores got about 6 percent, according to the USDA . The rest was split among other kinds of stores. The USDA doesn’t specify how much is spent at specific retailers. But in 2013, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. told the Wall Street Journal that it gets about 18 percent of total SNAP benefits. That would have been about $13.43 billion in 2012. Since food is a fixed cost, retailers have said that people used money intended for other purposes to pay for groceries after a recent pullback in the program. “They’re paying cash or on a credit card if they didn’t have the food stamps. And then they will give up on something else,” Kroger’s CEO at the time, Dave Dillon, said in December 2013. That was after the SNAP benefits that were expanded during the recession returned to their previous levels. Last year, the SNAP program also underwent cuts when 22 states reinstated a three-month limit on benefits for unemployed adults who aren’t disabled or raising children and don’t meet certain work requirements. That limitation had been waived by some states during the recession. A report by the USDA in 2010 said boosting SNAP benefits during economic downturns starts a “multiplier process” in transactions and consumption. It found that boosting SNAP expenditures by $1 billion was estimated to increase economic activity by $1.79 billion. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit Tumblr More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Email Print Telegram Related 11 thoughts on “Food stamp cuts could ripple through American economy” raycity222 May 29, 2017 at 1:37 am The rich are told to pay their fair share,how about the rest pay their own way. Log in to Reply philthy May 29, 2017 at 9:03 am The problem with that is the super rich control exactly how much the working man makes. So essentially the super should be over taxed for the mess they created. Explain to me Ray, why anyone needs to earn more than 1 million dollars per year? Someone like me or you could live like a king with that amount of money. But it’s not enough for the greedy scum that were born with a gold spoon in their mouth and never had to worry about bills, or their next meal, or a roof over their head. Instead of increasing hourly pay for workers, companies increase the pay of their CEO. It amazes me how brainwashed working people have become. So many actually praise the amount that the super rich make. That’s money coming out of you pocket. But instead blame the poor. Most of whom are too stupid to compete for the minimal amount of jobs out there. It’s not 1950 where you could walk into Scovil’s or Anaconda Brass and get a job. Why is it different now? Because greedy super rich moved the jobs overseas because they didn’t wanna pay you a fair wage. And now it’s damn near impossible to reverse. I know Trump wants to, but you can’t force companies to return their factories to the US. But somehow this is all the fault of the poor even though they control nothing. Stop praising the super rich. They don’t care about you. Not one single bit. Most of them I’d say over 95% were born rich. They didn’t do a thing to “Earn it”. Remember this. Starting with a dollar and making into 1 million dollars is 10 times as hard than starting with 1 million and making into 10 million. Log in to Reply philthy May 29, 2017 at 9:06 am One more thing, I respect Fred Trump, the man who really did start an empire. Not his son who inherited what his dad created. Log in to Reply freepress May 29, 2017 at 5:47 am Obama waived the work requirement to obtain welfare benefits, therefore it should be reinstated to the benefit of towns, the state and federal government, while having able bodied recipients put some “sweat equity” into the benefits they receive as well as giving them skills that can be used at new employment and an item for their resume or list of jobs held on an employment application. No way should they be getting a totally free ride, because the current status discourages them from seeking gainful employment. Workfare should again be the rule of the land! Log in to Reply sargoniv May 29, 2017 at 6:42 am I see some disingenuous hypocrisy, or perhaps just ignorance in the above comments. I’m speaking of the Fed. income tax mortgage deduction that is allowed for middle and upper middle and upper class home owners. The mortgage deduction which is only available to the groups I just mentioned is a give away of the Fed. Gov. that the poor or lower classes are denied. I’m sure the mortgage deduction that Free and others, including myself , have taken and saved thousands of tax monies each year amount to a hell of a lot more than somebody’s SNAP benefits or even Section 8 benefits. So while you holier than thou people slam the poor, you are dipping into the largesse of the Feds to a much greater extent with the MID that some hungry person on Sec. 8 benefits. Log in to Reply philthy May 29, 2017 at 9:08 am Thanks sarg, you’re exactly correct. Log in to Reply gas289 May 29, 2017 at 1:26 pm At least we worked for the benefit! Their not denied anything! They the ones able should get up off their but and work for it! Log in to Reply gas289 May 29, 2017 at 1:54 pm butt ctme May 29, 2017 at 7:06 am I believe in cutting the workable people. As a CNA , I see so much fraud in the HUD and food stamp programs. Like keeping all the bills under one persons name. But having rent or extra money coming in from room mates. Boyfriends selling street drugs💊 so they get to drive in luxury cars and wear expensive clothes . Come on America open your eyes. Maybe we should just give it to our veterans and elderly that worked all their life! Log in to Reply allphie May 29, 2017 at 12:19 pm Taxpayers shouldn’t subsidize coke, Pepsi and Frito lay, that’s for sure! Log in to Reply gas289 May 29, 2017 at 1:19 pm Lobster ,shrimp , ice cream, donuts, …. Log in to Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National U.S. vacation numbers are likely to top last year’s Airline fares stay relatively stable May 29, 2017 - National, Top Stories - Tagged: Memorial Day, United Airlines - no comments DALLAS – If you’re planning a big vacation trip this summer, move over. You’re going to have lots of company. By air or car, traveler numbers are expected to rise over last year thanks to a decent economy and stable… Read Post → Researchers test self-destructing moth pest May 29, 2017 - National - no comments ALBANY, N.Y. – Researchers in a New York cabbage patch are planning the first release on American soil of insects genetically engineered to die before they can reproduce. It’s a pesticide-free attempt to control invasive diamondback moths, a voracious consumer… Read Post → Muslims thankful for support after rant, deadly attack May 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, Islam, Police, Social media - no comments PORTLAND, Ore. – Muslims in Portland, Oregon, thanked the community for its support and said they were raising money for the families of two men who were killed when they came to the defense of two young women – one… Read Post → Police: Domestic dispute leads to 8 deaths May 28, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, Domestic violence, Police Towns: Litchfield Hills, Warren CT - no comments BROOKHAVEN, Miss. – A man who got into an argument with his estranged wife and her family over his children was arrested Sunday in a house-to-house shooting rampage in rural Mississippi that left eight people dead, including his mother-in-law and… Read Post → 8 dead in shooting rampage in Mississippi; suspect arrested May 28, 2017 - National, News - Tagged: Bogue Chitto, Brookhaven, Domestic violence, Mississippi, shootings Towns: Litchfield Hills, Warren CT - no comments BROOKHAVEN, Miss. (AP) — A man who got into an argument with his estranged wife over their children was arrested in a house-to-house shooting rampage in rural Mississippi that left eight people dead, including a sheriff’s deputy. “I ain’t fit… Read Post → AP source: Kushner sought secret back channel with Russia May 28, 2017 - National, News, World - Tagged: Ambassader Sergey Kislyak, Jared Kushner, President Donald J. Trump, Russia, Syria - no comments WASHINGTON (AP) — Jared Kushner, President Donald Trump’s son-in-law and a top White House adviser, proposed a secret back channel between the Kremlin and the Trump transition team during a December meeting with the Russian ambassador to the U.S. Kushner… Read Post → Portland mayor praises men killed during anti-Muslim rant May 28, 2017 - National, News - Tagged: anti-muslim rant, Crime, Portland, ramadan, stabbings - no comments PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — The mayor of Portland, Oregon, hailed as “heroes” two men who were stabbed to death trying to protect two women police say were the target of an anti-Muslim rant by a man on a light-rail train… Read Post → Super opioids can give rescuers contact high Drug epidemic’s surprise side effect May 27, 2017 - Featured, National - Tagged: Crime, Heroin, Police, webextra - no comments BEL AIR, Md. – As Cpl. Kevin Phillips pulled up to investigate a suspected opioid overdose, paramedics were already at the Maryland home giving a man a life-saving dose of the overdose reversal drug Narcan. Drugs were easy to find:… Read Post → Police: Suspect in Portland stabbings ranted about Muslims May 27, 2017 - National, News - Tagged: Crime, Islam, Police, Social media - 8 comments PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) — Police say they’ll examine what appears to be the extremist ideology of an Oregon man suspected of fatally stabbing two men who tried to intervene when the suspect yelled racial slurs at two young women who… Read Post → Trump faces new questions in Russia probe as trip winds down May 27, 2017 - National, News - Tagged: Donald Trump, European Union, Social media, Taxes, Terrorism - 4 comments TAORMINA, Sicily (AP) — President Donald Trump faced new controversies over his team’s possible ties to Russia as he closed out his first trip abroad Saturday, a grueling five-stop sprint that ended with the promise of an imminent decision on… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News Housing project on track in Waterbury 3 hours ago Annual Kent community picnic goes on as scheduled 3 hours ago Gunnery graduate to pursue her ‘Promise’ 3 hours ago Large crowd for indoor ceremony at Cornwall 3 hours ago Parade goes on in Kent 3 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community    Graduations    Honor rolls Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Entertainment Videos    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    Wheels News    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls How do you plan to travel this summer? Plane Train Car Bus Boat Bike Hike I'll stay home View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments raycity222 on Furthermore omr on Trend in CEO pay endangers nation belowme on Bear conflicts on rise gas289 on Bear conflicts on rise todd on Bear conflicts on rise Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 05/27/2017 05-10-28-55-67 PB-09Next Drawing: Wed. May. 31Next Jackpot: $302.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $187.3 Mega Millions for 05/26/2017 25-26-28-37-56 MB-05 MP-3Next Drawing: Tue. May. 30Next Jackpot: $65.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $40.2 Lotto! for 05/26/2017 01-13-16-25-35-39Next Drawing: Tue. May. 30Next Jackpot: $2.3 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,874,000 Lucky for Life for 05/29/2017 20-25-29-30-37 LB-01Next Drawing: Thu. Jun. 1 Cash5 for 05/29/2017 01-24-29-33-34 Upcoming Events May 30 Tue 9:00 am Live Well Workshop @ Prospect Senior Center Live Well Workshop @ Prospect Senior Center May 30 @ 9:00 am – 11:30 am Six-week interactive workshop will focus on exercise, improving nutrition and appropriate use of medications for those who have health conditions such as diabetes, high blood pressure, heart disease, arthritis and other chronic diseases, through The program will be led by representatives from Chesprocott... 4:00 pm Computer/Device Help for Older A... @ Howard Whittemore Memorial Library Computer/Device Help for Older A... @ Howard Whittemore Memorial Library May 30 @ 4:00 pm – 8:00 pm Are you having trouble mastering computers, laptops, e-mail, Facebook, online job applications, or a device like an iPad or Android? We’re a proud recipient of a grant from the Connecticut Community Foundation’s Lifelong Libraries Pathways Initiative. Syed Arshad, a seasoned... 4:30 pm Senior Fitness and Cardio @ The Watermark at East Hill Senior Fitness and Cardio @ The Watermark at East Hill May 30 @ 4:30 pm Celebrate National Senior Health and Fitness Day with The Watermark at East Hill! To engage residents and the Southbury community and stress the importance of physical activity among seniors, The Watermark will host a senior fitness and cardio class on... 6:30 pm Beginner’s Meditation Workshop @ Prospect Library Beginner’s Meditation Workshop @ Prospect Library May 30 @ 6:30 pm The workshop will be presented by Tia Mandrozos. Call to reserve a space. 7:00 pm Bucks Hill Community Club Meeting @ Bucks Hill Community Club Bucks Hill Community Club Meeting @ Bucks Hill Community Club May 30 @ 7:00 pm C.J. May will present an entertaining and informative guide to recycling, and Steve Allen will serve his popular ice cream sundaes. A wreath-laying ceremony will be held at the flagpole monument in observance of Memorial Day. All residents of the... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads More Featured Ads Comments Popular Today Week Month All Trend in CEO pay endangers nation Bear conflicts on rise Food stamp cuts could ripple through American economy Police: Suspect in Portland stabbings ranted about Muslims A $5.1M 'waste of money' Today Week Month All Bear conflicts on rise Andrew C. Derwin Andrew P. Morrone Meeting to discuss termination canceled after Wolcott teacher resigns Loss of Winsted grocery saddened longtime patrons Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican-American 389 Meadow St., Waterbury CT 06722 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai 19 Memorial Day Sales To Save In-Store and Online Catie Keck International Business Times May 28, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Aside from the many barbecues, events and parades taking place over the course of Memorial Day weekend, shoppers are eagerly looking forward to Monday’s sales for opportunities to save big. According to a report from WalletHub, more than 41 percent of Americans are likely to take advantage of Memorial Day deals — and brands and retailers are rewarding shoppers both online and in stores with massive savings. As International Business Times reported in past years, shoppers can expect to save big in-store at department stores like Kohl's, Nordstrom, Macy’s, J. C. Penney and big box retailers like Walmart and Target. According to a ChargeItSpot study published Wednesday, 76 percent of shoppers at malls across the country who planned to shop on the holiday said they’d opt for brick-and-mortar locations over online shopping.  Read: Memorial Day NYC Events 2017: 6 Fun Things To Do In New York City But online retailers are offering up some excellent deals as well, so shoppers who’re looking to avoid the masses are just as likely to save more than a few bucks. Apparel brands like Ralph Lauren and Eddie Bauer are offering 30 and 40 percent savings, respectively, while tech retailers like Dell and Best Buy will reward customers looking to invest in new gadgets. As Forbes noted Friday, Aritzia, Steven Alan, Uniqlo and Net-A-Porter are all offering weekend discounts as well. Below IBT has rounded up savings from DealsPlus, Coupons.com and a select few others from across the web. But savvy shoppers who know exactly what they’re in the market for should also check their favorite brands and retailers for last-minute for otherwise unadvertised savings online. Below, see some of the best savings for both in-store and online shopping: Amazon : Up to 70 percent off across categories American Eagle : 30 percent off sitewide; extra 60 percent off clearance Art.com : Up to 50 percent off sitewide Bloomingdale’s : Up to 60 percent off; extra 20 percent off most sale items Calvin Klein : 40 percent off sitewide Bed Bath and Beyond : Savings on mattresses and more; 50 percent off fashion bedding; free shipping on orders over $29 Best Buy : Up to 40 percent off appliances; free delivery on major appliances over $399 Dell : $300 off PCs; up to 50 percent off electronics and accessories eBay : 20 percent off $50 or more with code P20MEMDAY through 5/29 Eddie Bauer : 40 percent off everything with code HONOR through 5/30 GAP : 40 percent off purchases and free 2-3 day shipping with code WKND H&M: Deals from $5; up to 60 percent off and free shipping Kate Spade : Extra 25 percent off sale styles with code REFRESH Macy's : In-store sales and 20 percent off online with code SUNNY; or $10 off $25 with code SUNNY25 through 5/29 Michael Kors : Extra 25 percent off Memorial Day Sale on handbags, wallets and more through 5/29 Nordstrom : Up to 40 percent off “on-trend” clothing, shoes, accessories and more during its “Half-Yearly Sale” Ralph Lauren: Extra 30 percent off Memorial Day Sale with code MEMDAY through 5/30 Tory Burch : Up to 50 percent off handbags, wallets, shoes and more Urban Outfitters : Up to 50 percent off during “Long Weekend” sale SaleMore Memorial Day sales will be big on Monday, May 29, 2017. Photo: Getty Related Articles 17 Summer-Themed Songs For Your Memorial Day Playlist Memorial Day NYC Events 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Tiger Woods speaks on DUI arrest: 'Unexpected reaction to prescribed medication' 4457 reactions4%70%26% Memorial Day observed across the U.S. 255 reactions8%68%24% Donald Trump acted like 'a drunk tourist' on Europe trip that led Angela Merkel to proclaim end of US alliance 2881 reactions5%59%36% Former Panama dictator Manuel Noriega dies at 83 135 reactions9%69%22% JFK at 100: Remembering John F. Kennedy on his 100th birthday 445 reactions7%72%21% Security expert's 'Warnings' on the future of national security Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 77 reactions5%79%16% Ivanka Trump's blog tweets something dumber than her father on Memorial Day 2902 reactions5%61%34% Bryce Harper throws helmet, punches as brawl erupts with Giants 1131 reactions4%71%25% Tiger kills zookeeper at Hamerton Zoo Park in England 214 reactions4%72%24% Rolling Thunder, French Open, Manchester tribute and more — it happened today: May 28 in pictures 30 reactions12%67%21% Climate for conflict: Fighting to survive in Somalia plagued by drought 3 reactions0%100%0% Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 64 reactions9%65%26% White House officials 'convinced they may be victims of deep state conspiracy' 5348 reactions4%60%36% 3-Week-Old Dies in Dog Attack After Being Left Alone With Family's Three Pit Bulls 3549 reactions5%58%37% Portland mayor aims to nix free-speech rally, fears 'hatred' 2163 reactions4%61%35% Portland mayor aims to nix free-speech rally, fears 'hatred' bctallis: 3 days later he apologizes for something that HE fueled. He is repulsive. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.2k
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Tuesday, May 30, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Education Student of the Week: Ariana Escobar, Glass City Academy BLADE STAFF Published on May 29, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Ariana Escobar Enlarge FAVORITES: School Subject: American History Hobbies: Listening to music Store: Walmart Musical Artist: Dej Loaf, Jacquees Movie: Stepbrothers TV Show: Family Guy   FAST FACTS: Last Book Read That Wasn’t Required: Black Like Me Person You’d Like to Meet: Jacquees Person Most Admired: Mr. Jesse, Ms. Santacroce Item always in your locker: Perfume First Job: San Marcos Top Accomplishment: Coming to high school and being successful   FUTURE: After Graduation Plans: I want to go straight to school so that I can graduate from college before I am 21. I would like to have my own apartment before I am 20. I’d also love to have my own car Career Goal: I’d like to go to Owens Community College for nursing, and get my associate’s degree Quote from teacher: “Ariana is one of the most sincere, smart, motivated, and strong people I have ever met,” said counselor Alyssa Santacroce. “She had persevered through many hard circumstances and continues to amaze me each day at her ability to stay positive and successful. She’s a lovely young woman and it has been an absolute delight being able to see her grow and flourish. We all wish her the very best and will be extremely excited to read her name at graduation. Best wishes, Ariana!” - Information is compiled for The Blade by the Educational Service Center of Lake Erie West. Related Items student of the week , Ariana Escobar Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Scroll to Top Menu HOME Science news politics business tech news weird sports entertainment TV lifestyle humour social media rss twitter youtube gplus facebook Contact Us ADVERTISE ARCHIVES Privacy Policy (World) The Hottest Stories on the Internet Today (Monday May 29) By David Koech   /   Monday, 29 May 2017 06:35AM   /     /   Tags: The Hottest Here are the stories making headlines today. Trump, feted and chided abroad, returns to uncertainty Swinging over the green Ionian sea Saturday, his first foreign trip behind him, President Donald Trump was in a valedictory mood. This is what Trump body language tells you As President Donald Trump’s first official trip abroad comes to an end, handshakes and facial expressions could give us a small glimpse into his personality. What we learned about Melania Trump from her first international trip As the overseas debut of President Donald Trump and first lady Melania Trump draws to a close — the couple is set to return to Washington this weekend — there was the usual bluster and bravado from the President. UK reduces terror threat level to ‘severe’ Britain’s terror threat level has been reduced to “severe” from “critical,” UK Prime Minister Theresa May said Saturday after meeting with security chiefs. Uber CEO’s mother dies in boating accident: ‘Unspeakable tragedy’ The company, in a statement on Saturday, called the incident an “unspeakable tragedy” and said that Kalanick’s father remains in a “serious condition.” Kalanick’s mother, Bonnie, was 71. “Our thoughts and prayers are with Travis and his family in this heartbreaking time,” the Uber statement reads. Tillerson declines to host Ramadan reception In an apparent break with a nearly two-decades long bipartisan tradition, Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has declined to host an event commemorating the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, according to two administration officials familiar with the decision. Utah woman locked kids in trunk while she shopped, police say A woman is facing child abuse charges after she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at a Walmart in Utah, police say. Prince Harry hosts Obama at Kensington Palace Prince Harry welcomed Barack Obama at Kensington Palace in London on Saturday during the former President’s latest stop in Europe. Passenger jumps off plane onto tarmac An airline passenger was arrested after he tried to bite a flight attendant, opened the plane’s door and jumped to the tarmac in Charlotte, NC, authorities said. Homer Simpson inducted into the Baseball Hall of Fame. D’oh! Although it’s no longer “America’s favorite pastime,” baseball is still at the heart of the county’s popular culture and, along those lines, its Hall of Fame just hit a home run by adding Homer Simpson to its ranks. Burger King upsets actual king with Belgian ad The king of Belgium is apparently not amused by his appearance in a recent Burger King ad. The country’s royal family contacted the fast food chain this weekend over an online ad that asks people to choose between its mascot and a cartoon image of King Philippe, the BBC reports. British Airways suffers major IT outage, cancels and delays flights worldwide Technology isn’t going so well for British Airways. The airline suffered a major IT outage on Saturday and canceled all its flights leaving from London’s Heathrow and Gatwick airports before 6 p.m. local time. Outside of London, British Airways passengers faced extreme delays and were stuck on the tarmac for hours. Uber is only legal in London for 4 more months London isn’t totally sold on Uber. The city’s transportation authority, Transport for London, renewed Uber’s license Friday – but only for four months. Uber’s current 5-year license, which it won in 2012, expires May 30. Uber wants another five-year agreement – not a measly four-month extension. Justin Trudeau and Emmanuel Macron should just get matching jackets already The seemingly already robust friendship between Justin Trudeau and Emmanuel Macron is the toast of the internet after the two shared a nice moment in an Italian garden this week. But honestly? It’s time for these two to take their friendship to the next level. Matching jackets. Dad pranks his son at school in the most embarrassing way possible Some parents are embarrassing. Then there’s Justin Beadles. Justin’s 15-year-old son, Jack, had his last day of junior high recently, so to make it very memorable, Justin decided to pull a super embarrassing prank on his kid. French officials investigating if Apple devices played a role in 2016 EgyptAir crash French officials have opened an investigation into the possibility that a deadly Egypt Air crash in May 2016 could have been caused by a fire resulting from two Apple products overheating. ‘Game of Thrones’ Season 7 trailer hits viewing record The real-world stakes for Game of Thrones may not be as high as in this grisly fantasy, but a win is still a win. The Season 7 trailer, released Wednesday, became the highest viewed television trailer on the internet, setting a fine standard for the show’s buzziest season yet. President Trump left TripAdvisor reviews for the Middle East and just, wow President Trump wants to voice his opinions on the Middle East and no, not through some archaic Washington-insider liberal elitist speech. The man wants to communicate his worldview the best way he knows how – by yelling on the internet. Report: Trump Tells ‘Confidants’ U.S. Will leave Paris Climate Deal U.S. President Donald Trump has told “confidants,” including the head of the Environmental Protection Agency Scott Pruitt, that he plans to leave a landmark international agreement on climate change, Axios news outlet reported on Saturday, citing three sources with direct knowledge. Trump Declares Victory, Heads Home To Face More Russia Scandal SIGONELLA, Italy – President Donald Trump came overseas, he saw and he conquered – at least in his own mind, as he declared success Saturday to hundreds of U.S. service members before heading home from his first foreign trip. Trump Delays Final Decision On Paris Agreement Until Next Week The White House will decide next week on whether to remain in the Paris Agreement, the historic climate 2015 pact President Donald Trump vowed to withdraw from during his campaign last year. In an announcement harkening to a characteristically reality TV cliffhanger, the president teased his decision in a tweet on Saturday morning during a summit with the Group of 7 industrialized nations in Italy, where the U.S. Philippines President Duterte Says His Soldiers Can Rape During Martial Law Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte – congratulated last month by Donald Trump for his murderous war on drugs – told his soldiers that he will back them up if they rape women while enforcing martial law. It was apparently intended as humor, and drew stinging rebukes from human rights and women’s organizations. Newly Single Leonardo DiCaprio Surrounded By A Bevy Of Models In Cannes Looks like Leonardo DiCaprio is doing just fine after that breakup. The newly single actor, who split with his model girlfriend Nina Agdal earlier this month, was spotted in Cannes on Thursday at the amfAR Gala, surrounded by a bevy of beautiful women including Bella Hadid and Rita Ora. Kumail Nanjiani Tells Grads To ‘Have Sex With An Immigrant’ Things may feel a little tense for immigrants in America these days, but comedian Kumail Nanjiani has a plan to make things feel a little more relaxing for everyone. “Have sex with an immigrant,” Nanjiani told the graduates of Grinnell College during a commencement speech. Loading... President Uhuru Threatens To ‘Expose’ Chirau Mwakwere < Previous WATCH: Ringtone’s Music Video for New Single ‘Nomination’ Next > Recommended stories you may like: Kenyans are Not Happy That Jubilee is Printing T-Shirts in China… But NASA is Also Doing it Joho Sets Stage for Showdown as He Promises To Attend SGR Launch How Wetangula and Mudavadi Lost Their Mobile Phones on Sunday Police Gun Down Second Female Gangster and Her Boyfriend in Kayole (Graphic Photos) The Latest How Wetangula and Mudavadi Lost Their Mobile Phones on Sunday Police Gun Down Second Female Gangster and Her Boyfriend in Kayole (Graphic Photos) All The Trending Images in Nairobi This Tuesday GOOD NEWS as KCC Slashes Price of Milk Beginning Today Hilarious Meme Compilation (Tuesday May 30) Ouch!! Shaffie Weru Went All The Way to London to Watch His Team Lose to Arsenal H_art The Band Members Arrested After Dramatic Police Car Chase at Koroga Festival Colonel Mustafa: I Dumped Virgin Gospel Singer Because I Could Not Wait for S*x Until Marriage Ringtone: Groove Awards are Hypocrites and Have Run Out of Ideas CRAZY! Babu Owino Discloses Origin and Different Uses of the Word ‘Tibim’ This PHOTO of Eric Omondi Looking Like Vera Sidika is Cracking Up Social Media Watch Victoria Kimani’s Video For “Fade Away” Featuring South Africa’s Donald Loading... Copyright 2016 © Nairobi Wire Media. All Rights Reserved.         Contact Us    About Us    Our Team
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Coffee Makers Microwaves Vacuum Cleaners Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Top Radar Detectors Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Top Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Top DSLR Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions 4k TVs Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Sports & Outdoors Camping Gear Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Top Chef Knives Coolest Gadgets Cool Furniture Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Services ▸ Home and Lifestyle Services ▸ iTunes vs. VUDU (comparison) Home and Lifestyle Services iTunes vs. VUDU (comparison) Kristie Bertucci Updated August 3, 2015 Shares The war on movie services continues, but this time neither of the contenders offer monthly subscription services. Instead, both iTunes and VUDU are individual rental movie services, where you only pay for what you want to watch and in what quality you want to watch it in. You also have the option to purchase the movie, but you’re not going to be forking over one-flat fee for all sorts of content, making these two services quite costly if you love to watch movies all the time. But for those who are habitual users and only want to pay for what they want to see, read on to see how they stack up against each other. Background Wal-Mart Stores bought video-streaming service Vudu.com a while back and it’s a service that allows you to stream directly to your compatible device via the Internet. The account is free and you only pay for whatever movies you watch since it’s an on-demand service. Many who are familiar with iOS and Apple’s Macs already know that iTunes is the place to get all your music downloads, store your MP3s and movies, and get apps and more. It’s the one-stop shop for your iOS devices basically. User Friendly Signing up with both VUDU and iTunes is free. Like all other services, you go through a signup process, where you pick out a username and password that allows you to access your account. Both allow you to browse around before even signing up so that you can easily check out the selection. Once you create an account, you can browse around on any of the compatible devices listed for both below. Winner: Tie Compatible Devices Since iTunes is iOS based, it’s limited in devices you can use to watch movies. So you have any iOS-based device (iPhones, iPads, iPod Touches and, of course Mac computers (and PCs if you download iTunes for it). Oh, and there’s Apple TV, too, which requires you to either buy or rent the movies via iTunes. Once you’ve done this on the Apple TV interface, you can download the movie to your computer running iTunes, too. VUDU works on a lot more devices than iTunes. So in addition to your iOS-based devices mentioned above, it’s available on PC computers, gaming consoles like PS3 and Xbox 360 (only if you have a LIVE Gold membership), in addition to a lot of other Internet-connected Blu-ray players and HDTVS. That basically means almost any device with Internet access really. Just go on the site and under the “Devices” tab, you can easily check out all the models that it works on (way too many to list). Winner: VUDU is compatible with more devices Titles According to VUDU, they have more than 20,000 titles to choose from, with more and more being added all the time. A good thing about it is that a lot of the releases include newer titles that have just been released on DVD and Blu-ray (many even the same day of release). They have a lot of HD movie options, too. iTunes say they have more than 75,000 digital downloads, with about 3,000 of those available in HD (and that’s including both movies and TV shows). VUDU also has TV show options available, but iTunes has the most current episode to date while VUDU has older seasons. Winner: VUDU has a lot of titles, but iTunes takes the cake with their whopping 75,000 digital downloads. Membership Perks Since both services don’t require a monthly membership and are more of movie-a-la-carte services, both offer various advantages to their service. VUDU provides an instant $5 credit for new members and provides movies that are in HDX quality that will totally enhance your viewing experience as if you were in the theatre (but probably with a way smaller screen). The streaming movie service can stream in 1080p and has rich Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 surround sound if you have the right home entertainment theatre system to support such massive audio. And because it’s a streaming service, the content starts right away. Also, you can watch the first 10 minutes of some movies for free to see if you’re down with it or not so that you don’t have to waste your cash if doesn’t catch your attention within the first couple of minutes (newer titles usually go up to two minutes plus they have the trailers, too). VUDU also offers a cool Collections tab that has more sub-tabs, with one being “Showcases” that shows you sale, reduced price and other discounted content you can watch without having to pay full price. Then when you refer a friend, you get a $3.99 credit! So even though it’s a pay-per-watch service, you can really save some cash on certain titles. And you can buy the movies (in most cases) if you want to keep them. VUDU also just started offering its Disc to Digital program that works with Walmart where you convert your old discs (some titles are not included) into digital copies on your VUDU account, even allowing you to upgrade old discs into HDX copies for a small fee at various Walmart location. iTunes is more of a download service and doesn’t allow you to stream. Movies are purchased or rented, with many HD options available. If you like shows, you can easily buy the entire season, even the most current one with new episodes automatically added to your account after they air. You can watch rentals for a certain time period and when it expires, the downloaded content is gone. And with AirPlay you can play content on your iPhone, iPad or iPod touch on your HDTV via Apple TV. iTunes also offers lots of movie trailers so you can see what’s coming out in theaters soon. Sometimes it the main site for movies and shows on iTunes will provide discounted items. You can’t test out the movies like VUDU, but you can watch the movie’s trailer. You also have the option to pre-order movies that are coming out soon. Winner: VUDU offers WAY more advantages. Content Both are pretty even on this level. iTunes has a movie catalogue that features movies and stuff from the likes of many big studios, including 20th Century Fox, Warner Bros. Walt Disney Pictures, Paramount Pictures, Sony Pictures and Universal Studios. They also work with lots of TV channels to offer the latest episodes on many of your favorite shows. Then again, VUDU also has all the big movie deals given they release content as soon as it hits DVD. Winner: Tie since both offer a wide array of content, which is why they have so many titles each Speed of Service VUDU streams movies, so you can watch instantly, while you have to download it from iTunes, which can take a while depending on your Internet service, your phone service for mobile devices, etc. BUT< you don’t have to wait for the download to completely finish before watching the movie.You can also watch some of the movie on your Mac, then halfway through, transfer to your iPod or iPhone and pick up watching where you last left off. VUDU’s minimum speed requirements for its services is: 480p: 1 Mbps for SD; 720p: 2.25 Mbs for HD; and 1080p: 4.5 Mbps for HDX.  Winner: VUDU streams faster with less delays Quality It’s pretty even here, too, since both offer HD quality movies and TV shows in 720p and 1080p. VUDU has some 3D titles (but you need 3D devices to watch them in 3D obviously). But VUDU does offer that Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 surround sound providing a slight edge over iTunes. Winner: VUDU has 3D movies and that Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 Limitations So iTunes used to offer TV show rentals, but they got rid of that option in August 2011 and VUDU offers that still. With iTunes Apple TV, movies rented on the device aren’t allowed to be transferred to other devices so that’s not good. For those who don’t have Apple TV, they have to buy other special cables so they can watch from their computer or another device on your TV. VUDU doesn’t offer an Android-based app, so that sucks. For VUDU, people who want to download the moves to their iPhones or iPads can stream movies but can’t keep them on their device. Winner: VUDU has less limitations Price Both offer content-on-demand services with options to rent or buy so you pay for what you want to watch and/or buy. For iTunes, newer releases will run you about $3.99 for SD and $4.99 for HD options. Usually older movies are cheaper like about $2.99. If you to actually buy the content, you’ll going to pay anywhere between $10.99-$14.99 for SD versions, with HD ones going up to $19.99 and up. TV shows are usually more to buy since they include a lot of episodes. VUDU prices vary a bit and can cheaper than iTunes, especially with discounted ones on that special VUDU page. Some titles cost $2 to rent for two nights, others are about $5, with HDX options the most expensive ones. For newer SD movies, you’ll pay $3.99 and HD titles go for $4.99, but you even have the choice to go with HDX for $5.99. Owning them is about the same as iTunes. Winner: Tie since both offer around the same prices for the majority of content Overall Winner Despite both being a buy-want-you-want movie service, VUDU offers a bit more for your buck, making it the winner in our comparison. Since you’re only going to pay for what you want, you might as well get the most out of the experience and VUDU has multiple options in terms of quality, offers 3D movies and that Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 is pretty nice. The fact that you can test out movies before you buy is also a good thing and all those discounts on the site always make watching movies you wouldn’t usually want to rent at its regular price totally worth the try! Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Kristie Bertucci Kristie Bertucci is an L.A.-based writer, who can't live without her MacBook Pro. When she's not writing, she's either reading or shopping (online, of course) and loves lazy days so she can catch up on her DVR-recorded shows and movies. She's definitely a Mac girl, she loves music and is currently on a mission to to have an insane and enviable iTunes library. Sponsored Content Related Posts iLoad Your iPod without a Computer iTunes Radio Review Hulu Set To Charge Monthly Subscription Fee, Called Hulu Plus Amazon Video On Demand Now Available On All Panasonic VIERA CAST TVs, Includes 500 HD Titles Spotify vs iTunes Match (comparison) Bundle Up Your Telecom Services and Save Big 11 Comments to iTunes vs. VUDU (comparison) Mike E on One important (to me) fact was omitted…. I am returning from flying overseas . When you land in another country, Vudu kicks you out and you can not sign into your account. All your downloads “expire” until you return to the US. In Tahiti I downloaded and watched “John Wick II” from iTunes. Bottom line : Vudu won’t work on return flights once you have left and the US. iTunes will. Reply Fee on I have all Apple products and love them. I enjoy iTunes but I find myself going more toward VUDU when it comes to looking, buying, renting movies. I guess it is because it is very user friendly, there are good deals and freebies. I have both a BluRay player with VUDU on it as well as an AppleTV, MacBook, and Apple iPhone. So if you have both ways to utilize iTunes and VUDU you really can’t lose out on what they both offer. Neat to have “Blockbuster” in your home so to speak, ya know? => Reply Denz on VUDU all the way. Nice big boobs Kristie.. Reply Brady Gorman on I actually use both. With iTunes, the picture quality is slightly higher with an Apple TV and some even offer the same bonus features as their Blu-ray/DVD counterparts, but I can get better quality digital copies with Vudu (for a little extra). Also, one just may have a movie that the other doesn’t. Since they’re both free in terms of membership, I’d say you wouldn’t go wrong using both. Reply Michael tristan on Inherently flawed reasearch and especially flawed writing EXAMPLE: “Winner: VUDU has a lot of titles, but iTunes takes the cake with their whopping 75,000 digital downloads.” iTunes wins this but either poor writing or a clear bias makes Vudu appear to win this… This is so ridiculous, ill stop here.. A technologically advanced back end will never overcome a lack of content. Reply Graydon Patterson on one detail you left out, VUDO wont work in Canada, itunes will Reply David on I have used itunes to purchase movies and redeem digital copies for years and I prefer vudu by a long shot now. For starters if you buy a blu ray disk that includes a digital copy shouldn’t that digital copy also be in HD? Well most of the itunes digital copies are SD with no option to upgrade to HD. I alzo love the disk to digital service offered by uv/vudu. For renting movies I love it because most new titles are available the they are released on dvd and they are all available in HD. I wish i could transfer all of my itunes purchases to uv/vudu. Reply James on Kristie.. Great article! Are those real? Reply Long time movie watcher on Wow, I have both and while your article is extensive it is heavily biased. The title should be renamed to why you like VUDU. As an example of proof, you list VUDU as being compatible with more devices but don’t go into to many details then towards the end you mention it’s not compatible with Android. Seems kinda left out of your scoring. Also I didn’t notice any mention that VUDU really doesn’t work well on iOS devices. Checkout the reviews of their app for yourself. That being said I own more on iTunes I own more yet I’ve watched more rentals on VUDU. They are almost apples and oranges but I still prefer buying Blu-rays and renting from Blockbuster. Reply CJ on I have both and will be using VUDU for all of my future purchases since I am able to watch directly from my blu-ray player, TV and gaming console. When she says VUDU works on more devices she is talking about the VUDU app which is native on most blu-ray players, gaming consoles and TVs. Reply Jacko on Thanks Kristie. Trying to work thru the maze of offerings is tough. This was pretty darn good. You are soft on the eyes and thats only a plus. Appreciate your commentary and homework. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,764 Fans 13,820 Subscribers 11,387 Followers Top Home and Lifestyle Service Reviews Netflix vs. Hulu Plus: The Rematch in 2014 (comparison) 6 More Obscure HBO Shows To Start Streaming From Prime (List) DISH Customers Can Nix Annoying Wires With The Wireless Joey Want HBO Without Cable? It's Possible! Google Play Reportedly Offers One-Time Free Nexus 5 Replacement Best Amazon Prime Review YouTube Creates New Home For Your Favorite Music Videos, Reveals Monthly Subscription Service (video) HBO Standalone Streaming Due in Time for Game of Thrones Premiere Netflix App Now Available with Dish Network Sling TV Review: An Internet TV Solution That Simply Works What is Hulu Plus? 8 Best Apps for Cutting the Cord Netflix vs. Amazon Prime vs. Hulu Plus Sling TV Adds AMC To Lineup, Launches Today Bond: Send Hand-Written Letters/Cards Without Hand Cramps HBO Go Hits the PS4, Well Ahead of Game of Thrones Premiere Dish and DirecTV Channel Guide HBO Now Available Through Apple Devices, Starting April 10 Reasons to Get Hulu Plus Dish Network Updates Dish Anywhere App with Personalization Features Amazon Prime Now 1-Hour Delivery Heads to Dallas Sling TV Gets HBO Ahead of Game of Thrones Premiere Spotify Offers Video, Podcasts, and More in Massive Update Showtime Standalone Service Arrives in July, Cheaper than HBO 8 Best Apps for Cutting the Cord AT&T Offers New DIRECTV Services with its Wireless Plans Amazon Prime Now Allows Movie And TV Downloads LG Offers Free Smart TV Upgrade, DirecTV Services for Sept. 21st DISH Network Review, A Hands On Experience DISH Network and DirecTV Channel Guide Comcast Testing Unlimited Data For $35 a Month Comcast's Stream TV Doesn't Affect Data Caps: Will the FCC Ban It? Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
Man Arrested for Allegedly Stealing Hundreds of Dollars Worth of - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 Opioids, Overdoses and Options News Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports High School Basketball Scores Inside Track WV Illustrated Video Community The Wedding Zone 2017 Community Calendar Fill Your Plate in the Mountain State Hooked on Science What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away Salute My Dad Contest 2017 Youth Tennis Clinic Giveaway 2017 About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 Man Arrested for Allegedly Stealing Hundreds of Dollars Worth of Meat Posted: Sunday, May 28, 2017 7:38 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 28, 2017 7:38 PM EDT By Shannon Clowe, Reporter/Weekend Anchor Email Connect sclowe@wvnstv.com SOUTH CHARLESTON, W.Va. - According to our sister station, WOWK, 36 year-old, Charles Riffle of Hurricane was arrested for allegedly stealing hundreds of dollars of meat from the Southridge Walmart. South Charleston Police said Riffle left the store with a shopping cart containing $416.24 worth of stolen meat. When approached by law enforcement, Riffle fled, but was quickly apprehended. Riffle resisted arrest and police found almost a gram of methamphetamine and six Xanax pills on him. Riffle is charged with three counts of obstructing an officer, fleeing, two counts of shoplifting, possession of a schedule I, and schedule IV controlled substance. Riffle also gave a false name during booking to try to conceal the fact that he had two active warrants. PhotosMore>> 59News Crew's Moms 59News Crew's Moms Updated: Friday, May 12 2017 2:45 PM EDT2017-05-12 18:45:27 GMT Happy Mother's Day from the 59News Crew. Here are some pictures of us and our lovely mothers.  Happy Mother's Day from the 59News Crew. Here are some pictures of us and our lovely mothers.  Top VideoMore>> Crossfit Bluefield Holds Murph Workout In Honor Of Fallen Servicemen And Servicewomen Crossfit Bluefield Holds Murph Workout In Honor Of Fallen Servicemen And Servicewomen Memorial Day Ceremony Held In Bluefield Memorial Day Ceremony Held In Bluefield Fayette County Resort Gaining National Recognition White Sulphur Springs church seeks help to feed flood workers White Sulphur Springs church seeks help to feed flood workers Busy roads expected for Memorial Day Weekend Busy roads expected for Memorial Day Weekend    WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
toggle menu Be The Boss Kids Edition She's the Boss Entertainment Love & Relationships Hair Fashion Health MN Business Parenting #BlackExcellence From Entertaining to The Food Industry Sponsored by: Comcast 2 hours ago  |   By LexiWithTheCurls 0 Comments You don’t really think of celebrities also being chefs and owning restaurants, but that’s another way they build their wealth. Let’s take some cues from these celebrities that know how to dominate in entertainment and food. Snoop Dogg This West Coast rapper is insanely popular worldwide. It’s not just his songs, but also his exuberant and funny personality that will definitely have you laughing. Why wouldn’t he be a great host of a TV show? You can find Snoop on Vh1’s “Martha Stewart & Snoop Dogg’s Potluck Dinner Party” where they cook for their celebrity friends. Serena Williams Mom-to-be Serena is not only one of the biggest tennis stars in the world, but she is also a business woman. She invests in athletics, fashion and is even a franchise owner of Jamba Juice. Jamba Juice is known for their fruit smoothies and healthy pudding cups. Patti Labelle Famous singer Patti Labelle can cook her butt off. We’re sure you remember the popular Patti’s Sweet Potato Pie a couple of Thanksgivings ago. They were sold out EVERYWHERE and memes swarmed the internet about how good her pies were. Since then, she has expanded to banana pudding and other items sold exclusively at Wal-Mart. Laila Ali Knock-out boxing beauty Laila Ali, daughter of Muhammad Ali, is a beast in the ring and a beast in the kitchen. Making her famous recipes like Oven Fried Chicken, she can be seen whipping up delicious meals on The Cooking Channel, FYI TV, The Steve Harvey Show and more. Magic Johnson Retired basketball player Magic Johnson knows a thing or two about investments and being successful after his basketball career. In addition to having ownership in multiple sports teams, add Starbucks, Burger Kings, and TGIFridays to the list. Magic Johnson Enterprises is valued at around $1 billion dollars. View Comments Comment Disclaimer: Comments that contain profane or derogatory language, video links or exceed 200 words will require approval by a moderator before appearing in the comment section. XOXO-MN Stay in the know. Sign up for the newsletter. Facebook http://Comcast Twitter Entertainment Love & Relationships Hair Health Privacy Terms of Use Advertising About Contact Us MadameNoire is a sophisticated lifestyle publication that gives African-American women the latest in fashion trends, black entertainment news, parenting tips and beauty secrets that are specifically for black women. Black women seek information on a wide variety of topics including African-American hair care, health issues, relationship advice and career trends - and MadameNoire provides all of that. MadameNoire ® Copyright © 2017 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved | BHM Digital
REGISTER | LOGIN PROFILE | LOGOUT Sign Up / Sign In {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome Back {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Registration Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* displayName *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* addressCountry *} {* companyName *} {* eetimesJobfunction *} {* jobFunctionOther *} {* eetimesIndustry *} {* industryOther *} {* optInRegistration *} {* optAgree *} {* optShare *} {* siteName *} {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank You for Registering Please wait you will be redirected shortly. Create New Password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email below, and we'll send you another email. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close About Us Home News Opinion Messages Authors Video Slideshows Teardown Education EELife Android Automotive Embedded Industrial Control Internet of Things MCU Medical Memory Open Source PCB Planet Analog Power Management Programmable Logic Prototyping SoC Test & Measurement Wireless & Networking Big Data Breaking News NEWS & ANALYSIS: Intel Inside DJI Mini-Drone NEWS & ANALYSIS: Big Data Reshapes Silicon NEWS & ANALYSIS: LinkedIn Group Preps Server Specs NEWS & ANALYSIS: Samsung Targets 4nm in 2020 NEWS & ANALYSIS: Western Digital Reportedly Ups Bid for Toshiba Memory SPONSORED: Stopping Attacks: Security for Next Generation IoT ... Blog Wanna Cry Exposed Heathcare's Ills Rudy Ramos 5/30/2017 00:01 AM EDT  0 comments   post a comment NO RATINGS Login to Rate Tweet The crippling software attack on the British National Healthcare Service could put information sharing standards back by ten years. The Wanna Cry ransomware attack forced Britain's NHS to cancel surgeries. The software seized and locked computer files until a ransom was paid. It also crippled computers in Russia and China, an estimated 100,000 machines worldwide. The NHS disruption is especially troubling as people may have been on the operating table when the attack hit. The ease with which Wanna Cry did this implies a great deal about the poor state of the global information security industry. The infected systems were simply using old, unpatched versions of Microsoft Windows. Mouser Electronics wrote a blog about the ease with which secure sensor networks could implement a patient monitor, only to be embarrassed by this hangnail in the data gathering system. Ideally, you want to make it easy for non-technical workers to add data-gathering nodes to a patient monitoring network in a hospital. On the other hand, you don’t want ease-of-use to be high jacked and held for ransom. Bringing down the computerized records of a hospital is damaging enough; imagining what hackers could do with kidnapped nodes on the Internet of Things is a terrifying prospect. Infected institutions used older, unprotected versions (in some cases bootlegged versions) of Microsoft’s popular OS because of budgetary or administrative constraints. The NHS is not a small operation. The agency deals with more than a million patients every 36 hours. It employs more than 1.5 million people, putting it among the top five of the world’s largest workforces, behind the U.S. Department of Defense, McDonalds, Walmart and the Chinese People’s Liberation Army. It may seem obvious that hospitals in the NHS would have robust cybersecurity strategies to prevent disruptions. But a Freedom of Information Act request by American software company Citrix last year showed that 90 percent of NHS hospitals had computers that were still running Windows XP. The costs of goods and services turn out to be a major inhibitor in the system. Paid entirely with annual tax revenues (roughly $155 billion in U.S. dollars), the government-run NHS treats people for free. This means there is practically no money available for IoT spending, let alone an operating system upgrade. Rather than investments in big iron such as CAT scanners and Magnetic Resonance Imaging systems, we perceive a movement toward using mobile devices including cell phones as wireless patient monitors. The adoption of wireless electronic health records (EHS), expected to exceed $23 billion in revenues in 2018, is one indication of this trend. An EHR is more than just a digital version of a paper chart on a clipboard at a nurses’ station. They now include patients billing data and demographics, medical histories, medications, diagnostics and recommended treatments. EHRs also encode specialist data such as those used by laboratories, medical imaging facilities, pharmacies, and emergency rooms. The good news is good security exists at the level of wireless patient monitors Bluetooth low-energy (BLE) and near field communications (NFC). NFC requires transmitting-and-receiving devices to be in very close proximity to each other. Thus, NFC provides physical security by making it tough to eavesdrop or create man-in-the-middle attacks. Additional security may be needed for over-the-air wireless. BLE uses a 128-bit encryption code and specialized decryption key generation that offers excellent protection from passive eavesdropping. Bluetooth also can prevent man-in-the-middle attacks to HTTPS, a popular security log-in protocol that unfortunately is only used by five percent of the world’s computers. --Rudy Ramos is the project manager for the Technical Content Marketing team at Mouser Electronics. Email This Print Comment Comments View Comments: Newest First | Oldest First | Threaded View [close this box] Be the first to post a comment regarding this story. Most Recent Comments                 5/30/2017 2:04:02 AM TFCSD Well the company seems to be going down for the third time. Talked to a former company engineer recently laid off and he said the company has been doing the same things as in... 5/30/2017 2:04:02 AM TFCSD Well the company seems to be going down for the third time. Talked to a former company engineer recently laid off and he said the company has been doing the same things as in... 5/29/2017 9:56:57 PM resistion The doses here of ~30-40 mJ/cm2 are still too low, need something like 60-80 mJ/cm2, to address shot noise. https://www.jstage.jst.go.jp/article/photopolymer/29/6/29_797/... 5/29/2017 9:49:13 PM resistion The gap resolution between line end tips is an issue for EUV. Again the illumination doesn't match this part of the pattern very well. 5/29/2017 8:46:31 PM resistion Yes, never believed their PCM denial. 5/29/2017 8:01:08 PM realjjj BTW in case you missed it, Techinsights is taking a look at XPoint http://www.techinsights.com/about-techinsights/overview/blog/intel-3D-xpoint-memory-die-removed-from-intel-optane-pcm/ 206.5mm2,... 5/29/2017 6:43:54 PM emesdoublee Is there going to be an arm core on my toilet? I'd like to monitor my urine and feces output on a per visit to my bathroom basis. Hey, maybe I can attach an ARM processor IOT... 5/29/2017 6:30:20 PM emesdoublee Come on guys, really? IOT, AI, Autos. Is EE times just skank to get paid for hyping nonsense. Now ARM is going dominant number one in AI machines. Intel is number one softbank.... 5/29/2017 6:02:13 PM emesdoublee I think this is just a bunch of hype. Everyone always has to jump on all these bandwagons. I'm in AI, Autos, IOT, Quantum computing. It seems every company is in the hottest market.... 5/29/2017 1:06:48 PM MeasurementBlues @emesdoublee, While I agree that EE Times needs a mobile version, you really haven't added anything to this conversation beyond your first post. Navigate to Related Links ARM Cores Target AI-powered Future SPONSORED: Stopping Attacks: Security for Next Generation IoT Products and Applications China Set to Rewrite FD-SOI History SPONSORED: Wideband I/Q Demodulation for Zero-IF High Dynamic Range Receivers Renesas Getting Healthy with Healthcare Cartoon Contest May 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "Fun house" "Your caption here!" 75 comments All Cartoons April 2017 Cartoon Caption Contest: "April showers" Edgar's manager regretted asking him for a presentation on cloud services. 88 comments All Cartoons Most Commented Most Popular  23   Solid State Batteries Aim to Top Li-ion  22   Where Do You Stand on Science March?  22   Engineering Ed Stuck in the Past  18   TSMC Expects First-Half Smartphone Slump  17   Hon Hai Bids $27 Billion for Toshiba Chip Unit  16   DSL Pioneer Describes Terabit Future  15   AMD Goes Epyc for Data Centers  15   5 Unresolved Issues Facing Robo-cars  15   Four Grand Engineering Challenges  14   Qualcomm: Apple's Real iPhone Competitor  14   NI's New CEO: Automotive To Be Key Opportunity  7   Is Elon Musk's Brain Cap Viable?  3   Western Digital Reportedly Ups Bid for ...  3   Samsung Targets 4nm in 2020  2   Sony Launches First Three-Layer, 960 fps ...  2   Big Data Reshapes Silicon  2   Robo-car Redraws Auto Landscape  2   ARM Cores Target AI-powered Future  2   DRAM Price Surge Continues  2   China Set to Rewrite FD-SOI History Like Us on Facebook EE Times on Twitter follow us Tweets about "from:eetimes" ASPENCORE NETWORK EBN | EDN | EE Times | EEWeb | Electronic Products | Electronics-Tutorials | Embedded | Planet Analog | ElectroSchematics | Power Electronics News | TechOnline | Datasheets.com | Embedded Control Europe | Embedded Know How | Embedded News | IOT Design Zone | Motor Control Design | Electronics Know How | GLOBAL NETWORK EE Times Asia | EE Times China | EE Times India | EE Times Japan | EE Times Taiwan | EDN Asia | EDN China | EDN Taiwan | EDN Japan | ESM China | Working With Us: About | Contact Us | Media Kits Terms of Service | Privacy Statement | Copyright © 2017 AspenCore All Rights Reserved To rate this item, click on a rating below. [close this box]   To save this item to your list of favorite EE Times content so you can find it later in your Profile page, click the "Save It" button next to the item.   If you found this interesting or useful, please use the links to the services below to share it with other readers. You will need a free account with each service to share an item via that service. Tweet This [close this box] Latest News Semiconductor News Blogs Message Boards Advanced Technology Analog Boards/Buses Electromechanical Embedded Tools FPGAs/PLDs IP/EDA Logic & Interfaces Memory Operating Systems Optoelectronics Passives Power Processors RF/Microwave Sensors & Transducers Test & Measurement EETimes University Tech Papers Courses    Fundamentals Webinars Design West DesignCon ARM Techcon
Coolest Gadgets - the ongoing search for the coolest gadget continues... Signup Via RSS Coolest Gadgets on Facebook Coolest Gadgets on Twitter Home Store Categories ▾ Gadget Gift Picker Gift Guides About Apple ▸ iPad Gadgets iPhone Gadgets iPod Gadgets Macs Audio/Video Gadgets Bluetooth CES Childrens Gadgets Conceptual Gadgets Cooking Gadgets Cool Clocks Digital Picture Frame DIY Gadgets Drinking Gadgets E-book readers Eco Gadgets Electronic Gadgets Gadget Competitions Gadget Gift Ideas Gadget Humor Gadget of the Week Gadget Reviews Gadget Thumbs Gaming Gadgets Gift Guides GPS gadgets Home Gadgets ▸ Garden Gadgets Home Automation Kitchen Gadgets Home Theater Medical Gadgets Military Gadgets Miscellaneous Gadgets Mobile Phones Office Gadgets PC Gadgets ▸ Software USB Gadgets Pet Gadgets Photography Remote Control Retro Gadgets Robot Gadgets Senior Living Site News Solar Powered Gear Sports ▸ Biking Gadgets Fitness Gadgets Football Gadgets Golf Gadgets Spy Stuff Tablets Tech News Toys ▸ Remote Control Toys Travel Gadgets Vehicle Gadgets Wacky Gadgets Wearable Technology Subscribe to Newsletter Audio/Video Gadgets JLab Audio wireless earbuds collection expands by Edwin - on May 29th, 2017 We are all about living out the wireless lifestyle these days, and it is almost unthinkable not to have a working Wi-Fi network in the vicinity at a decent working speed whenever we are at a hipster cafe or at a public area. Well, wireless does not only extend to just having a Wi-Fi network, there are also wireless connections that allow you to hook up a camera with your computer for easy data transfer, and for sporting enthusiasts as well as the more active minded, to be able to enjoy music without getting all riled up by a tangled mess. JLab Audio has just announced an expansion of its wireless earbuds collection that will now arrive with Bluetooth connectivity. Placing a strong emphasis on great fit as well as audio delivery across its whole Bluetooth collection, the three new products that will join the wireless earbuds collection are the $24.99 JBuds Pro Bluetooth, the $29.99 Metal Bluetooth and the $39.99 Fit 2.0 Bluetooth. You can find them at Walmart, Best Buy, Dick’s Sporting Goods and other retailers, or online at jlabaudio.com. Regardless of which particular model that you decide on, all of them will boast of a strong Bluetooth 4.1 connection alongside a 6-hour battery life that should be able to cater for just about any kind of day-to-day activity without missing a beat. It will also be able to offer consumers with an easy wireless experience, as the in-line remote is located on the right side so that the user can make use of all the controls in a jiffy. You can play, pause, track change, and adjust the volume accordingly. There is also an integrated microphone that allows you to receive or reject calls with just a click. Since it has also been designed to keep your fitness goals in motion, each earbud will feature an IP55 dust and sweatproof rating, delivering all day comfort. All models will boast of additional gel eartips, Cush Fins (on the Pro and Wired), or Memory Wire on the Fit2.0. Press Release Related Posts Rapoo delivers new Bluetooth 4.0 portable speakers with NFC technology JLab Audio reveals a pair of wireless sport earbuds for the active Facebook Twitter Google Tumblr Email Pocket Pinterest « iMCO Technology reveals CoBand K4 fitness tracker The Knog Oi Bicycle Bell politely moves pedestrians from your path » Write a review or comment Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website You may use <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong> in your comment. Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Top Categories Apple Childrens Gadgets DIY Gadgets Electronic Gadgets Home Automation Home Gadgets iPad Gadgets iPhone Gadgets Kitchen Gadgets Office Gadgets PC Gadgets Spy Stuff Toys Vehicle Gadgets Latest Posts The Knog Oi Bicycle Bell politely moves pedestrians from your path iMCO Technology reveals CoBand K4 fitness tracker Elgato Thunderbolt 3 Dock to assist you in your connectivity issues Polar A370 fitness tracker aids in your fitness and sleep as well The Firebuggz Fishing Pole will let you fish for S'mores Yevo 1 wireless headphones target the active minded The Litter Kwitter Toilet Training System – No More Sand! Belkin reveals its new Pocket Power series Follow @CoolestGadgets Subscribe to Newsletter Cool Gadgets Contact Us About Gadget Gifts Submit News Gift Picker Privacy Copyright 2005-2017 Coolest-Gadgets.com, all rights reserved Powered by Wordpress Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sign in or Subscribe See Offers News News Home Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine’s Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Home High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Community Opinion Opinion Home Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Sustainable Living Things To Do In Maine Obituaries Pressherald.com Mainetoday.com Events Classified Real Estate Local Offers Jobs Purchase Photos Public Notices Puzzles Sudoku Crossword e-Editions Newsletters My Account Support Home Delivery Help FAQ Reader Services Contact Us Subscribe Advertise Special Sections Open Centralmaine Home Menu News News Senate leader McConnell forced to juggle demands on health care bill More Headlines Belfast man, 71, dies after being Tasered by police Readfield conflict of interest case appealed in court More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: Maine's Opioid Crisis Nation & World Politics Sports Sports Even for sports traditionalists, Predators’ bandwagon an easy one to join More Headlines Andrew McLaughlin wins Coastal 200 Homans Path brings Acadia fans home More in Sports High School Sports Boston Red Sox College Portland Sea Dogs Outdoors Opinion Opinion Our View: New Orleans mayor’s words ring true on Memorial Day More Headlines Maine Compass: Remember those who died this Memorial Day Today’s editorial cartoon More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Community Community Leo Club holds induction ceremony in South China More Headlines Benefit dance, silent auction planned for June 2 Hall-Dale Empty Bowls event set for June 1 More in Community Celebrations Obituaries Lifestyle Lifestyle Movie Times More Headlines What’s the best Adirondack chair for your backyard lounging? TRAVELIN’ MAINE(RS): ARIZONA More in Lifestyle Sustainable Living Food Books Things to do in Maine Sudoku Crossword Local Offers Local Offers Test More Headlines More in Local Offers <div style="display:none;">test</div> Real Estate Real Estate Make your back yard an oasis this summer More Headlines 1043 High St., West Gardiner Super-simple ways to build a deck that’s friendly to bare feet More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Public Notices Jobs Subscriber Log in Welcome Log Out Subscribe   News Posted Yesterday at 3:46 PM Updated May 29 increase font size Morning Sentinel May 29 police log Waterville area police reports for May 29, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN CANAAN, Sunday at 5:49 p.m., theft was reported on Hinckley Road. 6:12 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Cabin Road. 8:02 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Stoney Park Drive. IN CORNVILLE, Sunday at 10:35 a.m., theft was reported on Molunkus Road. 1:22 p.m., threatening was reported on Huff Road. IN DETROIT, Monday at 3:16 a.m., trespassing was reported on Brann Place. IN EUSTIS, Monday at 10:49 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Flagstaff Road. IN FAIRFIELD, Sunday at 11:41 a.m., theft was reported on Norridgewock Road. 2:17 p.m., a vehicle fire was reported on Valley Farms Road. 5:03 p.m., trespassing was reported on Kennebec Street. 9:19 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Liberty Street. 9:26 p.m., a bail violation was reported on Cashman Street. 9:33 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Hutchins Road. 10:51 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Main Street. IN JAY, Sunday at 9:15 p.m., an assault was reported on Main Street. IN MADISON, Sunday at 11:14 a.m., theft was reported on Old Point Avenue. IN NORRIDGEWOCK, Sunday at 6:51 p.m., an assault was reported on Gilman Drive. IN PITTSFIELD, Sunday at 9:15 a.m., trespassing was reported on Ryan Court. IN SKOWHEGAN, Sunday at 11:46 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Leavitt Street. 2:19 p.m., a disturbance was reported on East Chandler Street. 4:20 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Mill Street. 6 p.m., a disturbance was reported on North Avenue. Monday at 1:41 a.m., an assault was reported on North Avenue. IN WATERVILLE, Sunday at 6:12 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Main Street. 9:32 a.m., theft was reported on Chaplin Street. 10:02 a.m., criminal mischief was reported on Louise Avenue. 10:40 a.m., criminal mischief was reported on Eustis Parkway. 12:13 p.m., theft was reported on King Court. 12:54 p.m., theft was reported on Ticonic Street. 1:46 p.m., a city ordinance violation was reported on Spring Street. 3:19 p.m., shoplifting was reported at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 3:43 p.m., threatening was reported on Silver Street. 4:05 p.m., a drug offense was reported on North Street. 5:04 p.m., a domestic dispute was reported in Waterville Commons. 5:56 p.m., harassment was reported on Halde Street. 8:49 p.m., a domestic dispute was reported at Gray and Water streets. Monday at 2:24 a.m., a car burglary was reported on College Avenue. 3:09 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Roosevelt Avenue. 3:16 a.m., an unwanted person was reported on Elm Street. IN WILTON, Sunday at 12:48 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Main Street. 3:34 p.m., harassment was reported on Cemetery Road. 4:58 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on U.S. Route 2 East. 4:59 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on McLaughlin Road. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Monday, Matthew Kerr, 26, of New Sharon, was arrested on a warrant for unpaid fines, as well as a charge of operating a vehicle after a suspension. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Sunday at 11:09 a.m., Don Michael James, 41, of Pittsfield, was arrested on charges of operating a vehicle after a suspension and violating conditions of release. 7:23 p.m., Brandon Brandy York, 26, of Minot, was arrested on three charges of criminal threatening with a dangerous weapon, as well as charges of assault and criminal mischief. 8:32 p.m., Scott David Frost, 30, of Norridgewock, was arrested on charges of operating a vehicle under the influence and without a license, violating restrictions from prior offenses. 11:17 p.m., Rebekah Lorraine Rodrigue, 25, of Skowhegan, was arrested on two warrants for unpaid fines. SUMMONSES IN WATERVILLE, Sunday at 3:19 p.m., Samantha J. Fitts, 19, of Pittsfield, was issued a summons on a charge of shoplifting. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Recent Read Shared Senate leader McConnell forced to juggle demands on health care bill Belfast man, 71, dies after being Tasered by police Readfield conflict of interest case appealed in court More than a number — war dead honored in Hallowell Memorial Day Ceremonies RSU 9 residents to weigh in Wednesday on first round of budget votes Waterville mother charged after allegedly leaving 3 kids alone all night Fryeburg officer remains in critical condition; canoeist still missing Identities released of prisoners whose sentences LePage commuted Prominent Gardiner building to become artist space, microbrewery Georgia man tells Waterville students of life after causing death Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Eagle sickened after feeding on dead animal YMCA day care sued after asking mom to breastfeed out of boys’ sight Lewiston students protest bullying after suicide of middle school classmate Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In Design Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive 11 ideas for stylish living in the outdoors By Diane Cowen May 29, 2017 Begin Slideshow 19 Photo: CB2, HO Image 1of/19 Caption Close Image 1 of 19 Crate & Barrel's black-and-white, striped sofa makes a bold statement on your patio. $999, cb2.com. Crate & Barrel's black-and-white, striped sofa makes a bold statement on your patio. $999, cb2.com. Photo: CB2, HO Image 2 of 19 Stain your deck with PPGÂs new TIMELESS wood stain and youÂll find yourself with more time to enjoy your outdoor living space. Using advanced penetrating oil technology, the stain will go deeper and actually help the wood withstand seasonal changes. YouÂll restain the wood less often, giving you more time to play. It comes five finishes. $XXX per gallon; at Home Depot stores. less Stain your deck with PPGÂs new TIMELESS wood stain and youÂll find yourself with more time to enjoy your outdoor living space. Using advanced penetrating oil technology, the stain will go deeper and ... more Photo: PPG, Photographer Image 3 of 19 Ant Melamine plates, at Kuhl-Linscomb Ant Melamine plates, at Kuhl-Linscomb Photo: Courtesy Of Kuhl-Linscomb Image 4 of 19 Stainless Steel Ratcheting Pineapple Slicer, $19.95 from LUX Stainless Steel Ratcheting Pineapple Slicer, $19.95 from LUX Photo: Courtesy Image 5 of 19 Swimline Root Beer Mug 74-in Inflatable Pool Float w/ Mini Cooler, $43.99 Swimline Root Beer Mug 74-in Inflatable Pool Float w/ Mini Cooler, $43.99 Photo: Swimline Image 6 of 19 SwimWays makes pool loungers with images of MARVEL comic book characters. $19.99 and up; Toys 'R' Us and amazon.com SwimWays makes pool loungers with images of MARVEL comic book characters. $19.99 and up; Toys 'R' Us and amazon.com Photo: Swimways Image 7 of 19 SwimWays makes pool loungers with images of MARVEL comic book characters. $19.99 and up; Toys 'R' Us and amazon.com SwimWays makes pool loungers with images of MARVEL comic book characters. $19.99 and up; Toys 'R' Us and amazon.com Photo: Swimways Image 8 of 19 Banana leaf table runner at Kuhl-Linscomb, 2424 W. Alabama Banana leaf table runner at Kuhl-Linscomb, 2424 W. Alabama Photo: Kuhl-Linscomb Image 9 of 19 Rattan basketUse this 20-inch rattan domed basket by Texture purely for itÂs beauty or for a more functional purpose outdoors. $135-$155; Found, 3433 W. Alabama Rattan basketUse this 20-inch rattan domed basket by Texture purely for itÂs beauty or for a more functional purpose outdoors. $135-$155; Found, 3433 W. Alabama Photo: Don Hoffman Image 10 of 19 Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit, $19.99 at Target, Walmart, Ace Hardware, Do It Best, Home Depot and Lowes Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit, $19.99 at Target, Walmart, Ace Hardware, Do It Best, Home Depot and Lowes Photo: Tiki Image 11 of 19 Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit﻿ burns without ﻿smoke and soot. Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit﻿ burns without ﻿smoke and soot. Photo: Tiki Image 12 of 19 Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit﻿ burns without ﻿smoke and soot. Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit﻿ burns without ﻿smoke and soot. Photo: Courtesy Of Kuhl-Linscomb Image 13 of 19 UpCart's design makes it easy to navigate sandy areas﻿. UpCart's design makes it easy to navigate sandy areas﻿. Photo: Courtesy Of The Grommet Image 14 of 19 Margate folding screenHand assembled oyster shells and a gold-leafed wooden frame add a little glitz and a lot of fun to any patio or entertaining room. This screen by Currey and Co.Â can divide a room into sections or hide a space you?d like to keep private. $6,180; Design House at the Houston Design Center, 7026 Old Katy Road, Suite 115 less Margate folding screenHand assembled oyster shells and a gold-leafed wooden frame add a little glitz and a lot of fun to any patio or entertaining room. This screen by Currey and Co.Â can divide a room into ... more Photo: Currey And Co. Image 15 of 19 CB2's Loma Navy Lantern elevates the glow of a single pillar candle, $99.95, CB2.com. (CB2) CB2's Loma Navy Lantern elevates the glow of a single pillar candle, $99.95, CB2.com. (CB2) Photo: CB2, HO Image 16 of 19 Crate & Barrel's Acapulco Black Egg Outdoor Chair has midcentury charm, $249, cb2.com. Crate & Barrel's Acapulco Black Egg Outdoor Chair has midcentury charm, $249, cb2.com. Photo: CB2, HO Image 17 of 19 The Acapulco Black Egg Outdoor Chair has midcentury charm, $249, cb2.com. (CB2) The Acapulco Black Egg Outdoor Chair has midcentury charm, $249, cb2.com. (CB2) Photo: CB2, HO Image 18 of 19 CB2's black-and-white, striped sofa makes a bold statement on your patio. $999, www.cb2.com. (CB2) CB2's black-and-white, striped sofa makes a bold statement on your patio. $999, www.cb2.com. (CB2) Photo: CB2, HO Image 19 of 19 CB2's black-and-white, striped sofa makes a bold statement on your patio. $999, www.cb2.com. (CB2) CB2's black-and-white, striped sofa makes a bold statement on your patio. $999, www.cb2.com. (CB2) Photo: CB2, HO 11 ideas for stylish living in the outdoors 1 / 19 Back to Gallery Summer is almost here. It's time to amp up our time in the backyard and poolside. That means evaluating everything: pool noodles and floats, beach gear, party goods and even a tiki torch or two. Don't wait for your next big party to enjoy every minute of your backyard, whether it's filled with grass and flowers, or pool and patio. Here are 11 ideas to get you started. OUTDOOR FURNITURE Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. Style Eating and drinking along New Orleans' new restaurant row Five fashion trends to try for a glam Mardi Gras this year For genuine Mardi Gras experience, consider heading to Acadiana Fabulous finds with palm prints for an early spring Uptown Park fashion boutique celebrates 40 years Designer Ceci Thompson's black-and-white striped outdoor sofa for CB2 takes you to straight to a cabana on the French Riviera. At the very least, it makes a bold statement on your patio. $999; cb2.com. CB2's Acapulco Black Egg Outdoor Chair has midcentury charm, $249; cb2.com Deck stain A deck can extend your living space to the great outdoors. PPG's new Timeless wood stain uses penetrating oil technology so the stain goes deeper to help the wood withstand seasonal changes. You'll restain the wood less often, giving you more time to play. It comes in five finishes. $4.98 for 8 ounces, $43.97-$49.97 per gallon, and $126-$129 for 3 gallons; Home Depot stores Melamine ant plates An outdoor lunch on these picnic-style plates comes with a little prank - a few pesky ant images right where your burger ought to be. In sets of four, they're Melamine, so they're washable, reusable and dishwasher safe. $12-$23; Kuhl-Linscomb, 2424 W. Alabama SwimWays pool loungers Why loll around the pool on just any old float when you can lounge on one that looks like a root beer float? SwimWays offers other fun images, like Marvel comic-book characters Ironman, Captain America and Spider-Man or even a replica of the Millennium Falcon from "Star Wars." From $19.99; available at a variety of stores. (Root beer float, J.C. Penney; Millennium Falcon, Toys 'R' Us; and Marvel Comcis characters, Toys 'R' Us and amazon.com) Banana-leaf table runner Jazz up your outdoor table with a clever banana-leaf table runner or matching placemats and napkin rings. The runners are 4 inches wide and 17½ inches long. One might be enough, but buy several and use them to hold a long, lush tablescape. $30; Kuhl-Linscomb, 2424 W. Alabama Bamboo basket Use this domed bamboo basket by Texture purely for its beauty or for a more functional purpose, such as storing throws or towels. The baskets come in two sizes, 15 inches tall or 19 inches tall. $135-$155; Found, 3433 W. Alabama Tiki tabletop fire pit An evening on the deck or patio might call for candlelight, but a Tiki Clean Burn tabletop fire pit gives you the warm light you want without the smoke and soot. $19.99; at Target, Wal-Mart, Ace Hardware, Do It Best, Home Depot and Lowes. Pineapple slicer Bites of fresh-cut pineapple can transport you to a tropical vacation, even if you're sitting in your own backyard. This stainless-steel ratcheting pineapple slicer makes easy work of coring the fruit and creating perfect slices. $19.95; getluxapp.com ACRYLIC GOBLETS These 12-ounce Isabella goblets from Juliska's Al Fresco Collection are ideal for everything from lemonade to sangria. They're acrylic, so you can take them outdoors without worrying about breakage. $16 per goblet; Kuhl-Linscomb, 2424 W. Alabama Margate folding screen Hand-assembled oyster shells and a gold-leafed wooden frame add a little glitz and a lot of fun to any patio or entertaining room. This screen, by Currey and Co., can divide a room into sections or hide a space you'd like to keep private. $6,180; Design House at the Houston Design Center, 7026 Old Katy Road, Suite 115 UPCART BEACH AND SPORT CART If the beach beckons, use this handy sport cart to carry your things through the sand. Made of aluminum, plastic and ripstop nylon, it has a 40 gallon capacity and allows you to strap folding chairs to its back. $129.95; thegrommet.com Diane Cowen Home Design Writer, Houston Chronicle Texas Politics Chaotic legislative session ends, unfinished work likely to bring Real Estate Mud makes a comeback in suburbia Jenny Dial Creech Tiger Woods takes another tumble in fall from grace Design Houston designers join HGTV's 'Brother vs. Brother' Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, May 30, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Latest News / Police: Woman locked her kids in car trunk while she shopped By The Associated Press This article was published May 29, 2017 at 2:06 p.m. Comments (2) aAFont Size PHOTO BY WEBER COUNTY SHERIFF'S OFFICE VIA THE ASSOCIATED PRESS This Thursday, May 25, 2017 booking photo released by the Weber County Sheriff's Office shows Tori Lee Castillo, 39. The Utah woman was arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. Castillo remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday, May 25, 2017, evening when she returned to the car. RIVERDALE, Utah — A 39-year-old Utah woman has been arrested after she allegedly locked her two young children in her car's trunk while she went inside a Wal-Mart store to shop. Riverdale police say witnesses heard the children ages 2 and 5 making noise and saw the car shaking, got the older child to pull the emergency latch and called 911. Tori Lee Castillo remains jailed on suspicion of child abuse after being arrested Thursday evening when she returned to the car. Police Lt. Casey Warren says the state child welfare was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party. Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Latest News Manchester police seek clues in concert bombe... Police: Tiger Woods arrested in Florida on DU... Video shows South African police pelting men ... German biker loses bag of cash, raining bills... Police: Woman locked her kids in car trunk wh... Little Rock home fired on while 2 kids slept ... Shark leaps into boat and lands on Australian... Relative 'devastated' after shooting kills 8 ... Arkansas man wins big on Memorial Day episode... More Latest News stories > Comments on: Police: Woman locked her kids in car trunk while she shopped To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 2 of 2 total comments TravisBickle says... May 29, 2017 at 6:21 p.m. Meth head. ( permalink | suggest removal ) MsShanLPN2B says... May 29, 2017 at 9:28 p.m. Thug definition right here.... ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Protest sparks Texas lawmaker threats of gun violence (18 comments) BRADLEY R. GITZ: The fate of Trump (21 comments) At home, Trump faces growing inquiries (33 comments) Merkel: U.S. no longer reliable (10 comments) Trump condemns killing of pair who tried to stop racist rant (6 comments) Montanan facing assault charge wins seat (56 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved.
WATCH LIVE Home News Local News Regional News National News Special Reports Meet the Team Copy Request Story Ideas About WABI Weather Weather E-Weather Stormwatch Ski Report Sports Sports Good Sport Hale's Corner Never Say Never Moment Play of the Week Tournament Reports Copy Request Features All About Maine A Better Place Ask an Officer Bath Salts: Dangers Business & Finance End Student Hunger Healthy Living Honor Roll Submissions Pets Question Of The Day Archives Senior Segments Take This Job and Love It TV5 Kitchen Schedule Programming Home Programming Schedule Events Events Calendar Submit an Event Buy Maine First It's Our Treat UPDATE- Bangor Police Release Photos in Bank Robbery May 28, 20173:33 PM EDT Christopher Brownell Local News, Today's Top Stories Bangor Police continue to investigate a robbery at TD Bank on Stillwater Avenue Sunday afternoon. According to police, a man went into the bank around 12:45 p.m. and demanded cash from the teller. Police released a surveillance photo. He’s described as approximately 5 foot 7 inches tall, thin build, unshaven and around 30-years-old. The man took off towards Wal-Mart. The suspect’s vehicle, pictured to the left, is described as a silver station wagon, possibly a Volvo. Anyone with information is asked to call the Bangor Police tip line at (207)947-7382 ext. 6.   Share this: Facebook Twitter Email ← Person Killed Following UTV Crash in Lowell Over 100 Vendors on Hand for Final Day of Bangor Comic and Toy Con → ADVERTISEMENT Trending Stories Connecticut Couple Arrested in Connection with TD Bank and Dollar Tree Robberies Second Robbery on Stillwater Ave. in as Many Days UPDATE- Bangor Police Release Photos in Bank Robbery Person Killed Following UTV Crash in Lowell ADVERTISEMENT We Want to Know: Are you attending any Memorial Day events? ADVERTISEMENT © 2017 WABI TV5. All Rights Reserved. | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Advertise | Employment Information | FCC Public File | Closed Captioning | Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Photo: NBC /Getty Images The Prepper Obsession With Clothes Gray men are styling for the apocalypse. by Jennings Brown May 29, 2017, 9:32am EDT tweet share pin Many preppers’ interest in survivalism goes back to one post-apocalyptic book or film. For a western Colorado-based outdoor and hunting retail worker who goes by the nom de plume Feature Kreep, it’s The Postman by David Brin. The book takes place in the Pacific Northwest of an America that has been decimated by electromagnetic pulse attacks and bioweapons. In the opening scene, the protagonist’s campsite is ambushed and robbed by bandits. He tries fruitlessly to trade the compass and Swiss army knife attached to his belt for the stolen boots, jacket, and gloves — what he needs to live through the night. Defeated, he stumbles away in a ripped shirt, faded jeans, and tattered moccasins and serendipitously finds a prewar U.S. Postal Service jeep with a dead mail carrier inside. He takes the skeleton’s uniform and becomes the Postman, a folk hero embodying hope for the “Restored United States of America,” a dream under constant attack by the Holnist, a hypersurvivalist militia, who are distinguished by their army surplus camouflage. Feature Kreep in a typical outdoors or bugout ensemble; nylon pants, windshirt over baselayer, trail runners. Photo: Feature Kreep Feature Kreep (who asked we refer to him by the name he uses for his blog and on prepper forums) says that reading The Postman at an early age instilled in him an appreciation for all things apocalyptic — zombies, robot takeover, economic collapse, nuclear war. But considering the prominent role that clothing plays in the book, it also seems to have inspired his professional career. Since earning a bachelor's degree in apparel design at Oregon State University, Feature Kreep has been working in the outdoor apparel industry. When he’s not testing backpacks on hikes or helping wilderness enthusiasts pick out supplies, he’s answering questions on survivalist subreddits and studying the different subgroups of prepperdom. One thing he’s noticed in his anthropological observations is that preppers love clothes. “There’s a bit of a fetish there,” Feature Kreep says. “In hunting there’s a fashion-show element, because everyone’s got to have cooler camo than the other guy — the latest computer-generated camo. Backpackers are more obsessed with absolute performance and they don’t care what it looks like. They can wear some pretty goofy-looking stuff. But preppers tend to focus on the appearance of clothing because they’re more aware of what their clothes signal about them, and they’re trying to manage that signal.” The Walking Dead doesn’t exactly quell prepper concerns. Photo: Gene Page/AMC Survivalism is a fringe movement that fuses America’s frontier lust with its apocalyptic anxiety. It revved up during the Cold War and builds steam every time a cataclysmic event occurs (9/11, Hurricane Katrina) or a perceived disaster is on the horizon (Y2K, 12/21/12). But now it seems we’re reaching peak prepper, thanks to North Korean nuclear chest-beating; a president who dog-whistles conspiracy theorists with talk of the “Deep State” shadow government; and a glut of post-apocalyptic TV shows like The Last Man on Earth, The Leftovers, and The Walking Dead. The communities that formed around the survivalist newsletters of the 1970s were early adopters of BBS and Usenet, precursors to internet forums. The most well known early online community was the WELL, which stood for Whole Earth ’Lectronic Link. It was associated with the Whole Earth Catalog, a magazine focused on self-sufficiency, survivalism, and sustainability. Today, there are hundreds of active prepper forums, like Zombie Squad, Survivalist Boards, and American Prepper Network, where users share tips, discuss Armageddon scenarios, and recommend supplies. But now the most active conversations happen in Facebook groups and Reddit threads. Like what you’re reading? Get the Racked newsletter for even more great stories, every day. SIGN UP Spend a few moments on subreddits like r/Preppers, r/Survival, and r/Bushcraft, and you’ll notice preppers obsess about gear, and especially clothing. And why shouldn’t they? Without proper attire, you could die of hypothermia. You can’t run away from the living dead wearing sandals. If your jacket is too bright, you’ll be a target for cannibal anarchist militias. Of course, when it comes to preparing for fantasies like these, there’s also the matter of looking cool. “The costuming is essential,” says Richard Mitchell, professor emeritus of sociology at Oregon State University and author of Dancing at Armageddon: Survivalism and Chaos in Modern Times. “It’s not so much about how you look in the mirror; it’s about how your friends respond to you. Sociologists call it impression management and anticipatory socialization — you dress like you imagine you’ll want to be in the future.” Survivalist gear from r/bushcraft. Photo: reddit user Schpittle Schpattle As an outdoor enthusiast who spent 12 years studying survivalists, Mitchell believes their movement is speculative fiction. “These clothes have very little utility, of course, because survivalism, prepper behavior, is not a practiced trade,” he says. “It’s imaginative role-playing. People aren’t doing it. They’re talking about it. They’re imagining that this might happen in the future.” In 2012, this genre of role-play seeped into pop culture with the popular National Geographic Channel reality show Doomsday Preppers and its spinoff Doomsday Bunkers. It was around then that survivalists say they started noticing an influx of liberal and libertarian-leftist preppers. With the election of Donald Trump, this trend has only grown. Preppers on Reddit generally avoid politics. Instead, they concern themselves with matters like the merits of coveralls, why wool is superior to cotton, the best inconspicuous boots, survival pants that can be worn in social situations, and stab-proof vests. A recent post on the Prepper subreddit titled “What is your ideal SHTF [Shit Hits The Fan] wardrobe?” received 50 comments from people sharing their favorite clothing and shopping tips. “Still building the clothing part of my SHTF wardrobe...,” saeglopur12 responded, “but currently I've got some key items, such as a pair of Fox River Military wicking mid calf boots, 5.11 TacLite Pro Pants, a pair of Mechanix gloves, a very old (think over a decade) pair of North Face boots that I still love and are completely waterproof, but desperately need to be replaced, and an equally-old but still totally functional Mountain Hard[wear] hard-shell jacket (which I'd probably throw over a North Face parka, if I was bugging out). Pockets would probably be kind of empty, because I've got a tactical belt/thigh holster rig with everything I need handy strapped to it... everything else would go in my or my wife's BoB.” BoB stands for “bug-out bag,” the bag that’s always ready with everything you need to survive three days. Preppers are big on acronyms, like SHTF and BoB. They often compare the contents of their EDC (every day carry) bag, their GHB (get home bag), and their INCH (I’m not coming home) bag. Michigan Militiaman Kevin Blackhorn, 34, of Blissfield, Michigan, crosses a stream on a rope bridge 11 December 1994 during survivalist training at a site in northern Michigan. Photo: MICHAEL SAMOJEDEN/Getty Images Some responders in the thread displayed extra imagination. “If you're in occupied territory and are trying to get out, best thing I can suggest is be the gray man,” Jrn77 wrote. “Blend in with the people and surroundings. For example, if you're in an urban environment that is occupied and need to exit, dress how everyone else is dressing. [W]alking around in black utilities and a backpack, you're going to stand out like dogs balls [sic].” Practicing “gray man” or woman means dressing for a for a SHTF moment, but blending in with society. Before the rise of hunting and outdoors retailers like Cabela’s and Bass Pro Shop, a prepper’s best bet was the local army surplus store. Clothes designed for soldiers are durable, but they also alert your neighbor that you might be interested in overthrowing the government. The irony isn’t lost on Mitchell. “Much of survivalism is predicated on the notion that government and institutional knowledge and collective organization are all failures,” he says. “Oh, but let’s wear their clothes.” But now that hunting brands like Kuiu, Sitka, and First Lite are borrowing from mountaineering technology and producing performance hunting gear, it’s easier to be both stylish and ready for an alien invasion. Some clothing companies, like Fortress Clothing and Beyond Clothing, specifically target preppers. And outdoor recreation outlet REI even provides a Zombie Preparedness class, in which instructors use REI products that could be useful during a natural disaster. Bushcraft boots from r/bushcraft. Photo: reddit user KilloVet “Outdoor clothing has changed in recent years to look more normal, but still retain the durability and functionality of longterm outdoor use,” says a gray man who asked that we only use his Reddit name, docb30tn, so he wouldn’t attract government attention. This sort of thinking, he says, goes along with being a gray man. Docb30tn is a health care professional and former combat medic who lives in Mount Juliet, Tennessee. His gray-man attire consists of Dickie’s cargo pants, lightweight moisture-wicking durable socks, combat boots that endured two deployments in the Middle East desert heat, military-issued nylon belt, Frogg Toggs rain jacket, Under Armour balaclava, and Walmart fitted work gloves. In the last few months, he’s been seeing more “localized SHTF events” that give credence to his preparations. “Lately, riots that have been occurring mostly in California are SHTF scenarios,” docb30tn says. “The government does not tell us everything they know. If they did, then people would freak out. Thankfully we have our police, fire, EMS, and military to squelch such actions on a large scale. California, however, is a special breed of stupid lately.” But not all gray men are so concerned about civil unrest. Damien is a Sprint sales rep who lives in northwestern Oregon. He’s been a prepper since he was 16, but he doesn’t think a SHTF scenario is imminent. “Doesn't mean we shouldn't be prepared, though,” Damien tells Racked. “Yellowstone was supposed to explode a long time ago. Mount Rainier is supposed to go off soon. The Cascadia fault is supposed to put most of the West Coast underwater. We are still here and nothing has happened. North Korea is pissed at us, Russia has never liked us, and China really doesn't want to get involved in anything right now. The right domino can be pushed to make SHTF. That's always a possibility.” Bear Grylls from Running Wild. Photo: NBC/Getty Images Damien’s gray-man wardrobe includes Wrangler Riggs tan cargos, 5.11 pants, plain gray T-shirts, a Carhartt jacket, a black Nike windbreaker, black Nike shoes, and Keen boots. He breaks in all his gear before he decides whether it’s apocalypse-ready. “To determine if they are durable enough for SHTF, I just wear them. A lot,” he says. “One thing that I look for right away is how much give the pants have in the crotch area. If I can't squat down or lift my knees in them, they will bust in the crotch area, I can guarantee it. And I won't own a pair that I think might blow out the crotch.” The only thing worse than potential crotch-busters? Cotton. “For my shirts, I won’t want it in a SHTF situation if it has a lot of cotton in it. Cotton kills. It gets wet, stays wet, and drains body heat.” The perils of cotton are one issue nearly every prepper agrees on. Other than that, there’s a lot of room for debate — especially between preppers and their close cousins, the bushcrafters, who put a premium on wilderness skills like tracking, foraging, shelter building. Think Grizzly Adams instead of Bear Grylls. “Bushcrafters tend to make a lot of decisions based on historical fantasy and aesthetic rather than actual scientific rigor,” says Feature Kreep. “They can be very smug, because they have so many skills. They’ll make some claim like, it makes more sense to carry a two-pound axe and spend five hours building a shelter than it does to carry a two-pound tent and walk five more hours. They’ll come up with outlandish reasons for why they need to be wearing wax canvas and wool when it doesn’t make any sense.” But everyone in the survivalist community seems to have one thing in common. “Between the groups, I can’t say which is more obsessed with clothes,” he says. “They all talk about it a heck of a lot.” Beauty The Beauty Pitfalls of Being a Military Spouse Beauty Is My Lipstick Forbidden by My Religion? New York City Shopping The Complete List of New York City Sample Sales Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead How to Pitch All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman “Easiest System Ever” – A Complete Over The Shoulder Training Course With DFY Resources And Checklists There is a lot of potential with Amazon or eBay dropshipping that marketers can take advantage of. However, nobody knows how to do it. That is why Matt Pocius and his team has decided to launch a new course called “Easiest System Ever”. “Easiest System Ever” is a simple to follow technique that assists marketers in creating a job replacing income stream without having any experience, a lot of time and money. It is a complete over the shoulder training course with DFY resources and checklists created to generate revenues instantly without fail, and scale without paid traffic or risk. The producers provide users with a module called “The two giants” that allows them to learn the whole business strategy and demonstrate the two eCommerce giants users will be using for this technique, Amazon and eBay. It is actually as simple as buying products low on Amazon and selling them high on eBay, only optimized and tweaked in a perfect way that works every time. The producers will also explain why there is no need for users to have a store or any traffic. The next lesson marketers can learn from “Easiest System Ever” training course is all about Finding Winner Products that always sell and never fail. There is a tested method when it comes to seeking winner physical products to sell. In case users have mistakes in doing it, they can experiment dozens, hundreds or even thousands of different products and waste days of your time. There is a method to acknowledge the good ones and users will be given all the checklists and information they want. Marketers can also find out the way to tweak the titles, optimize the setting, the wording to use and all the important factors that will help them enhance their revenues. If marketers are someone with high creativity, then this will be an ideal opportunity for them to shine and convert. When marketers are done with those, the product’s creators will reveal some more secret places to drop ship their products from and boost their potential reach and incomes. Moreover, “Easiest System Ever” course guides marketers to where they will go live and start making income. Everything sells on eBay and the creators will show marketers their case studies and proof. Marketers will dropship from places like Walmart and Amazon to eBay customers and their customers will thank you for it, they will receive dozens of thank you letters for each successful product. In the next module of the course, the authors decide to teach their followers all about scaling. They will show their students the method to start scaling to reach high income without having any form of paid website traffic. Even though this process is quite advanced but it is also exceedingly quick and simple and they will not feel it after doing it several times. In the last module, marketers are able to learn the Secret Extra Strategies which deliver additional, secret and powerful strategies to generate more income. By getting “Easiest System Ever”, users can reap the following benefits: Anyone can do this and get good results, even newbie They can start with no budget, no ads, no traffic, and none of the typical stuff. There is no need for users to posses any technical skills since everything is explained really clearly in the modules so that they can get started as fast as possible. For more details, you could see Easiest System Ever review and discount. Media Contact Company Name: BeginnerDiary LTD. Contact Person: Benjamin Email: media@beginnerdiary.com Phone: +61 (08) 83691672 Address:63 Wigley Street, Sturt City: Adelaide City State: SA Country: Australia Website: BeginnerDiary.com CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Commercial Vehicle Tire Market 2017 – Outlook Trends, Growth Factors, Top Manufacturers, Research Methodology and Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext Two Day Data Integrity Course: FDA/EU Requirements and Implementation (Opfikon, Switzerland – September 27-28, 2017) – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts Smart Camera Market to Significant Growth Foreseen by 2021 Global Hoppers Market 2017 Competition, Status And Forecast, Market Size By Players, Regions, Type, Application 2017 Hydraulic Rotary Actuators Sales Market Research Report: Global Analysis -2022 Riassunto: World Bedwetting Day Steering Committee: nuove linee guida globali richiedono una terapia più efficace per l’enuresi, una condizione frequente dalla quale è affetto 1 bambino su 151 Riassunto: World Bedwetting Day Steering Committee: nuove linee guida globali richiedono una terapia più efficace per l’enuresi, una condizione frequente dalla quale è affetto 1 bambino su 151 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps open News open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Business Finder Obituaries open Jobs Autos Real Estate open Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports open Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining open Living open Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Breaking News - MassLive.com Last week in Springfield District Court: No bail for a pipe bomb suspect; no juggling at clown's trial; and more Posted on May 29, 2017 at 7:54 AM David Krause, 31, of Springfield(Springfield Police Department) By Jack Flynn These were the top stories out of Springfield District Court last week. If you missed any, click on the links below to read them now. Springfield judge denies clown's plan to juggle for jurors as centerpiece of defense West Springfield pipe bomb suspect ruled competent to stand trial; dangerousness hearing set for June 2 Springfield man denies assaulting wife, urinating in kitchen and throughout house Springfield murder suspect clashed with victim while living at boarding house, court records show Springfield man held without bail in city's 5th homicide of 2017 Springfield Walmart shopper denies groping 3 female customers; bail set at $2,500 After 2 positive tests for fentanyl, Agawam woman pleads for 3rd chance: 'Please, just give me until the weekend' Police: Amherst woman bragged about shootings before assaulting Springfield cop View Comments About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: How Windows 10's rapid release works Excel 2016 cheat sheet Windows 10 Redstone: A guide to the builds Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. For enterprise protection, antivirus software is no longer enough Read CW’s May digital magazine! How Veritas is getting its cloud on Buyers’ Guide: Prices dropping for data visualization software More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Vertical IT Retail IT IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? The Zen of Retail Tech By Evan Schuman, star Influencer, Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | May 29, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinions expressed by ICN authors are their own. Opinion Self-checkout: What shoppers want to do is rarely what they end up doing One of the first things retail executives learn is that shopper surveys are horrible indicators of what shoppers will do in stores Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Alberto More like this Self-checkout psychology: Don't scare away shoppers Retail's struggles with improving in-store checkout Walmart, jobs and the rise of self-service checkout tech Video Hoping for a raise in 2017? Here’s the outlook for IT pay One of the first things retail executives learn is that shopper surveys are horrible indicators of what shoppers will do in stores. Asked if they would make purchases at a breached retailer, they’ll routinely say no. But quarterly earnings betray the truth that being breached has just about zero influence on revenue. (Blame zero liability, but that’s a column for another day.) The issue for today is self-checkout. Surveys show that shoppers love the idea. Retailer experience shows that shoppers don’t love self-checkout the reality nearly as much as they love self-checkout the concept. Reality messes things up, with fruits and vegetables that need weighing and age-restricted products and long lines and filled-to-the-brim shopping carts that were never supposed to be handled at self-checkout. Shoppers are quick to dismiss the value of an associate at a staffed checkout lane, ignoring the fact that their experience of scanning millions of SKUs makes them awfully good at it and impressively fast. What brings this up is a survey that crossed my desk from a vendor called Interactions. It surveyed 1,011 shoppers and found interesting, contrasting answers. Some 62% of those shoppers said that they prefer to be greeted by “a real person” (as opposed to a fake one?) in-store, but only 10% of them said that they wanted a store associate to play any role in “part of their checkout process.” Taken literally, that means that 90% of them want associate-less checkout, which is self-checkout. And yet, if you go into any U.S. store that offers a choice of staffed checkout and self-checkout, the percentage of shoppers routinely opting for self-checkout isn’t 90%. Heck, it’s not even close. Rekha Ramesh, global head of IT and digital strategy at Interactions, agrees that the stated shopper preferences don’t match real shopper behavior, but she considers that normal. “It’s not that they don’t want self-checkout. They clearly do,” Ramesh said. “It’s that it’s not very smooth. It’s not being made easy.” In short, shoppers want self-checkout in a vacuum, but the day-to-day experience doesn’t live up to their hopes. And each bad self-checkout experience leads to more hesitation to try it again. The reason the experience can be sub-par is that not every basket lends itself equally well to self-checkout systems, most of which were designed to deal with basket sizes of ten or fewer items. If a retailer really wanted to push self-checkout and realize more of those operational savings (from having fewer staffed lanes), it could assign an associate to stand in front of the checkout lanes and encourage/discourage shoppers. Overflowing cart shoppers would be gently guided to a staffed lane, along with customers with age-restricted items or too many weight-charged items, while others could be told, “Your shopping today would work wonderfully in self-checkout.” In other words, use your associates to train your shoppers when self-checkout is a good idea and when it’s not. That’s a non-technological way to improve the self-checkout experience. That all said, there is something inherently inefficient in centralized self-checkout. That inefficiency is, in theory, fixed with mobile checkout. Instead of throwing 58 SKUs into the cart and then, at checkout, scanning each item, one at a time, isn’t it far better to scan the barcode in-aisle, right before it’s thrown into the cart? That way, when the last item is thrown in, the checkout is 99% done. Walmart did a trial using that approach several years ago, but the chain has never mentioned it since. But mobile checkout — which has been the hot retail IT topic for more than seven years — suffers from a serious case of chicken-or-the-egg. A handful of retailers experiment with it, but don’t see enough shopper enthusiasm to merit full deployment. That’s mostly because those shoppers have so little chance to try mobile checkout that they can’t get super comfortable with it. It can’t become a comfortable habit. Hence: chicken-or-egg. A large number of retailers won’t support it without huge shopper enthusiasm during trials, and shoppers won’t deliver that acceptance until there are far more retailers offering it. Need a more practical example? Look at Apple Pay’s plateaued share of U.S. transactions. The most daring experiment is from Amazon's Go stores, which bypass barcode scanning entirely, replacing it with a series of cameras and video analytics. This store has many practical problems to overcome — Forrester analyst Brendan Witcher said it won’t take long before college students figure out that they can “create a huddle and the store will no idea what they just grabbed” — but the biggest issue is that it’s stupendously expensive. It works well as a concept store, but the idea that Amazon could successfully license and sell this to other retailers doesn’t seem realistic. “I think what Amazon is doing is the right idea,” Witcher said. “The question is viability.” But Witcher’s thoughts on self-checkout reinforced Remesh’s thoughts. “Consumers often believe that it will be convenient” even though it often isn’t, Witcher said. Shoppers today think they’ll really like self-checkout. Now, if they only did. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? Related: Retail IT E-commerce IT Management Evan Schuman has covered IT issues for a lot longer than he'll ever admit. The founding editor of retail technology site StorefrontBacktalk, he's been a columnist for CBSNews.com, RetailWeek, Computerworld and eWeek. Evan can be reached at eschuman@thecontentfirm.com and he can be followed at twitter.com/eschuman. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
null
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries E-edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site 1985-Present 1831-1950 Father of Olympic skater fighting to get medical license reinstated Sunday May 28, 2017 at 9:00 PM May 28, 2017 at 9:56 PM Dean Olsen Staff Writer @deanolsenSJR A Springfield doctor and the father of Olympic figure skater Gracie Gold says the state should reinstate his medical license because he didn’t violate terms of an agreement resolving allegations that he stole prescription drugs from HSHS St. Mary’s Hospital in Decatur for personal use. Dr. Carl Gold, 59, filed a lawsuit Feb. 14 in Sangamon County Circuit Court, contending the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation violated his rights when it issued a summary suspension of his license effective Feb. 6. The next hearing in the case is scheduled July 6 in front of Circuit Judge John Schmidt. The suspension, which prevents Gold from practicing medicine for at least a year, was triggered by what state officials said was a violation of a June 20, 2016, “consent order” with the department that put Gold’s license on probation for at least 12 months. Doctors whose licenses are on probation can continue to practice. The consent order, which Gold signed, didn’t admit guilt but said the state was informed by the U.S. Department of Justice that Gold, an anesthesiologist, had “diverted Schedule II Controlled Substances” from the Decatur hospital “for personal use.” Documents from the state don't indicate when the alleged thefts took place, but the state's case against Gold began in 2015. In the order, Gold agreed to not prescribe medications for his own use and said he would participate in Narcotics Anonymous or Alcoholics Anonymous meetings, receive ongoing treatment from a doctor certified in addiction medicine, and submit to blood or urine testing. The state's suspension of Gold’s license ruled he violated his probation after IDFPR investigator Ronald Romano said in a sworn statement that Gold tried to get other people to supply urine for his urine test while he was working Dec. 9 at Passavant Area Hospital in Jacksonville. Romano’s statement said the president of Passavant’s medical staff submitted a report to the state that “raised serious concerns regarding (Gold’s) professional conduct and his ability to provide safe, quality care to patients.” According to Romano, Gold was told to provide a random urine sample Dec. 9. Gold then “approached at least four individuals and discussed obtaining urine samples from them,” Romano said. Gold “was able to obtain a urine sample from a unit clerk,” Romano said. When Gold was questioned about his conduct at Passavant, according to Romano, Gold’s responses were “not logical, consistent or credible, which further escalated the concerns for (Gold), for patient safety and for the hospital’s employees.” Gold, who lists on his Facebook page that he has been medical director for anesthesia services at the 93-bed Jacksonville hospital, didn’t say in his lawsuit whether the description of his alleged attempt to submit a fake urine sample was accurate. But even if the facts in the investigator’s statement were true, they didn’t constitute a violation of the consent order, according to Gold’s Feb. 14 court filing requesting a temporary restraining order to lift the suspension. Circuit Judge Ryan Cadigan denied Gold’s request for a restraining order Feb. 22. Gold's appeal to the 4th District of the Illinois Appellate Court failed to overturn Cadigan’s decision. Gold says in his Sangamon County lawsuit that the report about his conduct at Passavant “made no finding of any action that compromised patient safety, or any finding that Dr. Gold violated the terms of the consent decree or the Medical Practice Act.” A May 3 filing by the Illinois attorney general’s office, defending the IDFPR, disagreed with Gold’s interpretation and asks the court to dismiss Gold’s complaint. Assistant Attorney General Adam Poe argued that Romano’s statement implicated Gold for multiple violations of the Illinois Medical Practice Act, including unethical conduct and abuse of drugs. Gold’s conduct, Poe wrote, made department officials think Gold “may have experienced a substance-abuse relapse that could potentially affect his ability to safely and competently practice medicine.” The “erratic behavior” recounted in Romano’s statement describes Gold as “acting in desperation to obtain false urine samples to deceive the department about his alleged drug abuse,” Poe wrote. The allegations established an “immediate and serious concern for the safety of the public,” Poe added. Documents filed by Gold’s attorney, Alexandra de Saint Phalle of Springfield, accuse of the state of applying a “nebulous standard” for taking away Gold’s license. De Saint Phalle noted that Gold never had a positive drug test after the consent order. Gold underwent hair testing in January 2017 that showed he hadn’t ingested any controlled substances for up to 90 days before the testing, de Saint Phalle wrote. Catie Sheehan, a spokeswoman for Hospital Sisters Health System, said Gold no longer is on the medical staff of St. Mary’s Hospital or HSHS St. John’s Hospital, where Gold also had worked in the past. She wouldn’t comment on any details of Gold’s alleged theft of drugs from St. Mary’s, including questions from The State Journal-Register about whether any patients were put in danger by Gold’s alleged abuse of drugs. “It is the policy of all HSHS hospitals to not comment on personnel matters,” she said. “All physicians’ medical staff files are privileged and confidential.” Gold couldn’t be reached for comment last week. De Saint Phalle didn’t return a phone call Friday. Michael Leathers, a spokesman for Memorial Health System, which operates Passavant, said Gold provided anesthesia and pain-management services at Passavant until Dec. 22 and was employed by AEF Management while providing services at Passavant. Leathers wouldn’t comment on Gold’s alleged conduct involving urine samples or elaborate further. — Contact Dean Olsen: dean.olsen@sj-r.com, twitter.com/DeanOlsenSJR. ***** Health-care professionals from Springfield area disciplined By Dean Olsen and John Reynolds, Staff Writers Here's a summary of disciplines issued by the Illinois Department of Financial and Professional Regulation against the licenses of Springfield-area health-care professionals since late 2015. * D. Gordon Allan, a doctor from Springfield, was reprimanded in October 2016 for performing a right-knee surgical procedure on the wrong knee. The plan, and consent from the patient, called for a left-knee arthroscopy, according to documents from the state. Allan, a surgeon at Orthopedic Center of Illinois, agreed in a “consent order” with the state to settle the matter without admitting or denying any allegations. A reprimand issued against a physician license doesn’t stop the doctor from practicing. The consent order said the department received a mandated report of a settlement of a malpractice claim in July 2016 that set in motion the state’s investigation of that claim. There was a $70,000 settlement of a malpractice claim against Allan in June 2016, according to the department’s physician profile database. The database doesn’t specify details surrounding the settlement. Allan was unavailable for comment, and an OCI spokeswoman wouldn't comment. * Crystal Bell, a pharmacist from Pawnee, was placed on probation for six months in late 2015 after her Missouri license was suspended and placed on probation for four years in March 2011 for filling unauthorized controlled substance subscriptions. * The license of Mary Ann Corrigan, a registered nurse from Springfield, was placed in “refuse to renew” status in 2016 after her Texas nursing license was disciplined for failing to report a patient’s declining condition to her supervisor before she was fired in that state. * Amelia Crane, a licensed practical nurse from Springfield, was reprimanded in 2016 for having been found guilty of misdemeanor retail theft in February 2015. * Bryanna Davis, a licensed practical nurse from Hillsboro, was placed on probation for at least two years in late 2015 for testing positive for marijuana during pre-employment screening in April 2015. * The license of Katrina Funk, a pharmacy technician from Springfield, was revoked in late 2015 after she tested positive for cocaine and marijuana on a pre-employment screening. * Vicki Hefley, a licensed practical nurse from Hillsboro, was reprimanded in 2016 after turning in incomplete or fraudulent documentation based on her interactions with a home-care patient. * Shannon Ilsley, a registered nurse from Springfield, was suspended for at least 12 months in 2016 after violating a “care, counseling and treatment” agreement when she relapsed on alcohol. * The license of Maria Kenny, a pharmacist from Springfield, was placed in “refuse to renew” status in 2016 after she delayed the transfer of patient prescriptions in a timely manner, failed to complete the required change of “pharmacist-in-charge” paperwork and failed to complete an inventory as departing pharmacist-in-charge at a Wal-Mart pharmacy. * Gregg Laws, a doctor from Carlinville, was reprimanded and fined $500 in 2016 for failure to diagnose a subarachnoid hemorrhage in a hospital emergency room patient. * Amber McCray, a registered nurse from Chatham, was suspended for at least 12 months in 2016 for violating conditions of a consent order. Her license was put on probation in April 2015 after she tested positive for Methadone, according to state officials. * Ronda Mills, a licensed practical nurse from Springfield, voluntarily surrendered her license permanently in 2016 after failing to report being fired by Oak Terrace nursing home. She was fired after admitting she would test positive for marijuana and opiates, according to state officials. Mills’ license previously was suspended for a minimum of six months after testing positive in November 2014 for marijuana and cocaine during a pre-employment screening for a LPN position at Heritage Health in Springfield. * Clayton Parks, a doctor from Springfield, was issued a temporary medical permit with a reprimand in late 2016. The reprimand, according to documents from the state, was based on his Illinois pharmacy technician license being suspended in 2011 for diversion of controlled substances for personal use. Disciplinary action also was taken by the Iowa Board of Medicine against Parks’ Iowa resident physician license based on the 2011 discipline in Illinois. * Bradley Restivo, a doctor from Springfield, was issued a temporary medical license with a reprimand in 2016 after he pleaded guilty to disorderly conduct in 2013. As part of the reprimand, state officials required him to take and pass all five topic areas in the “ethics and boundaries post-licensure essay examination.” * Tamera Richards, a licensed practical nurse from Springfield, was suspended for at least six months in 2016 for pleading guilty to retail theft in 2015 in Sangamon County. * Sarah Sosinski, a licensed practical nurse from Springfield, was suspended for at least two years in 2016 after she used the personal checking account of a patient at Villa Health Care West in Sherman to pay her personal bills, was convicted of a felony and fired by her employer. Documents from the state indicated Sosinski used the patient’s checking account to pay about $350 in Comcast bills and a $372 car loan payment, all in summer 2014. Sosinski pleaded guilty to felony theft in 2015 in connection with the conduct, then failed to report the conviction to the state, according to the documents. She was fired by Villa Health Care in August 2014 in connection with the incident, according to state documents. * Vicki Warrick, a registered nurse from Springfield, was reprimanded in late 2015 and ordered to complete coursework after the state was notified that in January 2013, while employed at the Charleston Transitional Facility in Champaign, she waited to send a patient to a clinic appointment instead of a hospital when the patient showed signs of a worsening sore that ultimately required surgery. * Heaven Willhite, a pharmacy technician from Springfield, was suspended for 90 days in late 2015, and put on probation for at least two years, for being fired by her pharmacy employer after she stole controlled substances. * Cynthia Woods, a registered nurse from Taylorville, was placed on probation for two years in 2016 after she was fired for removal of controlled substances without a written physician’s order and for failure to report the termination to the state.  — Contact Dean Olsen at dean.olsen@sj-r.com, 788-1543, twitter.com/DeanOlsenSJR. Contact John Reynolds at john.Reynolds@sj-r.com, 788-1524, twitter.com/JohnReynoldsSJR. State of Illinois' Memorandum Against Dr. Carl Gold by Dean Olsen on Scribd   Complaint filed by Dr. Carl Gold by Dean Olsen on Scribd   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Advertise With Us Contact Us Subscribe Place an Ad Commenting Rules Archives Marketplace Cars Homes Classifieds Newspaper Ads Garage Sale Directory Sections News State Government Sports The Voice Local Entertainment Information Social Media Directory E-edition Today's Front Page Text Alerts Calendar Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The State Journal-Register ~ Springfield, IL 62701 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Police, Fire, Courts State Government Local Government Education Health Health Blogs School closings Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports Illini High schools High School Football Junior Blues UIS, Local Colleges Score reporting forms Auto Racing Entertainment TV Guide Movie times Sudoku Games Calendar Life The Voice Food Restaurant Reviews Celebrations Beliefs Health Opinion Editorials Letters Bernard Schoenburg Columns How to submit a letter, column Photos The Visual Journal Send us Your Pix Business Obituaries More Videos Calendar Football Scores Salary Databases Social Media Directory Front pages Contests Branded Content Subscriber My Profile E-edition Text Alerts Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Garage Sale Directory Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Jail mugs 50 Reasons MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home 50 Reasons to hit the road E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Wamego teen treated, released from hospital after rollover crash on Sunday K-State study shows black pepper helps limit cancerous compounds in meat Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Featured Penguins thwart Predators comeback attempt, take Game 1 5-3 Eighth inning dooms Joakim Soria, Royals in 10-7 loss to Tigers Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured K-State study shows black pepper helps limit cancerous compounds in meat Muslims begin Ramadan observance Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured David Ignatius: A path forward for Syria and Iraq Letter: Where is the common sense approach to fixing Kansas’ budget woes Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Facebook alerts Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Tickets to events Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home Homicides in Topeka and Shawnee County since 2000 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted May 29, 2017 06:18 pm - Updated May 29, 2017 07:03 pm By Luke Ranker luke.ranker@cjonline.com Jacob Ewing trials not likely to be moved from Jackson County Pictured is the Jackson County Courthouse. Jacob Ewing, 22, in late April, was found not guilty of aggravated indecent liberties and aggravated criminal sodomy with a child under 14 years old. (Phil Anderson/The Capital-Journal) In this Oct. 27, 2016, file photo, Jacob Ewing is led out of the Jackson County Courthouse. (File photo/The Capital-Journal) Jury selection in upcoming trials involving Jacob C. Ewing, the Holton man charged with a series of sex crimes, will continue to be difficult, legal experts said, and attorneys face a high standard to justify moving the trials out of Jackson County.   The state law governing change of venue specifically names the defense’s right to request a trial relocation, but it makes no mention of the prosecution. Defense attorney Kathleen Ambrosio hasn’t filed a motion for a change of venue in any of the cases Ewing faces. A jury in late April acquitted Ewing of aggravated indecent liberties and aggravated criminal sodomy with a child younger than 14 years old. See Also Washburn University law professor John Francis said interpretation of the state’s law has long been that prosecutors are barred from requesting a change of venue. “It doesn’t specifically exclude the state from doing it, but the general belief would be that if the legislature had intended for the state to move a trial, they would have said it,” he said. Three more trials are schedule through October on charges of rape and attempted rape. Ewing was also charged with 13 felony counts of sexual exploitation of a child related to possession of child pornography. A preliminary hearing in that case is scheduled for late July and may result in a fifth trial. “It will be increasingly harder if the next case results in a not-guilty verdict to find a jury,” former Shawnee County District Attorney and longtime defense attorney Bob Hecht said. Hecht agreed with Francis’ interpretation of the law regarding change of venue and said he never considered requesting a venue change during his time as district attorney from 2001 to 2009. During more than 30 years in private practice prior to his time as district attorney, Hecht found changing venues equally hard for defendants. “As both prosecutor and a defense attorney, it’s unreasonably burdensome to meet the requirements,” he said. “The bar is too high.” The Kansas Bill of Rights provides that a defendant has the right to be tried in the county or district where the crime occurred, and a Kansas Supreme Court case from the late-1880s, Kansas vs. Knapp, set precedent that those conditions change only if the defendant waives the right. Jury selection A situation involving multiple trials for a single defendant is unusual, Jackson County District Judge Norbert Marek said during a recent hearing. He pondered whether increased scrutiny of the case from news and social media would increase the burden of finding an unbiased jury pool. “We have to pick another jury, and then another jury, and then another jury,” he said. To justify a change of venue, the defense must prove “prejudice against the defendant that he cannot obtain a fair and impartial trial in that county,” according to state law. Such a situation is hard to prove, Francis said, without totally depleting the available juror pool. Attorneys struggled to find undecided jurors during selection for Ewing’s first trial. When special prosecutor Jacqie Spradling asked the prospective jurors whether they know Ewing or his family, most hands shot up in affirmation. About half of the 142 had known the family for at least a decade. About half of the 142 prospective jurors had also read about the case in newspaper reports; nearly as many had heard about it on Facebook. “It’s a close community. This is a community that’s had a lot of discussion on social media,” Spradling said at the time. A transcript for the April trial highlighted the tight-knit nature of Jackson County, population about 13,000. A female juror was allowed to remain on the panel despite her husband calling the case “a witch hunt” on social media. That juror expressed concern about being on the panel for fear of having to face the parties in the case. “Who wants to go to Walmart and run into, you know, the victims’ advocates or, opposite end, the defendant’s family?” she said. Knowledge of a defendant or a case doesn’t immateriality disqualify a juror, Francis said. Jurors can be disqualified if they are family of the defendant or alleged victim or if they have a financial relationship with the family of either party, such as being an employee, renter or debtor. “The touchstone is can a person act impartially and without prejudice,” he said. Contact reporter Luke Ranker at (785) 295-1270 or @lrankerNEWS on Twitter. Like him on Facebook at facebook.com/lukeranker. Advertisement Most Popular News Mon, 05/29/2017 - 17:13 One person at large after police chase early Monday in west Topeka News Mon, 05/29/2017 - 18:10 Wamego teen treated, released from hospital after rollover crash on Sunday News Mon, 05/29/2017 - 17:50 Man killed when his motorcycle collides with SUV on Sunday in Johnson County Sports Tue, 05/30/2017 - 01:15 State champion Shawnee Heights puts seven on All-Centennial League softball team   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Mon, 05/29/2017 - 21:58 Sheriff’s deputy shoots, kills man in Kansas City suburb RAYTOWN, Mo. — A Jackson County sheriff’s deputy shot and killed a suspected shoplifter at a Wal-Mart in a Kansas City suburb.... Read more Mon, 05/29/2017 - 21:56 Kansas City police investigate death along trail KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Kansas City police are investigating the death of a man whose body was found near a walking and... Read more Mon, 05/29/2017 - 21:49 Hutchinson inmate sentenced for attacking guard HUTCHINSON — A Hutchinson prison inmate who was eligible for release in July will instead spend more time in prison after attacking... Read more Mon, 05/29/2017 - 20:54 Topeka Police calls - May 29, 2017 update Police calls Read more Load more Around the Web   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow   Stories Donate Now More Stories Donate Now Miracle Weekend May 29, 2017 1:44 pm Updated: May 29, 2017 1:46 pm Miracle Weekend 2017: How to watch and donate By Staff Global News ; The Miracle Weekend to support BC Children's Hospital takes place from Saturday June 3 to Sunday June 4. Miracle Weekend What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen The 30th annual Miracle Weekend is taking place from Saturday, June 3 to Sunday, June 4. The event starts at 6:55 p.m. on Saturday and runs until 5:30 p.m. on Sunday. Broadcasting live on Global BC and Global Okanagan, you will also be able to watch it via our livestream above. Story continues below We will be raising money for BC Children’s Hospital, and also hearing compelling stories from patients, their families, caregivers and supporters of the hospital about how Miracle Weekend raises much-needed funds for sick and injured children around the province. Donate Now Some well-known Global BC faces will be hosting the event, including Chris Gailus, Sophie Lui, Squire Barnes, Anne Drewa, Sonia Sunger and many more. Last year, more than $20 million was raised during the weekend. Since 1987, British Columbia has raised more than $262 million through Miracle Weekend fundraising for patients at BC Children’s Hospital. Check out all of our coverage online. Join the conversation and follow our coverage on social media: Twitter: @bcchf Facebook: /BCChildrens Instagram: @bcchf #MiracleWeekend #MiracleMoment WATCH: Reid’s story – Heart disorders in children are more common than you might think. Three-year- old Reid van Rossum of Nanaimo, B.C. was born with a severe heart defect and required the immediate care of BC Children’s Hospital’s cardiac team. Follow Reid’s journey from birth onwards as he endures surgery and other procedures in order to have a chance for a long, healthy life. WATCH: Taylin’s story – Meet Taylin McGill, BC Children’s Hospital Champion Child for 2017 presented by Walmart. In this video, Taylin and her family describe her courageous story and what BC Children’s Hospital means to them. WATCH: Colton’s story – On a cold night just before Christmas 2015, emergency caregivers at BC Children’s Hospital worked frantically to save the life of a boy named Colton, who was in cardiac arrest. This is Colton’s miraculous story. © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error Miracle Weekend Miracle Weekend 2017 Watch Miracle Weekend 2017 Editor's Picks BC election 2017 'Is John Horgan B.C.'s premier now?' And other questions, answered Canada Ontario vs. Alberta smackdown: Which will lead Canadian growth this year? Lifestyle What is sologamy and why are women doing it? Politics Canada won't stop sharing intelligence with the U.S. – but should they? World ISIS claimed responsibility for Manchester attack – now what do investigators do? Canada Buying fentanyl is just a few clicks and a phone call away. And it's making things difficult for the RCMP Canada How the dark web is used to sell illegal drugs like fentanyl Latest Miracle Weekend Videos 04:33 Feature Miracle Weekend: Reid’s story 04:08 Feature Miracle Weekend: Taylin’s story 04:41 Feature Miracle Weekend: Colton’s story 02:21 Global News Hour at 6 BC More than $20 million raised in 29th annual Miracle Weekend 02:07 Global News Hour at 6 BC Chris Gailus tries his hand at suturing 03:49 Global News Morning BC Miracle Weekend: 2016 BCCHF Champion Child 03:18 Global News Hour at 6 BC One teen’s struggle and success in battling OCD 03:41 Health Miracle Weekend: Maya’s story 04:00 Health Miracle Weekend: Aidan’s story 02:50 Health Miracle Weekend: Pediatric surgeries transform kids’ lives 02:28 Global News Hour at 6 BC Delta boy recovering after asthma-induced heart attack 04:27 BC Children's Hospital Miracle Weekend: Carlee’s story 03:54 Global News Morning BC Miracle Weekend: New hospital timeline 02:20 Global News Hour at 6 BC B.C. doctor introduces alternative scoliosis surgical treatment in Canada 04:44 Global News Morning BC Miracle Weekend: Treating kids with cancer 02:26 Global News Hour at 6 BC 28th Miracle Weekend raises over $18 million 02:06 Global News Hour at 6 BC B.C. Children’s Hospital research debunks stereotypes around video gaming 02:16 Global News Hour at 6 BC Miracle Weekend: Meet Sukhmani 02:26 Global News Morning BC Miracle Weekend: Brooke Malakoff 04:11 Global News Morning BC Miracle Weekend: Faris Abdulwahab FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Latest Headlines June 5, 2016 More than $20 million raised in 29th annual Miracle Weekend June 3, 2016 How an OCD camp is helping B.C. teenagers June 2, 2016 Watch the Miracle Weekend 2016 live June 1, 2016 Delta boy recovering after asthma-induced heart attack May 31, 2016 BC doctor first in Canada to use new procedure to treat scoliosis More Headlines → Popular Now Video shows 10-year-old boy launched off water slide at California park 18115 Twitter erupts after Donald Trump sings U.S. anthem at Memorial Day ceremony 16326 'Is John Horgan B.C.'s premier now?' And other questions, answered 16185 Jaden Smith says Four Seasons Toronto 'spiked' his pancakes with cheese 14265 What is sologamy and why are women doing it? 3606 Sponsored content Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Taste-Off: The best fruit snacks — and the… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Foo Fighters BottleRock video ‘Wave’ water park updates N. Korea fires another missile San Jose police shooting Giants-Nationals brawl Uber CEO’s mom killed Lifestyle Eat & Drink Taste-Off: The best fruit snacks — and the total fails Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Fruit snacks are a kid-pleasing addition to the lunchbox, but while some varieties offer authentic fruit flavor — from fruit concentrates and purees — others are simply nasty. (Getty Images) By Jolene Thym, correspondent | Bay Area News Group May 29, 2017 at 10:00 am Tucked between sandwich and chips, a pouch of sweet, chewy fruit snacks is exactly what every kid hopes to find in his lunchbox. They’re a quasi-healthy sweet, a not-quite-candy treat loved by kids of all ages. Of course, actual fresh fruit is always a better lunchbox choice, but if you’re going to occasionally go the fruit snack route, there are a few things to know. The best fruit snacks are made with natural ingredients, including fruit juice, fruit concentrates and purees, and deliver 60 mg. of vitamin C, the recommended daily dose for adults. They’re sweet but not cloying, chewy but not rubbery. Unfortunately, far too many pouches hold faulty snacks; they’re too sugary, they stick to fingers or teeth, or taste like cough drops — or worse. Here’s the scoop on the best of the bunch — and the ones to banish from your lunchbox. Nutrition details refer to an individual pouch. (Note: Use caution when serving fruit snacks to little ones. Fruit snacks can pose a choking risk for children under 4.) Annie’s Tropical Treat Organic Bunny Fruit Snacks Related Articles Taste-off: The best marinades — and the mari-don’ts Taste-Off: The best blue cheese salad dressings — and the ickiest Authentic fruit flavors push these adorable bunnies to the top of the list. They’re extra tender, with bright, lemony flavors. 70 calories, 45 mg sodium, 11 g sugar. $4.59 for five .8-ounce pouches at Whole Foods. Larger boxes can be found at some Costco stores. (4 stars) Mott’s Medleys Assorted Fruit Flavored Snacks A soft, if slightly sticky, chew and bold fruit make these bargain-priced snacks one of the best. The flavor comes from a blend of fruit and carrot concentrates. 80 calories, 30 mg sodium, 10 g sugar. $3.79 for 10 .8-ounce pouches at Safeway. Larger boxes can be found at Costco. (3½ stars) Horizon Bunch O’ Berries Organic Fruit Snacks These small, berry-flavored cows are tender, with a perfect balance of flavors. Their only flaw is that they all taste like strawberry. 70 calories, 45 mg sodium, 10 g sugar. $4.49 for five .8-ounce pouches at Sprouts Market. (3 stars) Treetop Fruit Flavored Snacks Those who prefer firm texture and don’t mind extra sugar will love these candylike bites. (Again, be cautious with young eaters.) 80 calories, 20 mg sodium, 14 g sugar. $12.99 for 80 .9-ounce pouches at Costco. (2½ stars) Welch’s Berries ’N Cherries Fruit Snacks Sugar is the most pronounced flavor here, but these mainstream, ordinary snacks are likely to please even picky eaters. 80 calories, 10 mg sodium, 11 g sugar. $12.99 for 80 .9-ounce pouches at Costco. (2 stars) YumEarth Gummy Bears Flavorwise, these snacks win: Pomegranate, strawberry, mango and peach all taste like the real deal. The problem is that the tough, rubbery texture makes them hard to eat. 70 calories, 10 mg sodium, 9 g sugar. $4.99 for 10 .7-ounce pouches at Whole Foods. (2 stars) O Organics Mixed Berry Fruit Snacks The ultra-sweet, fruit leatherlike texture of these star-shaped snacks makes these one of the most fruit-forward in the tasting, but the bites are a bit dry and leave your hands sticky. Unlike most, these deliver just 9 mg. of vitamin C. 80 calories, no sodium, 17 g sugar. $3.99 for six .81-ounce pouches at Safeway. (2 stars) Sunkist Mixed Fruit Flavored Snacks Natural citrus flavors and fun shapes are a plus, but these bites are so sticky, they cling to your teeth. 80 calories, 35 mg sodium, 10 g sugar. $5.99 for 24 .8-ounce pouches at Safeway. (1½ stars) Stonyfield Farm Organic Mixed Berry Fruity Cows These funny cows are cute, but they taste like cough syrup. 70 calories, 30 mg sodium, 10 g sugar. $3.99 for six .8-ounce pouches at Safeway. (1 star) Kellogg’s Paw Patrol Assorted Fruit Flavored Snacks The sugar-forward, manufactured flavor of these nearly taste-free character shapes does not impress.  70 calories, no sodium, 11 g sugar. $3.79 for 22 .8-ounce pouches at Walmart. (½ a star for the vitamin C) Go Organically Fruit Medley Fruit Snacks These have a dense, chewy texture, but they taste more like vitamins than fruit. 70 calories, 10 mg sodium, 12 g sugar. $4.49 for eight .8-ounce pouches at Safeway. (No stars) Jamba Organic Fruit Bites These horrible little bites, made from apple and strawberry puree and vegetable extracts, taste like a multivitamin — a stale one. 60 calories, no sodium, 12 g sugar. $5.49 for six .63-ounce pouches at Safeway. (No stars) Reviews are based on product samples purchased by this newspaper or provided by manufacturers. Contact Jolene Thym at timespickyeater@gmail.com. Read more Taste-off columns at www.mercurynews.com/tag/taste-off. Tags:  Food Taste Off Jolene Thym, correspondent Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular All-out brawl: Nationals’ Bryce Harper, Giants’ Hunter Strickland turn an old feud into a fistfight Warriors rookie surprised when informed of practice location Miss Manners: He’s a runner, I’m not so fit, and his parents were just rude Commentary: Warning signs Silicon Valley cannot ignore Elderly man saves wife from attack at their home, holds assailant until police arrive Video: Child thrown from slide on East Bay water park’s opening day Warriors-Cavaliers Finals preview: X-factor, key matchup, prediction Museum honoring ‘Rape of Nanking’ author Iris Chang opens in China More in Eat & Drink 21st Amendment’s Hell or High Watermelon has a funky cousin May 29, 2017, 4:00 pm San Francisco’s 21st Amendment is known for its watermelon wheat beer. Now Hell or High Watermelon is being joined by a new and very funky beer. Restaurant review: Oakland’s Qi Dumpling Lounge May 29, 2017, 3:31 pm Oakland’s Qi Dumpling Lounge offers made-to-order dumplings and Chinese fusion fare. Here’s what our restaurant critic thought. Perfect party recipe: Grilled steak with pumpkin seed pesto May 28, 2017, 10:08 am This easy, party-perfect grilled skirt steak is started on the grill and finished in the oven. Serve it with a dollop of pumpkin seed pesto for added deliciousness. Cooking tips: How to cook Chinese long beans May 28, 2017, 9:02 am You know all about Kentucky, Blue Lake and their green bean cousins. But what do you do with Chinese long beans? This. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Viagra Obsolete: New Replacement Cheaper Safer Faster Home | Newsfront Tags: Donald Trump | Healthcare Reform | Trump Administration | Tax reform | President Donald Trump | Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin | healthcare reform WSJ: Status Quo Threatens Ambitious Tax Reform (AP) By Sandy Fitzgerald   |   Monday, 29 May 2017 11:02 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    President Donald Trump Sunday tweeted that the process for tax cuts and reform are "ahead of schedule," but Washington's status quo is already taking its toll on some of the deep rate cuts Republicans are seeking, reports The Wall Street Journal. "Eventually you run out of ways to pay for your promises," Alan Cole, an economist at the Tax Foundation, told the publication. "There aren't any free obvious sources of money where you can just do the thing and nobody gets mad." Some of the largest tax code changes, including border adjustments for the corporate tax, ending the deduction for business interest and changing individual tax breaks for retirement and health are already facing resistance. Meanwhile, repealing deductions for state and local taxes appears to be close to a consensus, but party lawmakers whose states lean blue are objecting to that as well. There are some alternatives, including temporary tax cuts that would comply with rules that prevent long-term deficits. Last week, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin did not rule out temporary cuts, telling the House Ways and Means Committee that such measures were "better than nothing," but he said permanent cuts would be better. Lawmakers could also agree to settle on a 25 percent corporate tax rate, not the 20 percent House Republicans back or Trump's 15 percent. Tax reform also became delayed when the Affordable Care Act was not quickly repealed, and the tax bill must wait for the healthcare bill and budget. With the Senate still to work out its revisions to the American Health Care Act, it may take some time before tax reform comes about. Border adjustment especially is meeting wide resistance, with pressure coming from major retailers such as Target and WalMart, who say the measure would create higher prices for customers and threaten their businesses. In addition, Mnuchin has said he'd rather leave the call for interest deduction alone, relaying concerns from small businesses and industries such as real estate, which depend on debt financing. Related Stories: Ryan Keeps Pushing on Border Adjustment Tax Plan Mnuchin to Kudlow: Trump Committed to Getting Tax Reform 'Quickly' © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront President Donald Trump Sunday tweeted that the process for tax cuts and reform are "ahead of schedule," but Washington's status quo is already taking its toll on some of the deep rate cuts Republicans are seeking, reports The Wall Street Journal."Eventually you run out of... Tax reform, President Donald Trump, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin, healthcare reform 332 Monday, 29 May 2017 11:02 AM 2017-02-29 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Goldman Vilified by Venezuelan Opposition Over Alleged Bond Deal Monday, 29 May 2017 22:05 PM Goldman Sachs Group Inc. was denounced by the head of Venezuela's legislature over a report that the bank bought $2.8 bi . . . Markets Not Afraid of NKorea Missile Tests Monday, 29 May 2017 22:07 PM If North Korea's multiple missile launches are worrying anyone, it does not seem to be investors in Asian stocks, The Wa . . . Bolton: No Chance for Trump to Secure Peace Deal Between Israel and Palestinians Monday, 29 May 2017 22:04 PM John Bolton, the former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations, told the Jerusalem Post on Monday that there was no chanc . . . More Most Commented DHS Chief Kelly: 'We're Not Hiding Behind a Wall' Friday, 26 May 2017 | 1012 comments No birth certificate, no college transcripts, no social security card, no... WashPost: Kushner, Russia Discussed Secret Communication Channel Friday, 26 May 2017 | 958 comments More wash post humor ...NO facts No evidence No named source.... Trump: WH 'Leaks' Are 'Fabricated Lies' by 'Fake News' Enemy Sunday, 28 May 2017 | 794 comments The FBI is looking into Kushner, while no one is looking into the FBI. It... Trump Declares Nine-Day Trip As a 'Home Run' Saturday, 27 May 2017 | 557 comments Well Done, Mr President. The hell with the BS detractors, on this page ,... Federal Appeals Court Uphold Block on Trump Travel Ban Thursday, 25 May 2017 | 551 comments Any future terrorist attack in America by foreign terrorist can no longer... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 29 May 2017 by Persistence Market Research Drinkable Peanut Powder Market to Cross US$ 800.0 Mn by 2024 PMR Long-term outlook on Drinkable Peanut Powder Market: PMR maintains a positive long-term outlook on the global drinkable peanut powder market, anticipating global revenue to exceed US$ 800.0 Mn by 2024, expanding at a CAGR of 5.6% during the forecast period and Global Market Growth Driven Primarily by North America, APEJ over Forecast Period 2016–2024 Persistence Market Research (PMR) estimates the global drinkable peanut powder market to be valued at US$ 518.3 Mn by 2016 end, and register Y-o-Y growth of 5.5% as compared to that in 2015 Key players in the global drinkable peanut powder market: The J.M. Smucker Company, Golden Peanut and Tree Nuts, Santa Cruz, Bell Research Companies, Peanut Butter & Co., The Tru-Nut Company, Sukrin Ltd., Protein Plus, LLC, BetterBody Foods, and Nutrinity. Factors such as increasing demand for beverages, nutritious products, and plant-based proteins coupled with increasing health consciousness and awareness among consumers, and increasing production and consumption of peanuts and peanuts-based products are expected to drive growth of the global drinkable peanut powder market. Additionally, increasing penetration of retail and online distribution by major retailers and favorable food regulation by government and regulatory bodies such as the FDA in North America and EFSA in Europe are expected to fuel the overall growth of the global drinkable peanut powder market. The increasing popularity and consumer preferences for online retail channel for purchasing drinkable peanut powder products is expected to result in significant growth over the forecast period. On the basis of product type, the global drinkable peanut powder market has been segmented into soluble (powder) and insoluble (particle). In terms of value share, soluble (powder) segment is expected to emerge the most attractive segment, with 64.1% share by 2024. This is attributed to the rich taste and easy solubility of soluble (powder) drinkable peanut powder products. On the basis of application, the global drinkable peanut powder market has been segmented into shakes, smoothies and flavored beverages. In terms of value share, shakes segment is expected to emerge the most attractive segment, with 44.8% market share by 2024, followed by smoothies segment with 34.9% market share. Request to view table of content @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/market-research/drinkable-peanut-powder-market/toc On the basis of distribution channel, the global drinkable peanut powder market has been segmented into super market & hypermarket, departmental stores, and online retailing. Super market & hypermarket is a major channel for sales of drinkable peanut powder. Super market & hypermarket segment is estimated to account for 46.2% market share of the global market by 2016 end, and anticipated to expand at a CAGR of 6.0% during the forecast period. Online retailing segment is estimated to be valued at US$ 143.2 Mn by 2016 end. Online retail is one of the most significant distribution channels used by various companies. Online retailers such as Amazon.com, Drugstore.com, Walmart.com, and Vitacost enable companies to enhance product penetration and expand consumer base. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/11227 As per regional segmentation analysis, North America is expected to account for 37.8% share in the global market by 2016 end, registering a CAGR of 5.7% over the forecast period. Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ) and Western Europe are major markets for drinkable peanut powder products. China and India are the major markets in the APEJ region. CategoriesGoogle News TagsDrinkable Peanut Powder, Drinkable Peanut Powder Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Thyroid Hormone Disorder Drug Industry Growth Analysis & Environment Development Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext Global Accounting Software Market Key Manufacturers Analysis 2017 Search Recent Posts Polyetherimide(PEI) Market Segmentation, Manufacturing Cost Analysis Including Key Raw Materials, Price Trend, Key Suppliers and Forecast 2022 Plastic Optical Fiber(POF) Market Competitive Landscape, Trends, Market Concentration Rate, Business Strategies 2022 Capillary Underfill Material Sales Market with Focus on Emerging Technologies, Regional Trends, Competitive Landscape, Regional Analysis & Forecasts to 2022 Ferrosilicon Market: Recent Study Including Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts Polyamide 12 (PA 12Nylon 12) Market Report 2017: Evonik, Arkema, EMS-Grivory Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Las Vegas Sun May 30, 2017 Currently: 87° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun News Business Sports Politics Opinion Entertainment Calendar Health Las Vegas Weekly The Sunday Betting Las Vegas Raiders UNLV sports Gaming Vegas Golden Knights Smith's World Newsletter signup 0 Why low unemployment has failed to spur large wage growth Minh Uong / The New York Times Worker pay isn’t rising as fast as low unemployment rates would suggest. That reflects low productivity growth, a major challenge for the economy. By Neil Irwin, New York Times News Service Monday, May 29, 2017 | 2 a.m. One of the economy’s biggest mysteries is this: The labor market is the strongest it has been in a decade, yet wages are rising barely faster than inflation. For some reason, the booming job market and ultralow unemployment rate, which fell to 4.4 percent in April, haven’t led employers to raise pay in a meaningful way. That flies in the face of a basic assumption of how the economy works: A tight labor market is expected to lead to pay increases that in turn fuel broader inflation. But the mystery of the missing pay raises may have a surprisingly simple solution, and one that sheds light on the larger economic challenges of our age. Consider a simple model for how much the average worker’s pay ought to be rising: You could simply add together the productivity growth rate — how rapidly the output generated by each hour of labor is increasing — and the inflation rate, which tells us how quickly prices are rising. Over the last 24 months through March, inflation has come in at 1.4 percent a year, and productivity growth at 0.6 percent. Those are very low numbers. And in our supersimple model, you may expect average worker wages to have risen only 2 percent. In fact, the average hourly earnings for nonmanagerial private sector workers rose 2.4 percent a year in that period. You may not feel like cheering about that, but it’s more than we might have expected, with inflation and productivity so weak. The real mystery, then, isn’t why wages are rising so slowly, but why they’re rising so fast. If anything, the numbers show that workers are capturing more than their share of the spoils from a growing economy. And that, as it happens, is the reverse of a decadeslong trend. For most of the last half-century — 84 percent of the time since 1966 — average wages have grown more slowly than would be predicted based on productivity and inflation growth. The rise in the share of employee compensation that takes the form of health benefits instead of wages is a factor, but doesn’t explain the whole gap; for long stretches, that gap exceeded 2 percentage points a year. That means the labor share of national income was shrinking, or, more plainly, that workers’ slice of the economic pie got smaller while the part taken by shareholders and other owners of capital grew. In the past few years, though, that trend has partly reversed: Workers’ slice of the pie has increased a bit. More than at any time since 1970, wage gains in the two years through June 2016 outstripped the gains predicted by inflation and productivity in our simple model. Why? Minimum wage increases in several states probably contributed. Obama administration efforts to shift the playing field toward workers may have helped, too. But we don’t know whether this is a temporary blip or the beginning of a trend in which employee paychecks will swell with a greater share of the fruits of economic growth. Surely, the low unemployment rate is an important factor. Economic theory tells us that when workers are scarce, employers have to raise wages, though it hasn’t always worked out that way: Wage growth underperformed productivity and inflation during some periods of low joblessness, including in the mid-1980s and mid-2000s. Indeed, economists at Goldman Sachs recently studied which factors drive wage trends in 10 major economies and identified low productivity growth as the main culprit behind the recent weakness in wage numbers around the world. (Low inflation, Jan Hatzius and Sven Jari Stehn found, has been “a negative but more temporary factor.”) Recently, labor costs have begun to grow faster than revenue for some companies, which attribute that development to a mix of government policy and general good times. “While food costs are pretty benign, you are seeing, certainly in some markets, some pretty good inflation rate in wages,” Patrick Doyle, chief executive of Domino’s Pizza, said in a recent conference call with analysts. “Some of it is a result of the minimum wage, but some of it is simply because there are areas in the country where employment levels are strong.” Even if we don’t have complete answers, that much is relatively straightforward. But the wage question quickly leads us into more difficult economic questions. Everything in macroeconomics is linked, though not in ways that are fully understood. The relationship between joblessness and inflation is known as the Phillips curve, for example, and it points downward: The lower the unemployment rate, the higher the inflation rate should be. Or at least that’s the theory, and one that is a starting assumption for a great deal of policymaking. The Federal Reserve Board reckons it can’t let the unemployment rate get too low, or a burst of inflation will come. In reality, though, the relationship between unemployment and inflation is not straightforward and seems to be always moving. Even less is known about the ties between wages and productivity. This is particularly important if, as our analysis of wage trends suggests, low productivity growth is the culprit behind Americans’ small inflation-adjusted pay increases during the last few years. One way of thinking about productivity growth is that it is rooted in unpredictable innovations that have little to do with anything else in the economy. Say a genius inventor creates a robot that mows your lawn perfectly. Human landscapers might lose their jobs, but if they find something worthwhile to do, the productive capacity of the economy will grow. The causation could go in other directions, however: Wage growth, or the lack of it, might affect innovation and productivity. Perhaps if businesses pay their employees as little as possible, for example, those companies will lose the incentive to train and develop more productive workers. Some employers, including mega-retailer Wal-Mart, have examined this problem and found that by paying somewhat more in wages, they get a more productive workforce. That suggests that the productivity slump could be a result of businesses that have failed to pass on the gains from a growing economy to their workers for decades. Some left-of-center economists are exploring whether a higher minimum wage or a stronger social welfare system might increase productivity growth and the supply of labor. Unfortunately, the picture isn’t entirely clear. The process by which businesses and their workers become more productive is something of a black box, deeply important yet not really understood. But perhaps we can at least ask better questions: The real mystery isn’t why wage growth is so low, but why productivity is so low. And solving it could leave both workers and their bosses better off. 0 Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Viewed Trending A-Tech in a class by itself: Magnet schools shine as models for public education Woman shot in back near I-15 and Sahara Unclaimed and unsung: A dignified end for forgotten veterans Rediscovering America: A quiz on Memorial Day Nevada lawmakers struggling with school voucher issue Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Dining: Lorena Garcia brings Chica to Vegas Music: Modest Mouse returns to Brooklyn Bowl Music: Bush takes over the Foundry Featured Galleries Memorial Day Ceremony Punk Rock Bowling Sunday Punk Rock Bowling Saturday More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 29 Mon 30 Tue 31 Wed 1 Thu 2 Fri Monday beer specials at Murphy’s Law Bar & Grill Murphy's Law Unlock Your Mondays Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas Human Experience at Hop Nuts Hop Nuts Brewing All events on Monday » Happy Hour at Panevino Panevino Ristorante Tuesday Nights at Tempo Lounge Westgate Las Vegas & Casino Geeks Who Drink Beerhaus at The Park, 3782 Las Vegas Blvd. S., Las Vegas, NV 89119 All events on Tuesday » Deja Vu Show and Dance Band South Point Showroom Winner Circle Wednesdays Rockhouse V - The Ultimate Variety Show V Theater inside Miracle Mile Shops All events on Wednesday » Playtime Thursdays Daylight Beach Club Live Music Thursdays Hyde Bellagio Absinthe Caesars Palace All events on Thursday » Cosmic Bowling Silver Nugget Casino Nashville Unplugged Club Madrid at Sunset Station Sapphire Comedy Hour Sapphire All events on Friday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Skip to content About DV Archives Donate Contact Us Submissions Books Links Browse by Topic “Aid”  (25) “The West”  (6) “Third” Party  (303) (Ex-)Yugoslavia  (109) /dev/null  (258) 9-11  (159) Abortion  (20) Academic Freedom  (170) Activism  (1,965) Adoption  (1) Afghanistan  (772) Africa  (172) Agriculture  (166) ALBA  (14) Algeria  (11) Anarchism  (163) Angola  (12) Anthropology  (3) Anti-slavery  (90) Anti-war  (1,113) Aotearoa (New Zealand)  (35) Apartheid  (3) Argentina  (63) Armenia  (16) Arts and/or Entertainment  (157) ASEAN  (1) Asia  (100) Assassinations  (215) Austerity  (192) Australia  (179) Austria  (16) Azerbaijan  (14) Bahrain  (55) Bangladesh  (24) Banks  (520) Barack Obama  (416) BDS (Boycott Divestment and Sanctions Movement)  (18) Beer  (5) Belarus  (9) Belgium  (22) Belize  (1) Blowback  (156) Bolivia (Warisata)  (85) Book Review  (548) Botswana  (5) Boycott  (187) Brazil  (123) BRICS  (29) Bulgaria  (10) Burkina Faso  (5) Burundi  (9) Cambodia  (44) Cameroon  (2) Canada  (567) Capitalism  (2,001) Carding/Profiling  (1) Caribbean  (28) Cartoon  (132) Caucasus  (41) Censorship  (260) Central African Republic  (1) Central Ixachilan (America)  (57) Chad  (1) Charter Schools  (5) Chemical weapons  (6) Children/Youth  (302) Chile  (72) China  (487) CIA  (339) Civil Disobedience  (108) Civil Liberties  (478) Classism  (746) Climate Change  (443) Cluster bombs  (6) Colombia  (108) Colonialism  (403) Communism/Marxism/Maoism  (209) Consumer Advocacy  (156) Corporate Globalization  (1,001) Corruption  (865) Costa Rica  (10) Crime  (225) Crimes against Humanity  (724) Crimes against Peace  (73) Cuba  (211) Culture  (1,059) Currency  (82) Cyber attacks  (25) Cyprus  (11) Czech Republic  (14) Darfur  (8) Death Penalty  (53) Debt  (130) Democracy  (1,338) Democratic Rep. Congo  (79) Democrats  (967) Denmark  (39) Disasters  (162) Discrimination  (438) Disinformation  (1,276) Djibouti  (8) Dominican Republic  (6) Donald Trump  (205) Drones  (287) Drug Wars  (131) East Timor  (26) Ecocide  (2) Ecology  (7) Economy/Economics  (1,449) Ecuador  (83) Education  (602) Egypt  (322) El Salvador  (24) Elections  (1,100) Empire  (798) Employment  (248) Energy  (391) EnMo Economics  (3) Environment  (1,026) Environmentalists  (61) Equatorial Guinea  (4) Eritrea  (17) Espionage/”Intelligence”  (630) Ethiopia  (38) EU  (262) Eurasia  (4) Europe  (213) Extinction  (22) Fake News  (24) False Flag  (24) Fascism  (300) FBI  (138) Federal Reserve  (2) Feminism  (44) Fiction  (73) Fiji  (1) Film Review  (187) Finance  (577) Finland  (12) Fishing/Fish farming  (23) Food/Nutrition  (247) Fracking  (114) France  (336) Freedom of Expression/Speech  (304) Gabon  (1) Gender  (162) General  (814) Genocide  (324) George W. Bush  (4) Georgia  (9) Germany  (235) Ghana  (2) Global Inequality  (2) GMO  (116) Greece  (191) Grenada  (6) Guantanamo  (78) Guatemala  (35) Guinea  (3) Guns  (107) Haiti  (150) Health/Medical  (750) Heroes  (122) History  (733) Honduras  (79) Housing/Homelessness  (221) Human Rights  (1,054) Humor  (156) Hungary  (18) Hunger  (107) Iceland  (36) IMF  (105) Immigration/Immigrants  (6) Imperialism  (1,399) Incarceration  (326) India  (218) Indonesia  (78) Insurance  (7) International Criminal Court  (35) International Law  (4) Internet  (118) Interview  (300) Iran  (764) Iraq  (1,149) Ireland  (37) Israel/Palestine  (2,956) Italy  (74) Ivory Coast  (3) Jamaica  (1) Japan  (222) Jordan  (74) Journalism  (97) Justice  (698) Kalaallit Nunaat/Greenland  (17) Kazakhstan  (3) Kenya  (10) Korea  (144) Kuwait  (40) Kyrgyzstan  (13) Labor  (720) Land Use  (2) Language  (232) Laos  (27) Latvia  (7) Leaving da Camera On  (2) Lebanon  (172) Legal/Constitutional  (434) LGBTQ  (68) Liberia  (2) Libertarianism  (34) Libya  (457) Life/Animal Rights  (213) Literature  (71) Logging  (22) Macedonia  (1) Malaysia  (24) Mali  (28) Marijuana  (11) Markets  (107) Massacres  (6) Mauritania  (1) Media  (2,182) Mercenaries  (209) Mexico  (180) Micronesia  (1) Middle East  (512) Migration  (202) Militarism  (2,755) Mining  (139) Money supply  (65) Mongolia  (3) Morocco  (14) Mossad  (41) Motor vehicles  (1) Mozambigue  (1) Music  (143) Myanmar/Burma  (38) Namibia  (7) Narrative  (345) NASA  (1) NATO  (457) Neoliberalism  (721) Nepal  (13) Netherlands  (15) New Orleans  (94) NGOs  (169) Nicaragua  (40) Niger  (1) Nigeria  (27) Norway  (48) NSA  (132) Nuclear Energy  (62) Nukes  (282) Obituary  (101) Occupy movement  (104) Oceania  (10) Oceans/Seas  (151) Oil, Gas, Coal, Pipelines  (465) Olympics  (9) Oman  (1) Opinion  (601) Original Peoples  (418) Osama Bin Laden  (51) Pakistan  (341) Panama  (23) Papua New Guinea  (3) Paraguay  (29) Patriotism  (65) Peru  (30) Pesticides  (42) Pharmaceuticals  (121) Philippines  (60) Philosophy  (336) Poetry  (1,493) Poland  (23) Police  (547) Political Prisoners  (94) Politics  (341) Pollution  (133) Portugal  (20) Poverty  (458) Prejudice  (437) Prison Industry  (6) Privacy  (141) Privatization  (153) Propaganda  (1,347) Psychology/Psychiatry  (205) Public Relations  (2) Puerto Rico  (34) Qatar  (109) Racism  (1,200) Referendums  (28) Refugees  (235) Religion  (563) Rendition  (15) Renewables  (65) Resistance  (573) Revolution  (420) Right Wing Jerks  (588) Romania  (7) Russia  (747) Rwanda  (55) Salmon  (23) Sanctions  (110) Satire  (205) Saudi Arabia  (330) School Yard Fights  (110) Science/Technology  (394) Security  (295) Serbia  (4) Settlements  (3) Sexuality  (95) Seychelles  (1) Sierra Leone  (4) Singapore  (4) Slavery  (5) Slovakia  (1) Social media  (64) Social Security  (136) Socialism  (360) Society  (4) Solidarity  (606) Solitary confinement  (5) Somalia  (90) South Africa  (74) South Ixachilan (America)  (161) South Sudan  (11) Spain  (88) Sports  (172) Sri Lanka  (60) Statism  (62) Students  (234) Sudan  (38) Supreme Court  (111) Sustainability  (112) Sweat shop  (30) Sweden  (58) Switzerland  (29) Syria  (840) Taiwan  (4) Tajikistan  (4) Tanzania  (6) Tax  (188) Tea Party movement  (123) Terrorism (state and retail)  (844) Thailand  (17) The Lobby  (333) Tibet  (9) Torture  (413) Torture  (3) TPP  (109) Trade  (105) Transparency/Secrecy  (50) Transportation  (68) Tunisia  (55) Turkey  (268) Turkmenistan  (2) Turtle Island  (55) Uganda  (31) Ukraine  (295) Unions  (343) United Arab Emirates  (35) United Kingdom  (917) United Nations  (591) United States  (42) Universal Basic Income  (3) Universities/Colleges  (5) Uruguay  (19) US Hypocrisy  (16) Uzbekistan  (5) Venezuela  (258) Video  (345) Viet Nam  (230) Vote  (4) Wage  (68) Wage Slavery  (3) Wall Street  (189) War Crimes  (987) Water  (153) Wealthfare  (1) Weaponry  (394) Weapons Sales  (24) West Papua  (9) Western Sahara  (6) Whistleblowing  (292) WikiLeaks  (235) Yemen  (220) Zambia  (2) Zimbabwe  (15) Zionism  (1,165) Poetry on Sunday Latest Articles Barging Through NATO: Donald Trump in Europe Binoy Kampmark / 05/29/2017 Theresa May’s Frankenstein Othello / 05/29/2017 Manchester Bombing: Message Still Not Understood Stuart Littlewood / 05/29/2017 Thursday marks the First Test of Donald Trump’s “Utimate Deal” Jonathan Cook / 05/29/2017 Snowbirds: Part of Canada’s Massive Military Cultural Outreach Yves Engler / 05/29/2017 We Don’t Need No Stinkin’ Liberals: One Good Lob of the Molotov Paul Haeder / 05/29/2017 The Subversive Element Paul Tristram / 05/28/2017 Puritan Left T.P. Wilkinson / 05/28/2017 Song of the Sioux Esther Vincent / 05/28/2017 I Edit my Life Michael Lee Johnson / 05/28/2017 Recommended Reading The CIA as Organized Crime: How Illegal Operations Corrupt America and the World Douglas Valentine The Structural-Anarchism Manifesto Michel Luc Bellemare Being in Time: A Post-Political Manifesto Gilad Atzmon Washington's Long War on Syria Stephen Gowans Requiem for the American Dream Noam Chomsky Debt as Power Tim Di Muzio and Richard H. Robbins The Drug War: A Trillion Dollar Con Game Brian Saady A Propaganda System: How Canada’s Government, Corporations, Media and Academia Sell War Yves Engler J Is for Junk Economics: A Guide to Reality in an Age of Deception Michael Hudson How to Win Friends and Avoid Sacred Cows: Weird Adventures in India: Hindus, Sikhs, and Muslims When the Peace Corps was New David Macaray More books » We Don’t Need No Stinkin’ Liberals: One Good Lob of the Molotov by Paul Haeder / May 29th, 2017 In B. Traven’s novel, The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1927): “All right,” Curtin shouted back. “If you are the police, where are your badges? Let’s see them.” “Badges, to god-damned hell with badges! We have no badges. In fact, we don’t need badges. I don’t have to show you any stinking badges, you god-damned cabrón and chinga tu madre!” The line was popularized by John Huston’s 1948 film adaptation of the novel, which was altered from its content in the novel to meet the Motion Picture Production Code regulations severely limiting profanity in film. In one scene, a Mexican bandit leader named “Gold Hat” (portrayed by Alfonso Bedoya) tries to convince Fred C. Dobbs (Humphrey Bogart) that he and his company are Federales: Dobbs: “If you’re the police, then where are your badges?” Gold Hat: “Badges? We ain’t got no badges. We don’t need no badges. I don’t have to show you any stinkin’ badges!” So they call you in for a little talk. No worries, just come on in and we need to talk. No bothering to bring in anything with you. Nor anyone else shall be here to bear witness. Door closes. Hands crossed. Little envelope in hand. You sit there, wondering how an old white woman with a slew of white women in her stable can come at a black woman and begin to lecture on the tone of things. It’s one half degree removed from being called an uppity black woman. Imagine this, and you attempt to hold your ground – self-advocate as we tell all our vulnerable clients to do so – and then each smart retort to the fool’s reasoning for terminating gets her louder and louder. You’ve got that smart phone recording it, the crescendo of someone who is supposed to be superior, going white old woman Trump on you. Except, oh, these faux liberals make fun of Trump, but the perversion is their leader, really, the realm of any Trump their fathers, uncles, ministers, former bosses, et al. You try and get some rational reason for the sack, for taking away income and health insurance. For stripping clients of their social worker. Why oh why is this system so flawed, non-profits the real culprits, self serving, self aggrandizing, self loathing, self important, all in one giant spasm of a faux supervisor sacking instead of shooting for something else. Personal improvement plan? Working with massaging language? Or, how about this change/fix, instead of a pink slip: Hiring some African American diversity expert to teach the entire white mess of non-profits what it means to be white and privileged and black and emancipated in a racist/white supremacy country, state (Oregon)? Your heart sinks, age thirty-two, single parent, black woman looking at the hour glass of white man/woman time. You wonder how these so-called Hillary liberals turned into human wrecks, snitches, mean and recriminating and downright against what it is to be heading up a social services agency. You do not bend or compromise, and the flagging white woman is phlegmatic, unstoppable, insane. Mean, punishing, a sad commentary on so many levels of what it means to be a worker in society lorded over by the lesser ones. Little Eichmanns, money chasers for the poverty-insanity-social work pimping. Daily, these non-profits going through wads of cash for marketing and branding, for building and maintenance, for the pomp of appearing to be modern, new, cutting edge. Branding while workers are stressed, under huge case loads, under the smear of money out the window for new vehicles and endless wasteful highly-paid conferences, junkets, trainings. While workers with degrees are lining up for food boxes. Three to a couch. What have you. This is Portland, this is SF, this is LA, this is Phoenix, this is Chicago, this is America the morning after being screwed for decades by the shekel stampers, all those effete soldiers of finance. All that numbers and data collecting. All these endless ways to make social work or teaching or medicine one giant Excel Spreadsheet. We can spell it with a p and a r and an e . . . . PRE-carity. Constant fight or flight of the mind. Hobbled by one paycheck away from poorhouse, one crappy supervisor making one of a million crappy management (sic) decisions away from pink slip. This is my day and a life as a social worker. What sort of hostile work environment is it when one of the team is sacked within minutes of a day’s start? I’ve been pink slipped, frog marched out of a cubicle or office. These levelers and these places are cesspools of injustice and retribution and small-mindedness. Shift now to the large frame, thirty-five thousand feet up: Precarity, lack of safety nets, zilch for social services paid for and delivered for-by-because of the people. Over and over, the same problem we have in USA – privatization of everything EXCEPT the external costs of corporations doing the business of polluting air, water, land, neighborhoods, economics, cultures, families, ecosystems, education, culture, art, space, public will – is moving like a plague through the rest of the exceptional white world of Canada-Europe-Australia-UK. Variations on a theme, and we are all lobotomized, horned into cognitive disassociation, as if six decades of Stockholm Syndrome have begotten the current shits of the world, from Kissinger to Reagan to Bush-squared to Clinton semi-squared, from Trump to Obama. We actually listen to the media and to the Paul Ryans and the Donald Trumps and all the amazingly perverted and sick people in and around him or those on the other side of the Wall Street-Military Industrial Complex hallway, Democrats. Ad nauseam, these so-called progressive magazines, radio stations, book writers, intellectuals, pundits. Amazing, they just blather on and on about geo-politics or the kabuki of DC or the power of China (no why’s) over the intellectual and economic slid of the EU or USA; all of them, from lobbyists to the very elite, even the lefties have very little backbone to be for and by the people. I am finding very few “college educated” and “business schooled” people knowing shit about what it is to be precarious and on the edge of bankruptcy. Living a life of one eye on the want ads. Each job is temporary, and the attitudes and directives and actual practices of whatever social justice cause might be applied, all of it is measured by the fear and paranoia and dissatisfaction of the worker. Managers are monsters, and the media, well, they are the monster protectors. You know, social workers, teachers, workers, far and wide. The allure of getting an Amy Goodman on the air, or even Joseph Stiglitz or Ralph Nader or Chris Hedges, that is, having their voice boxes and literary spasms be “the all” defining voice of the opposition is more dangerous than any phalanx of Trumpies getting on the air or in the bed of the enemy, whomever that is (Saudi Arabia, Israel, Turkey, et al). How many poor teachers and social workers and others in the trenches get on those liberal shows? Think, zero! Here’s why – the benefactors of the left-wing are afraid of their own shadows, and believe the ideology of well-tossed Molotovs is worse than anything the corporations in cahoots with the government (politicians) are setting the world up for. We are not talking about non-violent economic and structural “violence,” but a systematic violent attack on all fronts – education, culture, economics, through public space, the commons. This indebtedness we all barely breathe under is worse than Molotovs tossed at a Bill Gates compound or some satellite guided yacht. They are the controlled opposition – these idiots yammering on and on about Trump this and Trump that — when the entire ranch – capitalism and demented democracy – is on the chopping/auction block. The vagaries of my life in real time, just over the course of one year, from age 59 to now 60, with a bloody (in the British sense of the word bloody) road-map of twists and turns throughout my adult life, seem to infect what I thought would be a new way to frame the unfolding events of history and my own life evolving. In one sense, validation is the real time of precarity I am living through. The terminal velocity free-fall toward bedlam or extinction has been duly captured here at DV as the editors have graciously published a good chunk of my life going way back to 2006 — “This Land is Your Land, and We All Are Illegal Aliens“. Daily, though, there are a thousand cuts, death by a million drops to the forehead, each new day of not just silliness of the marketing/popular consumer-art-thinking kind, but each minute monetized to put billions into penury and perpetual debt, and each nanosecond plotted to take from the majority, from the people, from cultures still vibrant and firmly NOT American. I would have to say a year has brought me to tears and to the armor of steeled resoluteness of a warrior, and for fuck’s sake, there are good warriors and bad ones, to be sure. Some days it’s Willy Loman, then Walter Middy, then Ted Kaczynski, then Diego Rivera, then Che and then just plain old tree hugging vegetarian former English teacher and reprobate journalist. Luckily, a 21 year old daughter is in the mix, and a significant other and her daughter, a load of friends, and my own precarity like a punch drunk dance in the middle of a hay field with a five gallon bucket of napalm! Mamma said that when I would enter a room, the entire place would know it was me coming in. She was right, from age four, “here comes the little man,” to my twenties and thirties, “every-man,” and then forties “man’s man,” and fifties like a bush fire in the Amazon – fecund, multilayered, full of the lust of life. Throughout the slipstream of life, I’ve been everyone’s brother, every student’s uncle, every girlfriend’s rock, and every wife’s dervish. Irish-German-Scot – born in San Pedro, lived in the Azores and then moved to Canada, then Paris, then, well, from Arizona to the over-thrust of Mejico and the hot lava of the central plains. This or that Isthmus, impenetrable thinker, tinker, troubadour. This bearing witness now, aged 60, well, it makes sense that the way of the Molotov is the only way for some of us. Now what does this mean, “way of the Molotov”? Is it emblematic or symbolic or allegorical? What does it mean to witness all the rapes and murders, daily, minute to minute, through the rampage of bureaucracies of punishment and the debt-plague of the monied elite? We can rebuke and rebuff, these systems of anti-humanity. We can placate our own measly existences, and bargain with this or that lesser devil or angel. It’s what we do, even the deplorables of the Trumplandia disease do their bargaining. We have to bargain life and bargain how much we can commit to a cause or to the revolution, set against the revulsion they all precipitate: Hollywood to Walton to Zuckerberg to Obama to the mercenaries of industry to the faux pundits and communicators of our own cultural anti-culture context. No matter how one square’s it all, though, the pain of those sackings and firings, and the insipidness of the controllers and lesser ones supervising the greater ones, it’s still nerve wracking and despicable. This is not a time to throw one’s hands in the air. It is a time of revolt. And that is not the seminarian revolt, no sirree. We don’t need no stinkin’ badge or no stinkin’ intellectual or no stinkin’ commentator to tell us how to rebel and why we should revolt. All those people wielding power, and they tap dance and soft shoe their way into their corners of lies. It’s only going to take old men and young women, kids and Latinos/as. It’s only going to take retirees and students. It’s only going to take workers and middlings. Farmers, drifters, ex-cons, the homeless, the smart, the downtrodden and the entire precarious class. People of color. Molotovs tossed at the ramparts — JP Morgan Chase, Walmart, McDonalds, Starbucks, Amazon-dot-com. Simple street skirmishes, against the material battering rams the elites and controllers have shoved down our throats and the throats of the yet to be born. How many laws and regs and written-down rules and courses on how to build consensus and make nice will it take to finally strip away the nanny state syndrome and create real revolutionary girls and boys, street people and coders. Add to that the beautiful things. Serendipity. Nirvana. Each intersection with humanity I have, daily, I mean to engender a serious spark or galvanized human exchange . . .  and I mean to have each one of those humanity moments flutter into my mitochondria, to stay with me until the blast furnace of death overcomes me. I want my own terminal velocity to be accompanied by the memories of so many interludes with humanity, in struggle, to be sure, but in their beauty to survive-resist-rebel. Paul Kirk Haeder has been a journalist since 1977. He's covered police, environment, planning and zoning, county and city politics, as well as working in true small town/community journalism situations in Arizona, New Mexico, Texas, Mexico and beyond. He's been a part-time faculty since 1983, and as such has worked in prisons, gang-influenced programs, universities, colleges, alternative high schools, language schools, as a private contractor-writing instructor for US military in Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, and Washington. A forthcoming book (Dec. 15, 2016), Reimagining Sanity: Voices Beyond the Echo Chamber, looks at 10 years of his writing at Dissident Voice, and before, to bring defiance to the world that is now lobotomizing at a rate never before seen in history. Read his autobiography, weekly chapter installments, at LA Progressive. Read other articles by Paul, or visit Paul's website. This article was posted on Monday, May 29th, 2017 at 2:00am and is filed under Activism, Anarchism, Anti-war, Blowback, Capitalism, Crime, Empire, Global Inequality, Patriotism, Philosophy, Politics, Racism, Resistance, Revolution, Socialism, Solidarity. All content © 2007-2017 Dissident Voice and respective authors | Subscribe to the DV RSS feed | Top
