10/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programs Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All programs Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News Europe World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views World 10/05/2017 Trump triggers political storm over Comey sacking Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "If the administration had objections to the way Director Comey handled the Clinton investigation, they had those objections the minute the president got into office.But they didn't fire him. Then why did it happen today?"" Chuck Schumer US Senate Democratic leader World 10/05/2017 'Party divisions' as far-right Marechal-Le Pen says she's quiting politics Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""Socialist party id dead"" Manuel Valls Former French Prime Minister World 09/05/2017 US to arm Syrian Kurds in battle with ISIL to retake Raqqa Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view ""We're keenly aware of the security concerns of our coalition partners in Turkey"" Sean Spicer White House Spokesman Business 09/05/2017 Battle for the bottle: cork fight back Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Consumers all over the world have huge preference for cork stoppers" Joao Rui Ferreira APCOR, Portugal's cork producers' association World 09/05/2017 Third arrest in German army attack probe Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "We are not through the worst of it yet" Ursula von der Leyen Defence Minister Business 09/05/2017 EU warns Macron over French budget deficit Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "I am convinced that France can and must now emerge from the European Commission's excessive deficit procedure" Pierre Moscovici European Commissioner for Economic and Financial Affairs World 09/05/2017 Brexit questioned as Labour launches UK election campaign Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "The question now is what sort of Brexit we want." Jeremy Corbyn Labour Party leader World 09/05/2017 Christian governor of Jakarta imprisoned for blasphemy Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet more quotes Weather Bulletin Live Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' Aa Aa Now Reading: Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' 10/05/2017 Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' REUTERS 10/05/2017 By Jeffrey Dastin SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) – Earlier this year, engineers at Wal-Mart Stores Inc who track rivals’ prices online got a rude surprise: the technology they were using to check Amazon.com several million times a day suddenly stopped working. Losing access to Amazon.com Inc’s data was no small matter. Like most big retailers, Wal-Mart relies on computer programs that scan prices on competitors’ websites so it can adjust its listings accordingly. A difference of even 50 cents can mean losing a sale. But a new tactic by Amazon to block these programs – known commonly as robots or bots – thwarted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer. Its technology unit, @WalmartLabs, was unable to work around the blockade for weeks, forcing it to retrieve Amazon’s data through a secondary source, according to a person familiar with the matter who was not authorized to speak publicly. The previously unreported incident offers a case study in how Amazon’s technological prowess is helping it dominate the retail competition. Now the largest online retailer in the world, Amazon is best known by consumers for its fast delivery, huge product catalogue and ambitious moves into areas like original TV programming. But its mastery of the complex, behind-the-scenes technologies that power modern e-commerce is just as important to its success. Dexterity with bots allows Amazon not only to see what its rivals are doing, but increasingly to keep them in the dark when it undercuts them on price or is quietly charging more. “Benchmarking against Amazon is going to become hard,” said Guru Hariharan, a former Amazon manager who now sells pricing software to retailers as chief executive of Mountain View, California-based Boomerang Commerce. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to discuss the January episode but said the company improves its technology regularly and has multiple tools for tracking items. He said the company offers value not only through pricing but from discounts for in-store pickup and other benefits. A spokeswoman for Amazon said the company is aware of competitors using bots to check its listings and denied any “campaign” to stop them. “Nothing has changed recently in how we manage bots on our site,” she said. Still, she said, “we prioritize humans over bots as needed.” Bots can slow down a website, a big motivator for retailers to block them. Reuters interviewed 21 people familiar with bots and how they are deployed, including current and former Wal-Mart employees, former Amazon employees and outside specialists. Many spoke only on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the issues publicly. Most pointed to Amazon’s leadership in the burgeoning bot wars. [For graphic – click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qXbYfT] The company’s technological edge has been good for its profit margin, and it’s proving a winning formula for investors. Shares of the internet powerhouse have risen about 15-fold since the market’s bottom in March 2009, while the S&P 500 has more than tripled in value. Amazon hit $100 billion in annual sales in 2015 – faster than any company in history, it said. BRAVE NEW WORLD Bot-driven pricing has represented a massive change for the retail industry since Amazon helped pioneer the practice more than a decade ago. Traditionally, brick-and-mortar stores changed prices no more than weekly because of the time and expense needed to swap labels by hand. In the world of e-commerce, though, retailers update prices with ease, sometimes multiple times a day, helped by algorithms that consider inventory levels, sales forecasts and rivals’ pricing data. To stay in the game, companies such as online wholesaler Boxed, based in New York, depend on a variety of methods including bots to ensure they do not lag others’ price moves for even 20 minutes. “That’s like a lifetime during Christmas,” said Chief Executive Chieh Huang, whose company sells bulk staples like toilet paper and pet food. “If we’re not decently priced, we’ll see it almost immediately” in sales declines. DISGUISED AS HUMANS Using bots to view massive amounts of data on public websites – a process known as crawling or scraping – has many purposes. Alphabet Inc’s Google, for example, constantly crawls the Web to gather information for its search engine results and to sell ads. In e-commerce, though, the use of bots has developed into a cat-and-mouse game. Companies try to thwart the practice on their own websites while aiming to penetrate their competitors’ defences. Third-party services abound to help less-savvy retailers. [For diagram – click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qX4DwB] To protect data from rivals, some retail websites use what’s known as a “CAPTCHA” – typically a distorted string of letters and numbers that humans can read but most bots can’t. Amazon shies away from the practice because it annoys some customers. For merchants seeking to evade such defences, disguising their computer programs as real shoppers is key. Some pricing technology experts have programmed computer cursors to meander through a Web page in the way a person might, instead of going directly to the prized data. Another technique is to use multiple computer addresses so that retailers cannot track a barrage of clicks to a single source. “It is an arms race,” said Keith Anderson, a senior vice president at e-commerce analytics firm Profitero, based in Ireland. “Every week or every month, there’s some new approach from both sides.” Amazon’s manoeuvre that halted Wal-Mart in January took aim at a specialized Web browser called PhantomJS. Unlike, say, Internet Explorer, this browser is designed specifically for programmers – a telltale clue that its users are not typical shoppers. Amazon put up a digital curtain to hide its listings from PhantomJS users, according to three people familiar with the situation. It was unclear how the move, which was not aimed at Wal-Mart in particular, affected other companies. Tests conducted in recent weeks for Reuters show that among major U.S. retail chains, Amazon had by far the most sophisticated bot detection in place, both for its home page and for two popular items selected by Reuters because they change price frequently – a De’Longhi coffee maker and a Logitech webcam. The tests were run by San Francisco-based Distil Networks, which sells anti-bot tools. In one of the tests, Distil programmed bots to hit each retailer’s website 3,000 times, but slowly enough to mimic a person clicking through listings. This tricked most retail behemoths, but not Amazon. Blocked bots would not have seen, for instance, that Amazon’s price for the De’Longhi espresso machine changed four times in a single 24-hour period starting on the morning of April 25, according to price tracking website camelcamelcamel.com. During that time, the price swung by more than 10 percent, from a low of $80.06 to $88.16. SWARMING WITH BOTS Despite Amazon’s capabilities, the sheer volume of crawling on its site is staggering. At times, as many as 80 percent of the clicks on Amazon product listings have been from bots, people familiar with the matter say, compared with just a third or more of the traffic on other large sites. In addition to rivals seeking price data, that traffic includes bots from university researchers studying competition, search engines, advertising services and even fraudsters trying to break into Amazon accounts. For Wal-Mart, a small group in Silicon Valley directs its automated pricing strategy while dozens of engineers in India and around the world handle the code, current and former Wal-Mart employees said. Amazon had about 40 engineers who would covertly extract and organise rivals’ data with bots as of several years ago, one of the people interviewed said. Amazon did not discuss the size or structure of its teams working with bots. According to one U.S. patent application, Amazon is working on encryption technology that would force bots, but not humans, to solve a complicated algorithm to gain access to its Web pages. [For full patent record – click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qXbYwp] “Amazon has both the competency to detect bot traffic and the wherewithal to do something about it,” said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon manager and now managing director of Madrona Venture Group. That “isn’t the case for most retailers.” (Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Marla Dickerson) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories USA 10/05/2017 Trump triggers political storm over Comey sacking Syria 09/05/2017 US to arm Syrian Kurds in battle with ISIL to retake Raqqa Iraq 09/05/2017 Mosul offensive "in final phase" Most viewed USA 10/05/2017 Trump "terminates" FBI chief James Comey Iraq 09/05/2017 Mosul offensive "in final phase" Thailand 09/05/2017 Car bomb explodes outside Thai supermarket world news 09/05/2017 Down but not out: the curious case of Belgium's graffiti ghost town Russia 09/05/2017 Moscow military parade celebrates victory over Nazi Germany Editor's choice world news 09/05/2017 'The Journey' of two men who buried the hatchet and brought peace to Northern... world news 08/05/2017 Banksy shows workman removing star from EU flag world news 09/05/2017 Liberty, equality, subversion: French ballot box humour Flashback: one year ago Turkey 10/05/2016 Turkey: car bomb kills three in Diyarbakir Pakistan 10/05/2016 Pakistan: Ex-PM's son rescued in Afghanistan Philippines 10/05/2016 Rodrigo Duterte: from "The Punisher" to president France 10/05/2016 French cabinet votes to force through controversial labour reforms economy 10/05/2016 Greece moves closer to a loan deal with its eurozone lenders Editor's choice world news 09/05/2017 'The Journey' of two men who buried the hatchet and brought peace to Northern... world news 08/05/2017 Banksy shows workman removing star from EU flag world news 09/05/2017 Liberty, equality, subversion: French ballot box humour world news 09/05/2017 Down but not out: the curious case of Belgium's graffiti ghost town focus 08/05/2017 Extremists’ prey - the young and vulnerable world news 08/05/2017 What Emmanuel Macron has said about Brexit world news 09/05/2017 United Airlines: Owners of giant dead rabbit suspect foul play world news 04/05/2017 Huge new iceberg twice the size of Luxembourg 'could be imminent' no comment 30/04/2017 Finns compete in annual hobby horse championship Channels Weather Bulletin Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Browse today's tags France Emmanuel Macron French presidential election 2017 Russia USA Immigration Politics Clashes and riots Verticals Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programs Channels Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes 10/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' By Reuters Published: 01:11 EDT, 10 May 2017 | Updated: 01:11 EDT, 10 May 2017 e-mail By Jeffrey Dastin SAN FRANCISCO, May 10 (Reuters) - Earlier this year, engineers at Wal-Mart Stores Inc who track rivals' prices online got a rude surprise: the technology they were using to check Amazon.com several million times a day suddenly stopped working. Losing access to Amazon.com Inc's data was no small matter. Like most big retailers, Wal-Mart relies on computer programs that scan prices on competitors' websites so it can adjust its listings accordingly. A difference of even 50 cents can mean losing a sale. But a new tactic by Amazon to block these programs - known commonly as robots or bots - thwarted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer. Its technology unit, @WalmartLabs, was unable to work around the blockade for weeks, forcing it to retrieve Amazon's data through a secondary source, according to a person familiar with the matter who was not authorized to speak publicly. The previously unreported incident offers a case study in how Amazon's technological prowess is helping it dominate the retail competition. Now the largest online retailer in the world, Amazon is best known by consumers for its fast delivery, huge product catalog and ambitious moves into areas like original TV programming. But its mastery of the complex, behind-the-scenes technologies that power modern e-commerce is just as important to its success. Dexterity with bots allows Amazon not only to see what its rivals are doing, but increasingly to keep them in the dark when it undercuts them on price or is quietly charging more. "Benchmarking against Amazon is going to become hard," said Guru Hariharan, a former Amazon manager who now sells pricing software to retailers as chief executive of Mountain View, California-based Boomerang Commerce. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to discuss the January episode but said the company improves its technology regularly and has multiple tools for tracking items. He said the company offers value not only through pricing but from discounts for in-store pickup and other benefits. A spokeswoman for Amazon said the company is aware of competitors using bots to check its listings and denied any "campaign" to stop them. "Nothing has changed recently in how we manage bots on our site," she said. Still, she said, "we prioritize humans over bots as needed." Bots can slow down a website, a big motivator for retailers to block them. Reuters interviewed 21 people familiar with bots and how they are deployed, including current and former Wal-Mart employees, former Amazon employees and outside specialists. Many spoke only on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the issues publicly. Most pointed to Amazon's leadership in the burgeoning bot wars. [For graphic - click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qXbYfT ] The company's technological edge has been good for its profit margin, and it's proving a winning formula for investors. Shares of the internet powerhouse have risen about 15-fold since the market's bottom in March 2009, while the S&amp;P 500 has more than tripled in value. Amazon hit $100 billion in annual sales in 2015 - faster than any company in history, it said. BRAVE NEW WORLD Bot-driven pricing has represented a massive change for the retail industry since Amazon helped pioneer the practice more than a decade ago. Traditionally, brick-and-mortar stores changed prices no more than weekly because of the time and expense needed to swap labels by hand. In the world of e-commerce, though, retailers update prices with ease, sometimes multiple times a day, helped by algorithms that consider inventory levels, sales forecasts and rivals' pricing data. To stay in the game, companies such as online wholesaler Boxed, based in New York, depend on a variety of methods including bots to ensure they do not lag others' price moves for even 20 minutes. "That´s like a lifetime during Christmas," said Chief Executive Chieh Huang, whose company sells bulk staples like toilet paper and pet food. "If we're not decently priced, we'll see it almost immediately" in sales declines. DISGUISED AS HUMANS Using bots to view massive amounts of data on public websites - a process known as crawling or scraping - has many purposes. Alphabet Inc's Google, for example, constantly crawls the Web to gather information for its search engine results and to sell ads. In e-commerce, though, the use of bots has developed into a cat-and-mouse game. Companies try to thwart the practice on their own websites while aiming to penetrate their competitors' defenses. Third-party services abound to help less-savvy retailers. [For diagram - click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qX4DwB ] To protect data from rivals, some retail websites use what's known as a "CAPTCHA" - typically a distorted string of letters and numbers that humans can read but most bots can't. Amazon shies away from the practice because it annoys some customers. For merchants seeking to evade such defenses, disguising their computer programs as real shoppers is key. Some pricing technology experts have programmed computer cursors to meander through a Web page in the way a person might, instead of going directly to the prized data. Another technique is to use multiple computer addresses so that retailers cannot track a barrage of clicks to a single source. "It is an arms race," said Keith Anderson, a senior vice president at e-commerce analytics firm Profitero, based in Ireland. "Every week or every month, there's some new approach from both sides." Amazon's maneuver that halted Wal-Mart in January took aim at a specialized Web browser called PhantomJS. Unlike, say, Internet Explorer, this browser is designed specifically for programmers - a telltale clue that its users are not typical shoppers. Amazon put up a digital curtain to hide its listings from PhantomJS users, according to three people familiar with the situation. It was unclear how the move, which was not aimed at Wal-Mart in particular, affected other companies. Tests conducted in recent weeks for Reuters show that among major U.S. retail chains, Amazon had by far the most sophisticated bot detection in place, both for its home page and for two popular items selected by Reuters because they change price frequently - a De'Longhi coffee maker and a Logitech webcam. The tests were run by San Francisco-based Distil Networks, which sells anti-bot tools. In one of the tests, Distil programmed bots to hit each retailer's website 3,000 times, but slowly enough to mimic a person clicking through listings. This tricked most retail behemoths, but not Amazon. Blocked bots would not have seen, for instance, that Amazon's price for the De'Longhi espresso machine changed four times in a single 24-hour period starting on the morning of April 25, according to price tracking website camelcamelcamel.com. During that time, the price swung by more than 10 percent, from a low of $80.06 to $88.16. SWARMING WITH BOTS Despite Amazon's capabilities, the sheer volume of crawling on its site is staggering. At times, as many as 80 percent of the clicks on Amazon product listings have been from bots, people familiar with the matter say, compared with just a third or more of the traffic on other large sites. In addition to rivals seeking price data, that traffic includes bots from university researchers studying competition, search engines, advertising services and even fraudsters trying to break into Amazon accounts. For Wal-Mart, a small group in Silicon Valley directs its automated pricing strategy while dozens of engineers in India and around the world handle the code, current and former Wal-Mart employees said. Amazon had about 40 engineers who would covertly extract and organize rivals' data with bots as of several years ago, one of the people interviewed said. Amazon did not discuss the size or structure of its teams working with bots. According to one U.S. patent application, Amazon is working on encryption technology that would force bots, but not humans, to solve a complicated algorithm to gain access to its Web pages. [For full patent record - click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qXbYwp ] "Amazon has both the competency to detect bot traffic and the wherewithal to do something about it," said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon manager and now managing director of Madrona Venture Group. That "isn't the case for most retailers." (Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Additional reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; Editing by Jonathan Weber and Marla Dickerson) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Painting more than the town! Corrie beauty Helen Flanagan suffers a make-up mishap as she flaunts her slim legs in white shorts suit on night out Booty queens Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid pose in skimpy bikinis on girls' trip to secret tropical paradise The pair put on a stunning display  A very fit romance! Robert Pattinson and FKA twigs go for a jog together in Malibu The couple worked up a sweat as they hit the coastal trails Blowup in the Big Apple? Jessica Biel appears to storm off ahead of husband Justin Timberlake as he calls out to her in NYC Heated Charlotte Riley strips off for provocative nude scenes in WWII series... ahead of playing Duchess Of Cambridge in controversial drama King Charles III Skintight jodhpurs. Champers galore. After Harry and Meghan's kiss, why our frisky royals can't resist a spot of passion at the polo Countess of Wessex is the belle of the ball! Glamorous European royals assemble to mark King Harald and Queen Sonja of Norway's 80th birthday New hair, don't care! TOWIE's Megan McKenna shows off her pink tinted bob as she opts for a low-key look during Mallorca minibreak Not so mellow yellow! Khloe Kardashian wears very daring swimsuit to promote new protein shakes   The 32-year-old left little to the imagination 'Pasta getting the Duff Duff sums up Eastenders': Twitter is outraged as Denise empties pasta into a saucepan in 'worst ever cliffhanger' scene Pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe proudly showcases her growing baby bump in a black bikini as she prepares to welcome first child with Greg Lake PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ready for bikini season! Katy Perry splashes in surf as she shows off svelte shape in favorite swimsuit during Mexican getaway The Great British Bake Off's Ruby Tandoh launches foul-mouthed rant at 'look how rich I am' chefs Nigella Lawson and Tom Kerridge The only guy she needs! Kourtney Kardashian hugs son Mason while running errands together in Beverly Hills Mother-son day 'We should all be feminists': Karlie Kloss steps out in statement t-shirt paired with ripped denims in NYC Sending a not-so subtle message Bow down! Beyonce shows off her glamorous maternity style as she poses it up for date night Showed off her coveted pregnancy style Relaxed Stephen Belafonte makes supervised visit with daughter Madison, five, as bitter divorce from Mel B drags on Granted permission Running for the hills! Blac Chyna gets in some power walking in all-black workout attire after sharing cute snaps of baby girl Dream I have an eating disorder, says chef Lorraine Pascale: Saturday Kitchen star admits struggling with her body image despite working as a model  MIC's Louise Thompson displays her enviably chiselled torso in tiny string bikini as she commences FIFTH getaway of the year with beau Ryan Libbey Slumber party! Olivia Culpo steps out in white dress and satin trench for National Sleepover Day in NYC Turned the sidewalk into her runway All puffed out! Newly sober Miley Cyrus takes her dog Mary Jane for a hike in the Hollywood Hills Seen walking one of her seven dogs Puppy is handful for Lady Kitty: Diana's niece snuggles up to her sister's new pet pooch  With Lady Amelia's new pooch, George, in South Africa this week  Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her growing baby bump in fitted black maxi dress and retro shades while grabbing lunch in Malibu Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber, 15, dons leggy lace Marc Jacobs mini-dress at Daisy bash She's a dead ringer for her mum Leather mama! Cindy Crawford rocks motorcycle jacket with matching pants in Beverly Hills Make-up free supermodel PICTURED: The moment 'worse for wear' Katie Price cosies up to a mystery man in Miami... before putting on a united front with husband Kieran Hayler Rock 'n' roll love story: Jimmy Page, 73, and much younger girlfriend Scarlett Sabet, 26, cosy up at Pink Floyd exhibition launch in London Lisa Riley vows not to become addicted to cosmetic surgery... as she prepares to have second procedure in three months to remove excess skin Nicole Murphy shows off her fabulous figure in a shirt dress as she shops for groceries with her mom Ellen Mitchell Leaving the supermarket after a shop Could this spell the end of Kristina Rihanoff's Strictly career? How new judge Shirley Ballas is one of a VERY long list of the 'Siberian Siren's' love rivals SPOILER ALERT: No wonder she's smiling! Coronation Street's Bethany Platt FINALLY throws a PUNCH at abusive boyfriend Nathan Curtis on set Millie Mackintosh flaunts her slender frame in chic blouse and ripped jeans while Lucy Watson exhibits her toned pins in tiny skirt for restaurant event PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pippa Middleton and James Matthews can't keep their hands off each other as they put on a cosy display at church before wedding 'Someone is wearing Hazza's shirt!' Fans spot Harry Styles' rumoured new flame Tess Ward wearing his top... as 'romance' leaves Directioners divided Real Housewives fraudster Teresa Giudice gets over her legal woes as she flaunts bikini figure on Italy trip  Supervised release? Is that you Megan? TOWIE's McKenna debuts shock PINK tresses as she sizzles in an array of extremely scanty swimsuits for sexy new shoot  'She could bring lots to the table': Rebekah Vardy 'is in talks' for appearance on next series of I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! 'Mom bribes': Kim Kardashian had to give daughter North, three, a lollipop before she'd model kids clothing line She's learning some diva moves She's red hot! Hailey Baldwin goes TOPLESS and covers her breasts with a pair of racy latex gloves in racy new ModelCo campaign Striking Sober Lucy Hale cuts a chic figure in black as she indulges in retail therapy after revealing she quit drinking alcohol Looked the picture of health Twice as nice! Priyanka Chopra swaps chic sequins and rebellious motorcycle jacket for sexy sheer halter-dress after TV appearance 'I am over the moon to have been given this wonderful opportunity!': Shirley Ballas is confirmed as head judge Len Goodman's replacement on Strictly  PICTURED: Gianni Versace's brutal doorstep murder recreated by gun-wielding Darren Criss at iconic mansion for American Crime Story  Kate Wright flaunts her showstopping figure in raunchy bikini on Instagram while her rumoured beau Rio Ferdinand goes shirtless for photoshoot 'Concerts scheduled for May will be postponed': Olivia Newton-John, 68, forced to reschedule upcoming shows due to health woes Sophie Turner is arm in arm with Joe Jonas as inseparable couple take a stroll in New York... as she denies using the N-word in viral video clip Stepping out Apprentice victor Stella English announces she's six months pregnant with snooker player beau Ali Carter following his testicular cancer battle 'I thought I sold that MF': 50 Cent laughs off burglary of his Connecticut mansion with cheeky tweet His mansion was swarmed with police Going stag! Alex Rodriguez has a rare night out without new love Jennifer Lopez as he goes solo to Sports Emmys Flying solo 'Be your own kind of perfect': TOWIE's Gemma Collins proudly flaunts her curvaceous figure in a swimsuit as she hits back at the 'ribcage trend' In fine form! Cara Santana shows off her slim figure in a red bikini as she soaks up the Miami sun Put on a stunning display  Moss she be so perfect? Model Lottie flaunts her lean legs in tiny leather skirt and towering high heels as she steps out for restaurant bash Patrick Dempsey treats his 15-year-old daughter Tallulah to a shopping day at James Perse in West Hollywood Daddy-daughter day 'I don't enjoy working out': Eva Longoria reveals she always hopes her trainer cancels as she poses in racy swimwear at 42  Looking good Egad! This queen can do a hard stare better than Paddington: Christopher Stevens reviews last night's TV  Victoria Wood would have loved this...  Party Prince reporting for duty: The Queen gives Harry the go-ahead to host his FIRST garden reception at Buckingham Palace this summer Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves drowns his sorrows on flight home after doctors in India refuse to carry out operation to alter his eye colour 'I had postpartum depression': Sarah Michelle Gellar reveals secret struggle following the birth of daughter, now 7 Confession  Nicole Scherzinger looks every inch the Hawaiian beauty as she showcases her tanned curves in a bright bikini during a relaxing trip home Love Island's Katie Salmon and Big Brother's Sallie Axl slip into tiny bikinis as they enjoy a day draped all over one another at a Ladies Only spa That's a lot of makeup for a workout session! Kylie Jenner is heavily glammed with fake eyelashes and lipstick as she models exercise togs Selfie 101! Sofia Richie shows off her taut tum in a college sweatshirt as she ditches her pants for an underwear snap Posed up a storm in her bathroom  MTV's Rob And Big star Christopher 'Big Black' Boykin dies of suspected heart attack at 45 Reality television personality 'You're a d**k!' Kieran Hayler breaks his silence on wife Katie Price's flirting scandal as the duo cosy up in playful video following her return from Miami  'She is an ignorant white woman': Plus-size model Ashley Graham reveals her racist grandmother refused to acknowledge her black husband Princess Mary dazzles at the Norwegian royals' 80th birthday celebration wearing a diamond tiara she's previously worn as a NECKLACE The look of love! Kylie Jenner can't take her eyes off new beau Travis Scott as he holds her close during romantic evening stroll Smitten Sophie Turner furiously denies using N-word slur after video clip goes viral (and reveals what she REALLY said)  Sparked outrage online 'Five minutes before this picture I was having one of the biggest panic attacks of my life': Holly Hagan shares brave post about her secret mental health battle Shay Mitchell smolders in seductive new photo shoot for LaPalme as she teases final season of Pretty Little Liars Glam images abound Queen of Strictly and her VERY awkward history with star Kristina: How new judge Shirley Ballas's second husband left her for the dancer Gary 'Gaz' Beadle 'has angered his Geordie Shore castmates by shunning filming for a week'... as he holidays with girlfriend Emma McVey Rylan Clark-Neal has been 'seeking marriage advice from pal Katie Price following rocky patch with husband Dan Neal' 'Under pressure'  Gethin Jones is 'dating German lingerie model Katja Zwara'... who bears a striking resemblance to his ex Katherine Jenkins Found love again  Jeremy McConnell heads to the gym as he and Stephanie Davis 'BLOCK each other on social media'... ahead of court appearance over assault charge Pregnant Binky Felstead distracts from her blossoming baby bump as she puts her enviable pins on display while modelling her new summer collection Flying high! Gabi Grecko suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flaunts her extreme cleavage in a VERY racy bodysuit with angel wings Suki Waterhouse flashes some sideboob as she smoulders in a metallic animal print gown during high-drama photoshoot in Florence Turned up the drama  Bella Thorne showcases her taut torso (along with her nipple piercing) as she steps out with lookalike sister Dani in an edgy ripped ensemble 'I keep looking at her and crying': Amy Childs is exhausted after 27 HOUR labour that left her needing stitches... as the star plans to eat her placenta Playboy model Carla Howe flaunts her voluptuous derriere in a leopard print thong as she poses up a storm in VERY revealing lingerie shoot Goodbye LegoLAX! Orlando Bloom is all smiles as he catches a flight out of Los Angeles The 40-year-old flashed his brightest movie star smile It's artist Brad! Pitt channels James Dean in paint-spattered blue jeans and white shirt The 53-year-old looked the picture of cool while leaving an art studio Rosamund Pike shows off her tiny midriff in a studded black maxi dress as she attends the HHhH film premiere in Paris Star quality Catch of the day! Scott Disick's new girlfriend Ella Ross showcases lithe legs and pert derriere in Daisy Dukes and fishnet stockings Enjoying a stroll The latest model! Sofia Richie rocks head to toe Adidas after signing on to promote their footwear Landed a gig as the face of Adidas Originals 'I love my life when you're in it!' Paris Hilton gushes about beau Chris Zylka as they wear matching 'Team Us 4Eva' jackets Smitten  Bebe Rexha channels her inner dominatrix in raunchy cut-out bodysuit and racy metallic sky high boots as she performs in Milan Took to the stage 'I want it to feel inclusive': Zendaya reveals she made her latest Daya fashion line gender neutral Reflecting on her second collection 'She'd rehearsed': Emma Watson accused of receiving special treatment from MTV as she was 'told she had won gender-less award BEFORE the ceremony' Keeping those Kardashian kurves in check! Kim shares picture of 'gross' diet breakfast... after getting up early to do lunges up the hill David Lynch on how Showtime's Twin Peaks nearly fell apart... and his 'pretty prominent' role in the revival Network wasn't offering him a big enough budget Brightening their day! Kylie Jenner and Kris melt hearts as they visit families at hospital in Peru for Smile Train Holds a special place in Kylie's heart 'We don't argue': Guy Ritchie gushes about his wife Jacqui admitting he spends 'a lot of time thinking' about her as they step out for King Arthur premiere Grunge is resurrected! Vanessa Hudgens revisits the Nineties in slip dress, choker and Doc Martens while promoting new song Retro look  'Trump doesn't want to get beat by a trans woman!' Caitlyn Jenner jokes about golfing with the President... as she reveals she might run for office A right royal laugh! Crown Prince Haakon of Norway shaves off his beard in a bizarre prank during the King and Queen's 80th birthday dinner Laura Bailey shows off her red-hot frame in a scarlet maxi dress as she leads the glamour at the Business Woman Awards in London Beauty and brains Penelope Cruz oozes understated elegance in strappy monochrome summer dress as she attends store launch in Spain Sensational  'Change starts within!' Gisele Bundchen is honored at Women Of Vision event... as she fundraises to pay for meditation teachers Star appearance  Pregnant Bar Refaeli shields her blossoming bump in chic floral jumpsuit as she enjoys relaxing dinner in Ibiza with her mother Tzipi Casually-chic It's a boy! New Girl star Zooey Deschanel and husband Jacob Pechenik welcome their second child named Charlie Wolf It's working out! Rebel Wilson heads to the gym wearing activewear with new boyfriend Aden Stay after couple went public at the MTV Awards Walk on the wild side! Louis Tomlinson's ex Danielle Campbell flaunts her slender figure in two sizzling looks at charity gala in NYC All Shook Up! Harry Styles channels Elvis in a pink suit while debuting new single... after it's revealed he 'is dating Naked Diet chef Tess Ward' Kanye West is making new album at top of mountain in Wyoming... after being absent from Met Gala with wife Kim Kardashian Work in progress Take that Taylor! Katy Perry and Swift's ex Calvin Harris team up to write a song for his new album They have both had very public disagreements Bow Wow called out on Twitter after posting pic of 'his' private jet... before being snapped flying commercial Caught out after sharing snap on Instagram She never looks bad! Victoria's Secret vet Alessandra Ambrosio stuns in low-cut tank top and elegant coat as she's spotted in LA Out and about Is that you Kim? Ashley Graham takes inspiration from the queen of curves in FOUR Kardashian-inspired looks in one day Every sidewalk's a catwalk! Gisele Bundchen showcases her very long legs in NYC... after revealing she meditates in a car 'on the way to work' Selma Blair oozes grunge glamour in all black ensemble as she takes her dog out for a walk in Beverly Hills Opted to cover up as she took them out  'Every girl should have such a wonderful experience!' Diane Lane opens about youthful fling with Jon Bon Jovi Was asked some very personal questions 'We're staying in Sunday night!' Nicole Kidman didn't realise Little Big Lies was a hit until husband Keith Urban's friends began texting her Chris Pratt praises the 'unbreakable spirit' of young patients as he takes a break from filming Jurassic World 2 to visit children's hospital in London Geordie Shore star Marnie Simpson shares affectionate hug with ex Aaron Chalmers... after the pair's VERY flirty Twitter exchange MIC's Tiffany Watson displays her enviably toned figure and washboard abs as she strips to her bikini for a beach day in the Seychelles 'She's chilling!' Kim Kardashian left bemused after daughter North West turns 'time out' punishment into a relaxing spa moment Moment of calm Nathalie Emmanuel stuns in striking ball gown and Union Jack dress for new shoot... as she talks about diversity in Hollywood Fab in florals! Chrissy Teigen looks oh so chic in springtime robe... then playfully shows off her mouth-guard on Snapchat Stylish as always  Get your cowboy hats ready! CMT Music Awards nominees announced as Blake Shelton, Carrie Underwood and Keith Urban all get nods Naomi Campbell arrives late for Loose Women with no voice... revealing she had ONE hour's sleep after working through the night With four of his SEVEN kids: Kelsey Grammer, 62, caught during very rare sighting with the children he had with Camille... as well as two younger ones Victoria heartthrob Tom Hughes is unrecognisable with shaved head and enjoys a romp with GoT beauty Oona Chaplin in new futuristic drama Realive Richard Hammond and Jeremy Clarkson take to the streets of Croatia as they film adrenaline-fuelled race scene for second season of The Grand Tour SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt passes out before flying into a rage when evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another friend upon her Cindy Crawford's lookalike daughter Kaia Gerber, 15, displays her modelling prowess in a crop top with shorts as her latest fashion campaign is unveiled She left the glamor back in Hollywood! Michelle Williams slips into purple sweater, denim overalls and a floral necklace as she's seen in Brooklyn 'Don't f*** it up!' Rami Malek says he felt Freddie Mercury's presence as he played iconic rocker in Queen biopic 'Huge' fan of the band 'I thought dis guy was the waiter': 'Cash me ousside' girl throws shade at actor David Spade after meeting him After he posted a shady caption Fringe benefits! Malin Akerman rocks a chic poncho as she jets out of LAX Manages to add a bit of snap to her ensemble on Monday  Fierce! Cara Delevingne goes wild in tiger-print flared suit for new '70s-themed campaign... ahead of shaving off her locks for new movie role Lauren Goodger shows off her extraordinarily perky posterior in skin-tight leggings... after vehemently denying 'entertaining' bum implant rumours  Klass-ic style! Myleene teases at her taut stomach in flirty floral coords as she goes out and about in London Christine McGuinness looks casually chic as she steps out for a spot of shopping... after revealing she suffered from an eating disorder Looked incredible 'I worked on it!' Nicole Kidman pokes fun at herself over bizarre Oscars applause as she proves she CAN actually clap Whitney Port looks bloomin' lovely as she wraps her baby bump in stylish floral kimono  The 32-year-old reality television star wrapped her pregnant belly Not a morning person? Rumer Willis does not look ready to face the day as she heads to the gym post glamorous performance on Empire 'It pushed my buttons': LeAnn Rimes talks being a parent to Eddie Cibrian's two sons... and reveals how they celebrate Stepmom's Day Shopping around! Kate Mara steps out arm-in-arm with longtime stylist Johnny Wujek in Beverly Hills Strolling down the upmarket Rodeo Drive Those boots were made for walking! Tara Reid cuts a stylish figure in white slim fit denims as she steps out for dinner at LA hotspot 'Kash has healed incredibly!' Kim Zolciak shares first picture of injuries suffered by son, 4, in dog attack... as he fearlessly cuddles two puppies Fresh tattoos! Kesha shows off a colorful whale and a skull with a rainbow coming out of it on Instagram The Tik Tok hit maker has two new skulls 'He was very randy': Prince Phillip's former naval colleague reveals secrets of the Duke's younger years at his latest outing since announcing retirement  Fifty Shades Of K! Bra-free Kim Kardashian oozes sex appeal as she squeezes into skintight black outfit... but a fake tan disaster leaves her with orange streaky legs EXCLUSIVE Unstable Conrad Hilton pursued relationship with Hunter out of revenge against her dad... whose sex tape with Paris left him 'tortured' Greek actress Mary Tsoni, star of Oscar-nominated film Dogtooth, found dead aged 30  The cause of death remains unknown Ivanka Trump steps out in a pretty polka-dot dress and with a very chic 'do as she prepares to host a military appreciation event with Vice President  Fresh start! Jennifer Garner visits home goods store in LA after it's claimed Ben Affleck moved out of their $45m mansion Just a regular girl! Naya Rivera shops for bargains at Target before heading out for a hike in Los Angeles Pushed her cart across the parking lot Transgender actress Jamie Clayton strips off in new season of Netflix drama Sense8... while former Doctor Who star Freema Agyeman also bares all as her lover  Cheeky chappy! Jamie Oliver admits he FORCED celebrity mate Ed Sheeran to tune his guitar over bourbons and poker What's her secret? Who's The Boss? actress Judith Light, 68, looks as good as she did 30 years ago as she hits Lucille Lortel Awards in NYC Make-up free Lara Stone goes super low-key in tight black jeans paired with an edgy khaki jacket as she enjoys a low-key London stroll Matt Preston says he 'accepts Marco Pierre White Jr's apology' for calling him a 'fat f***k' and threatening to 'slap him up' during expletive ridden rant 'This marriage has lasted longer than any of my real ones!' Shane Richie gushes about his relationship with Redwater co-star Jessie Wallace  Bikini babe Holly Hagan flaunts her eye-popping bust and tiny waist in sizzling Instagram snap... after being targeted by trolls over her appearance American Idol reboot is CONFIRMED by ABC after just one year off air... as Ryan Seacrest admits he is unsure if he would have time to host the revival Getting physical! Sophie Turner flaunts her endless toned pins in figure-flaunting workout leggings as she leaves the gym with boyfriend Joe Jonas  Puppy love! Prince Charles pets a dog as he and Camilla kick off their four-day Irish tour in Londonderry with a visit to an arts centre 'She's never been there for me': Megan McKenna slams former BFF Chloe Meadows insisting she only used her for a 'storyline' on TOWIE Manchester United icon Rio Ferdinand shows off ripped muscles as he gets in shape for Michael Carrick testimonial Stylish Kate Mara joins fiancé Jamie Bell and his three-year-old son for a casual day of bowling in LA Kate was hand in hand with her beau's boy 'We're all angry... and we want justice!' Prisoners overrun Litchfield in intense trailer for Orange Is The New Black season five New teaser Bend over backwards for you! Perrie Edwards and hunky beau Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain show off their killer figures as they spend a night in doing the LIMBO 'He's a carnival barker': Ethan Hawke takes aim at President Donald Trump claiming his moves have 'energized young people' Feelin' So Good! Inseparable Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hold hands on dinner date stroll in NYC One week after their first public appearance  Calum Best's ex-Ianthe Rose really shows him what he's missing as she sets pulses racing in an array of sultry swimwear Bond girl Monica Bellucci, 52, flaunts her age-defying looks in a floor-length tulip dress at the premiere of film On The Milky Road in Rome Spicing things up! Jessica Simpson reveals she has 'make out dates' with husband Eric Johnson Even joked she didn't know why Eric loved her Amanda Seyfried runs errands in jogging shorts... six weeks after giving birth to baby girl The actress is already showing off a slim post-baby body Wayne Rooney prostitute Jenny Thompson and EOTB co-star ZaraLena Jackson flash their busts in plunging swimsuits in Marbella Geordie Shore Marnie Simpson STRADDLES clubgoer during sex position game as co-star Chloe Ferry gets up close to ex Marty McKenna on night out  Karen Danczuk shows off her stunning curves in revealing crochet swimsuit during relaxing Spanish break... as MP ex-husband Simon QUITS Labour  'On set': Alesha Dixon shows off her sensational curves in bedazzled swimsuit as she teases new project with mysterious caption Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Investors' Soapbox PM Discounters Seen Leading Retail Earnings Off-price remains well-positioned in the current environment, particularly favoring TJX and Ross Stores. May 9, 2017 2:59 p.m. ET Guggenheim Securities After the start of our department stores and specialty softlines group’s calendar first-quarter earnings, we look at several of our names expected to report in the upcoming weeks. We believe off-price remains well-positioned in the current environment and particularly favor TJX (ticker: TJX)/Ross Stores (ROST), as... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. What a Superstar Fund Is Buying Right Now Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Will End of Subsidies ‘Kill’ Electric Vehicle Market? Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. 5 MLPs Likely to do Best When Crude Rebounds Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Kohl’s: Can Under Armour Save the Day? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Attention Shoppers: What You Need to Know About Kate Spade 2 Bargains Off the Beaten Track 3 At Age 20, Amazon Stock Can Fly Higher Still Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
PhoneDog Android And Me TodaysiPhone NEW Call T-Mobile at (855) 668-8976 TmoNews Unofficial T-Mobile Blog, News, Videos, Articles and more Navigation Home Submit News 700MHz LTE map Upcoming Phones HOT TOPICS: Samsung Galaxy Note 7 LG V20 Google Pixel Extended Range LTE Android 7.0 Nougat You are here: Home > Walmart Family Mobile adds 10GB plan, now has its own version of Binge On, too Walmart Family Mobile adds 10GB plan, now has its own version of Binge On, too February 9, 2016 Alex Wagner 68 Comments Big news for T-Mobile MVNO Walmart Family Mobile, as it’s added a new top-end rate plan for heavier data users. Walmart Family Mobile is offering a $49.88 plan that includes unlimited talk, text, and data with 10GB of 4G LTE data. To compare, there’s a $29.88 plan that offers 1GB of high-speed data as well as a $39.88 plan with 5GB of LTE data. The new 10GB plan also includes a free Vudu movie rental every month, similar to what T-Mobile offers to its unlimited LTE data customers. Speaking of things that are similar to T-Mobile, Walmart Family Mobile also recently began offering its own version of Binge On. On January 24, Walmart Family Mobile introduced Data Saver, which streams video at DVD quality when you’re on a cellular connection and helps to stretch your up to three times longer. Data Saver was automatically enabled for all new and existing customers on 4G LTE rate plans on January 24. Walmart Family Mobile customers can turn Data Saver off and on whenever they’d like by navigating to myfamilymobile.com, going to Profile, clicking Media Settings, and then clicking “ON” or “OFF” next to the Data Saver option. While there don’t appear to be any free services like Binge On, Data Saver can help folks on Walmart Family Mobile to make their limited high-speed data last a bit longer. The same feature is also available on MetroPCS, where it’s known as Data Maximizer. Via: FierceWireless Sources: Walmart Family Mobile, Data Saver Tags: Binge On, Data Saver, Walmart Family Mobile About Alex Wagner Editorial Director of News and Content for PhoneDog Media. Arsenal, beer, video games. Can be found on Twitter at @alw. View all posts by Alex Wagner → ← Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL with Windows 10 Mobile rumored for February 10 launch Alcatel OneTouch Fierce XL with Windows 10 now available → Jack Rabbit Now we just need better coverage… BobbieDooley Also included with all T-Mobile plans: 1. Dropped calls when driving past elementary schools, and apartments. 2. Automatic low resolution TV content compared to rivals 3. Weinerschnitzel and große bier 4. The money you could have better spent elsewhere. Clevenger23 When’s the last time you tried tmobile? They have increased greatly in the last year, heck the last 6 months even. Monkeyk I’ve been a tmobile customer for 10 years. Only had 2-3 dropped calls in all that time. These were when I was driving in rural Maine. René Marquardt Go away, Verizon shill. fn noobee What elementary schools and apartments are you referring to? I just drove my daughter to her new school in rural VA (read out in the country) and I still had LTE signal! I only dropped signal to 2G when going into building and it was an older brick structure which explained that. BobbieDooley I miss Robert Dotson. He was a man 20 years ahead of his time. Brad C When Phillip Humm was in charge, that may have been an accurate statement (I left employment at T when Humm took over, the company went downhill and FAST!) John Legere has done very well for the company, and has actually done leaps and bounds with the LTE network. Dotson was all about “being a phone company” and was not interested in anything beyond EDGE.. thus leaving T-Mobile way behind.. great guy though just not very forward thinking Mike T-Mobile was dead not that long ago and now their #3 and are getting customers who came from Verizon and ATT. That’s a huge turnaround. BobbieDooley I agree that Phillip Humm didn’t add much value. All the value was created when Robert Dotson and Tim Wong were there. As for “being a phone company” that’s not entirely true. Under Dotson’s leadership, the company introduced the first cellular PocketPC, Sidekick (with unlimited data), data cards, and I also believe that the company had the first Blackberry which didn’t use CDPD/pager technology airwaves to communicate. It was the outsourced marketing company who wanted the company brand to be a “value” brand; and create/re-create new marketing campaigns every 3 months like someone with attention deficit disorder. This becomes very expensive. However, the company agreed to invest in marketing over listening to customers and building a network. The ad firm just said sediment plateaued, and a new promotion would fill the gap in sales. In turn, it paid the marketing company execs 6-figure salaries. X T-Mobile’s 2GB for $50 is ridiculous. 4 or 5 would be more appropriate. BreakingData I have to agree. AJ2 Straight Talk offers 5gb for $45 matt straight talk does not like unlocking phones and they got in trouble for it. trac fone charges more then what AT&T charges on per minute plans. straight talk reserves the right to cancel your wireless service if you use it for any kind of streaming. i wouldn’t go near them what happened was straight talk posted an unlocking policy. it said the phone had to be sold after jan 2015 and it had to be used for 12 consecutive months. so this basically said their entire subscriber list was ineligible for an unlock until jan 2016. fcc cried fowl, and now straight talk says ‘ we have entered into an agreement with the fcc x With the Tracphone brands I think it’s better to BYOD. I was looking their T&C and so far I haven’t found a mention of tethering, I don’t think they allow it. John Wentworth It’s definitely better to go BYOD with Straight Talk, there phone selection is mostly crap phones and a few high end Samsung and Apple devices that you could buy unlocked for virtually the same price. Straight Talk does prohibit tethering in any form, I used them a few times and I couldn’t stand how low on the priority list they were, I had problems with even voice calls and slow data speeds all the time on their AT&T sim, their t-mobile sim performed better but, their support is still worthless. I advise people to stay away from the bottom of the barrel MVNO’s MetroPCS for T-mobile or Cricket for AT&T offer a much better price/performance ratio and much better support. These days I’m back on Postpaid, I jumped on the 2 for $100 unlimited t-mobile postpaid plan, still better than any of the prepaid plans for heavy data users, being highest on the tower priority list makes a difference and the support is worlds better. x Looks like all T-Mobile MVNOs don’t allow tethering. fn noobee Not true. Walmart Family mobile does allow tethering. I am on 10GB/mo plan and wife is on 5GB/month plan and can confirm that both lines were allowed to tether. Don’t know what the limit is for each bracket but I tethered all the other night to my Nexus 9 for web browsing and watching a couple Youtube videos when free Wi-Fi in hotel was acting up and my wife downloaded a couple 200+ MB apps on the kiddos’ Fires while on the road. FYI, this was on an unlocked gray market device and WFM (read T-Mobile) LG G Stylo phone. Acdc1a All depends on your usage. Someone who regularly leaves the country like myself would disagree with you. gmo8492 It used to be 500mb 2 years ago. Be grateful they bumbed up the base plan while the other plans went up in price and data. Rdaex You can get SimplyPrepaid for 50 bucks and get 5GB. 60 bucks for 10. Mike I’d like the mention with the Vudu credit on Walmart Family Mobile with this new $49.88 10GB plan, it is a $7 value compared to T-Mobile’s $3.99 value. Way more bang for the buck. All the phones they sell now besides the $19.88 Rogue are band 12, including the $39.88 ZTE Obsidian. fn noobee Except the Coolpad Rogue is an awful phone. I will recommend the Alcatel OT XL ($120) or LG G Stylo ($180 now) personally. You have to be impressed with a phone that offers LTE for $20 though. On the more premium side the ZTE AXON Pro has Band 12 (confirmed) support and VoLTE (unconfirmed on WFM) support. I tried calling on Band 12 but band switched before I could confirm this. x I just learned that Boost was throttling video streams for the last 2 years. At 4 different levels 600kbps, 2Mbps, 6Mbps and I think 10Mbps. That’s innovation! Some would say. How come I never heard of this, with all the Binge On talk that’s going on? Jay J. Blanco i’m in love with tmobile new tablet plans they are amazing randian The Vudu credit would be nice if it were a purchase credit. A rental credit makes it useless to me. Mike Stop being greedy. Look at the purchase price of movies compared to renting. Ppl are always complaining no matter what just be happy u get a movie rental credit each month. Android_God Yeah, I was doing a double take at his comment. Certainly this person seriously isn’t thinking that a company would give them a free movie to own every month. Android_God Are you saying that they should give you a free movie to own every month? randian Since we’re talking a streaming download and not a physical disc, yes. Android_God The movie business isn’t in the business of giving away free movies randian I can buy most physical blu-rays new for about $10. A streaming only video is surely worth less to own. That makes $7 as a rental overpriced, but ok if you own it. Android_God That’s funny how you’ve completely lowered the cost of a blu-ray disc and raised what the cost of a rental really is. That’s never a good sign when you have to exaggerate to prove your point matt do you get music freedom? can you port from t-moble? matt 25 bucks for a sim card and Walmart does not include 25 bucks of service no thanks i think il keep my $30 prepaid walmart plan plus my separate $35 6 gb post paid ipad plan. that way i get music freedom on both devices and bingeon/data stash on the ipad x $25 plan?! With some data or no data? Because if you don’t need a lot of data for the phone you can get the $50 for 2Gb and $15 for 6Gb for your iPad, all in one TMo bill. x I mean $75, I forgot the other $10. It was a Simple Mistake. matt thanks for the advice, yeah i don’t make a lot of calls, so having 5 gigs on the phone vs 2 gigs is a better deal Augustine You might also get the unlimited data plan for $60 (taxes included) with 8 GB of tethering from Metro PCS and save a few bucks. AJ2 Does Walmart Family Mobile limit you to 8mbps? x I was looking the Family Mobile webpage earlier and found no details. Someone should grab a brochure at Wal-Mart. matt I’m looking at the terms and conditions of this plan on walmart’s main family mobile page and theres nothing there saying there is a hard limit. it says you can expect 6-16 mbps down and 2-5 megabit up with LTE. the otter thing it says is your data is given a lower priority then a t-mobile customer during peak periods. go to my family mobile dot com and read “internet services” its at support dot my family mobile dot com slash articles slash internet-serves x The link ends with: slash internet-services I also found in the T&C Section 10 that “Tethering your Device to other lawful devices is permitted pursuant to the terms and conditions and allotments of your Data Plan.” Good luck to those wanting to switch. I’m still undecided. fn noobee No, but on the page for agreement terms they state expected speed of LTE to be download speeds between 6 – 16Mbps (I know, broad range). I have done my own speed tests from major cities to rural areas across different parts of the country while traveling on leave and have yet to get ANY speeds above 18~19Mbps even in major cities like Denver, Seattle and St. Louis (touted by T Mo as one of the fastest cities). In fact I noticed in one test outside Charlottesville Virginia that speeds started to take off over 30+Mbps and then capped off below 20Mbps as if being limited/capped. Real world? I will say the speeds are more than fast enough for average usage. Monkeyk How do these Walmart plans work? how many lines do you get for that $50? T-Mo is offering 4 10GB lines for $120 now, right? How much would 4 10GB lines cost on the Walmart family plan? (J²) Each additional line is the same price as the primary line minus $5. You really aren’t saving if you’re interested in a Family Plan. NardVa For $50 you get unlimited talk, text and 10GB of LTE data. I don’t think you will find a better deal on prepay with 10GB of LTE data. GoSmart, which is under T-Mobile, has a $45 plan with 12GB of data, but you can only access the 3G/4G network. Not a bad deal for a single line account. x With GoSmart, I thought you could access the whole network but you were throttled to 3g speeds. At least that’s what someone who claimed he knows was saying on reddit. And I believe the speed is at the lower 3g range. NardVa I had a buddy who used GoSmart. You are not throttled to 3G, but you only have access to T-Mobile’s 3G network. T-Mobile’s 3G network is pretty fast. Remember before LTE rolled out, everybody was using 3G. T-Mobile’s 3G used to beat out AT&T’s LTE in some areas. x I’m not sure about the network, but I’m pretty sure you’re throttled to a certain speed, the proof is that GoSmart has a program where every month of service you’ll receive an speed increase that’s something like 0.025 Mbps, for some months. I don’t know to whay speed you’re throttle because I haven’t found it on the website nor in searches. Brad B Tmobile doesn’t drop you off LTE. It simply throttles the speed using software on their server and drops the bandwidth to about 100 kbps. Hope that helps. nlllllovollllln Background services put me over the cap, and I’m now getting 64 kbps for the next week. F— You straighttalk and your outsourced customer service. x You can turn off most background services. The ones I don’t turn off are my Web Browser’s, Mobile Hotspot, Android OS, Google Play Store, Messaging, Google Services and Media. nlllllovollllln None of those are significant. The culprit here is Unified Daemon (EUR). x I haven’t seen that one, what brand is your phone? The app that uses the most background on my LG in Android OS with 55mb in 15 days, second Play Store with 7.5mb. Data always on and I never use Wi-Fi. x I meant: the app that uses the most… is Android OS… nlllllovollllln OS isn’t significant. i’ve never gone over the cap otherwise. Augustine Methinks that the culprit is in the mirror: bit(dot)ly / 1PLRpZ0 Nlllllovollllln Oh yeah? John Beaulieu Straight Talk is not the same thing as Walmart Family Mobile at all. Straight talk is basically re-branded Tracfone (and net10). Walmart family Mobile is re-branded T-mobile. It would serve you well to be informed and aware of what service you are actually using. nlllllovollllln Who said anything about Walmart? You would do well to inform yourself of a class on reading comprehension. Besides that, Straight talk is a partnership between trac and walmart. So, I think its you who should be more informed. Bklynman Anyone who read this blog,use Family Mobile,how is the service? dUSTI AWESOME, IVE BEEN WITH THEM SINCE LAST YEAR AND OMG NSAME SERVICE AS VERIZON Bklynman Funny,ok now that we heard from the comdey section,does anyone out here use Family Mobile? fn noobee I have Walmart Family Mobile and if you are in an area covered natively by T-Mo’s towers service (which has really expanded lately) it is great. If you are in areas covered by their partners (like Western KS or the entire state of West Virginia, no exaggeration) you will want to look at T-Mobile postpaid or AT&T. Customer service is good once you figure out what option to select to get a representative. Price is $10/month less than comparable Simply Pre-paid data rate plans. Bklynman Thank you,I am in NYC,this a possibility for as option now. I am going to see if i can find 3 friends get the unlimited for 4 lines,if I can do that,would be great,since everyone else has better single line plans than Tmobile,Metro PCS has unlimited plan $60.00 amonth. I am going to try Freedom Pop,I will get cheap phone from them try them for 1 month see how they are,if I get good coverage with them,goodbye Tmobile. Yes I know they are on the Sprint network. fn noobee That unlimited data family plan can’t be beat and if you are not the most data hungry user, the 10GB/mo for $120 for 4 lines is IMO an even better deal. With a lot of zero balance options (BingeOn, Music Freedom, Wi-Fi calling, etc.) for postpaid customers, 10GB/ MO goes much further than it used to for most users. I personally would be hesitant to get on another CDMA MVNO ever after being on Virgin Mobile (Sprint MVNO). Coverage in my area at the time was bad and data speeds slow. When I jumped ship to T-Mobile, I had to sell phone because it’s locked in to Virgin Mobile. pizza boy I thought I saw that the walmart $49.99 family plan plus included the hotspot at no extra charge. Anyone know if it has the hotspot, and how much data is allotted to the hotspot use. Thanks Select a phone: (optional) + - Any - 3G|4G U301 USB Modem Acer Aspire One Netbook Acer Liquid M220 Airave 2.5 Plus Alcatel 510A Alcatel 768 Alcatel 871A GoPhone Alcatel A392G Alcatel Fling Alcatel One Touch 991 Alcatel One Touch Evolve Alcatel OneTouch Conquest Alcatel OneTouch Elevate Alcatel OneTouch Evolve 2 ALCATEL ONETOUCH Fierce Alcatel OneTouch Fierce 2 Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (4.7") Alcatel Onetouch Idol 3 (5.5") Alcatel OneTouch Pop 7 Alcatel OneTouch Pop Icon Alcatel OneTouch Pop Mega Alcatel OneTouch Pop Star LTE Alcatel OneTouch Retro ALCATEL OneTouch Sonic LTE Alcatel Pop C9 Alcatel Pop D3 Alcatel Venture Amazon Fire Phone Anna Sui Mobile by Samsung Apple iPad 2 16GB Apple iPad 2 32GB Apple iPad 2 64GB Apple iPad Air Apple iPad Air 2 Apple iPad Mini Apple iPad mini 2 Apple iPad Mini 3 Apple iPad mini 4 Apple iPad mini with Retina Display Apple iPad Pro Apple iPad with Retina Display Apple iPhone 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 16 GB Apple iPhone 3G 8 GB Apple iPhone 3G S 32 GB Apple iPhone 3GS Apple iPhone 4 Apple iPhone 4S Apple iPhone 5 Apple iPhone 5c Apple iPhone 5s Apple iPhone 6 Apple iPhone 6 Plus Apple iPhone 6s Apple iPhone 6s Plus ASUS MeMO Pad 7 LTE ASUS MeMO Pad FHD 10 LTE ASUS PadFone X mini ASUS ZenFone 2 ASUS ZenWatch 2 AT&T Avail 2 AT&T F160 AT&T Impulse 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot Elevate 4G AT&T Mobile Hotspot MiFi 2372 AT&T Quickfire AT&T Radiant GoPhone AT&T Unite AT&T Unite Pro AT&T USBConnect 900 AT&T USBConnect Adrenaline AT&T USBConnect Force 4G AT&T USBConnect Mercury AT&T USBConnect Momentum 4G AT&T USBConnect Shockwave AT&T USBConnect Turbo AT&T USBConnect Velocity AT&T Z222 GoPhone AT&T Z331 AT&T Z998 GoPhone Audiovox CDM-8940 Audiovox PC5740 EVDO PC Card Audiovox VI600 Audiovox XV6600 Betsey Johnson Mobile by Samsung Big Button Flip Alcatel A392G BlackBerry 7130e BlackBerry 7250 BlackBerry 7290 BlackBerry 8703e BlackBerry 8820 BlackBerry Bold BlackBerry Bold 9650 BlackBerry Bold 9700 BlackBerry Bold 9780 BlackBerry Bold 9900 BlackBerry Bold 9930 BlackBerry Classic BlackBerry Curve 3G BlackBerry Curve 3G 9300 BlackBerry Curve 8320 BlackBerry Curve 8330 BlackBerry Curve 8350i BlackBerry Curve 8520 BlackBerry Curve 8530 BlackBerry Curve 8900 BlackBerry Curve 9310 BlackBerry Curve 9315 BlackBerry Curve 9330 BlackBerry Curve 9350 BlackBerry Curve 9360 BlackBerry Curve 9370 BlackBerry Leap BlackBerry Passport BlackBerry Pearl BlackBerry Pearl 3G BlackBerry Pearl 8110 BlackBerry Pearl 8120 BlackBerry Pearl 8130 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8220 BlackBerry Pearl Flip 8230 BlackBerry Priv BlackBerry Q10 BlackBerry Storm BlackBerry Storm2 BlackBerry Style BlackBerry Torch 9800 BlackBerry Torch 9810 BlackBerry Torch 9850 BlackBerry Torch 9860 BlackBerry Tour BlackBerry Z10 BlackBerry Z30 Blackphone 2 BLU Advance 4.0 BLU Dash 5.0+ BLU Life View BLU Neo 4.5 BLU Studio 5.0 BLU Studio 5.0 C BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0 II BLU Studio 5.0C BLU Studio 6.0 HD BLU Studio C Mini BLU Studio Energy BLU Studio Mini LTE BLU Studio Selfie LTE Boost MAX by ZTE Boost Warp 4G by ZTE Brigadier by Kyocera Casio EXILIM Casio G'zOne Boulder CASIO G'zONE Ravine 2 (Non-Camera) Casio GzOne Brigade Casio GzOne Commando Casio GzOne Ravine Casio GzOne Ravine 2 Casio GzOne Rock CAT B15Q CAT S40 Compaq Mini 110c-1048NR Coolpad Arise Coolpad Flo Coolpad Quattro 4G Dell Inspiron 14z Laptop Dell Inspiron Mini 10 with T-Mobile webConnect Dell Inspiron Mini 1012 Dell Streak 7 Diane Von Furstenberg Mobile by Samsung DROID 2 by Motorola DROID 2 Global by Motorola DROID 3 by Motorola DROID 4 by Motorola DROID BIONIC 4G by Motorola DROID by Motorola DROID CHARGE by Samsung Droid DNA by HTC DROID ERIS by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE 2 by HTC DROID Incredible 4G LTE by HTC DROID INCREDIBLE by HTC DROID Pro by Motorola DROID R2 D2 by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola DROID RAZR by Motorola 16GB DROID RAZR HD by Motorola DROID RAZR M by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX by Motorola DROID RAZR MAXX HD by Motorola DROID Turbo DROID X by Motorola DROID X2 by Motorola Enact by LG Ericsson c905a Ericsson Equinox Ericsson TM506 Ericsson Vivaz Ericsson W350 Ericsson W518a Ericsson w760a Ericsson Z750a Firefly Fivespot Global Ready Franklin Wireless U680 USB Galaxy Nexus by Samsung Garmin Garminfone Garmin nuvifone G60 Gateway LT2016u Netbook Google Nexus 4 Google Nexus 5 Google Nexus 6 Google Nexus 9 Google Pixel C HP iPAQ Glisten HP Mini 110 Netbook HP Mini 110-1050NR HP Mini 1151NR Netbook HP Mini 210-1076NR Netbook HP Mini 311-1037NR Netbook HP Veer 4G HTC 8XT HTC Amaze HTC Aria HTC Arrive HTC Desire HTC Desire 510 HTC Desire 526 HTC Desire 610 HTC Desire 612 HTC Desire 626 HTC Desire 626s HTC Desire 816 HTC Desire 826 HTC Desire EYE HTC Droid DNA HTC EVO 3D HTC EVO 4G HTC EVO 4G LTE HTC EVO Design 4G HTC EVO Shift 4G HTC EVO View 4G HTC First HTC Freestyle HTC FUZE HTC HD 7 HTC HD2 HTC HD7S HTC Hero HTC Imagio HTC Inspire 4G HTC Jetstream HTC Merge HTC Mogul Pocket PC 6800 HTC One HTC One (E8) HTC One (M8) HTC One (M8) For Windows HTC One A9 HTC One M9 HTC One Max HTC One mini HTC One remix HTC One S HTC One SV HTC One V HTC One X HTC One X+ HTC Ozone HTC PPC6800 HTC Pure HTC Radar HTC Rezound HTC Rhyme HTC S621 Excalibur HTC S630 Cavalier HTC Sensation HTC Snap HTC Status HTC Surround HTC Thunderbolt HTC Tilt 2 HTC Titan HTC Titan II HTC Touch HTC Touch Diamond HTC Touch Pro HTC Touch Pro 2 HTC Trophy HTC Vivid HTC Wildfire S Huawei Activa 4G Huawei Ascend HUAWEI Ascend II Huawei Ascend Mate 2 Huawei Ascend Plus Huawei Ascend W1 Huawei Ascend Y Huawei EC168 Huawei Glory Huawei H210C Huawei H215G Huawei H866C Huawei Honor 6 Plus Huawei Inspira Huawei M735 Huawei M835 Huawei Mate S Huawei Nexus 6P Huawei P8 lite Huawei Pal Huawei Pinnacle Huawei Premia 4G Huawei SnapTo Huawei Summit Huawei U8651T Prism Huawei Union Huawei Valiant Huawei Verge Huawei Vitria Huawei Watch Jolla Tablet KIN One KIN Two Kyocera 126C Kyocera 323 Kyocera Brigadier Kyocera Brio Kyocera Coast Kyocera Contact Kyocera DuraCore Kyocera DuraForce Kyocera DuraMax Kyocera DuraPlus Kyocera DuraShock Kyocera DuraXT Kyocera DuraXV Kyocera E1000 Kyocera E1100 Neo Kyocera E2000 Kyocera Echo Kyocera Event Kyocera Hydro Kyocera Hydro Edge Kyocera Hydro Elite Kyocera Hydro Icon Kyocera Hydro Vibe Kyocera Hydro Wave Kyocera Hydro XTRM Kyocera K132 Kyocera Kona Kyocera Loft Kyocera Milano Kyocera Presto Kyocera Rise Kyocera SE47 Slider Kyocera Torino Kyocera Torque Kyocera TorqueXT Kyocera Verve LG 221C LG 101 LG 1500 LG 220C LG 231C LG 235C LG 236C LG 320G LG 400G LG 450 LG 500G LG 505C LG 511C LG 600G LG 620G LG 800G LG 900G LG A340 LG A380 LG Access LTE LG Accolade LG Ally LG Arena LG Aspire LG AX155 LG AX300 LG AX310 LG AX565 LG AX8600 LG Banter LG Beacon LG CF360 LG Chocolate 3 LG Chocolate Touch LG Chocolate VX8550 LG Chocolate White LG Clout LG Connect 4G LG Cosmos LG Cosmos 2 LG Cosmos 3 LG Cosmos Touch LG Dare LG Decoy LG dLite LG Doubleplay LG Enact LG Encore LG Enlighten LG enV Touch LG enV VX11000 LG enV VX9900 LG enV2 LG enV3 LG Escape LG Esteem LG Exalt LG eXpo LG Extravert LG Extravert 2 LG Fathom LG G Flex LG G Flex 2 LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 10.1 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 7.0 LTE LG G Pad 8.3 LG G Pad F7.0 LG G Stylo LG G Vista LG G Vista 2 LG G2 LG G3 LG G3 Vigor LG G4 LG Glance LG Glimmer LG Google Nexus 4 LG GS170 LG GU295 LG INCITE LG Intuition LG Invision LG L35G SIM4 LG Lancet LG Leon LTE LG Lotus LG Lotus Elite LG Lucid 2 LG Lucid 3 LG Lucky LG LX150 LG LX160 LG LX290 LG LX350 LG LX370 LG LX400 LG LX550 LG Mach LG Marquee LG Migo LG Motion 4G LG Muziq LX570 LG Neon LG Neon II LG Nexus 5X LG Nitro HD LG Octane LG Optimus Black LG Optimus Dynamic LG Optimus Dynamic II LG Optimus Elite LG Optimus Exceed LG Optimus Exceed 2 LG Optimus Extreme LG Optimus F3 LG Optimus F3Q LG Optimus F6 LG Optimus F7 LG Optimus Fuel LG Optimus G LG Optimus G Pro LG Optimus L70 LG Optimus L9 LG Optimus L90 LG Optimus Logic LG Optimus M LG Optimus M+ LG Optimus Net LG Optimus One P500 LG Optimus Q LG Optimus S LG Optimus SHOWTIME LG Optimus T LG Optimus Ultimate LG Optimus Zip LG Optimus Zone LG Optimus Zone 2 LG Phoenix LG PM-225 LG Prime LG Quantum LG Realm LG Remarq LG Revere LG Revere 2 LG Revere 3 LG Revolution LG Rhythm LG Rumor LG Rumor 2 LG Rumor Reflex LG Rumor Reflex S LG Rumor Touch LG Scoop LG Sentio LG Shine CU720 LG Shine II LG Spirit 4G LG Sunrise LG Swift LG Thrill LG Transpyre LG Tribute LG Tribute 2 LG Tritan LG Ultimate 2 LG UX145 LG UX260 LG UX280 LG UX300 LG UX380 LG UX565 LG UX830 LG V10 LG Venice LG Versa LG VI-125 LG VI-5225 LG Viper LG VL600 4G USB Modem LG Volt LG Volt 2 LG Vortex LG Vu CU915 LG Vu CU920 LG Vu Plus LG VX3100 LG VX3300 LG VX3400 LG VX3450 LG VX3450L LG VX4400 LG VX4500 LG VX5200 LG VX5400 LG VX5500 LG VX7000 LG VX8000 LG VX8300 LG VX8350 LG VX8360 LG VX8600 LG VX9800 LG Watch Urbane LG Xenon LG Xpression LG Xpression 2 LG100C LG200C LG225 LG300G LG400G LG501C LG620G LG900G Lucid 3 by LG Lucid by LG Microsoft Lumia 535 Microsoft Lumia 550 Microsoft Lumia 640 Microsoft Lumia 640 XL Microsoft Lumia 950 Microsoft Lumia 950 XL MiFi 2200 Mobile Hotspot MiFi 3G/4G Mobile Hotspot MiFi 500 LTE by Novatel Wireless Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 42mm Moto 360 (2nd Gen) 46mm Moto 360 Sport Motorola 408 Motorola A1200 Ming Motorola A630 Motorola ACTV Motorola Admiral Motorola Adventure V750 Motorola Atrix 2 Motorola Atrix 4G Motorola Atrix HD Motorola Backflip Motorola Bali Motorola Barrage Motorola Bravo Motorola Brute i680 Motorola Brute i686 Motorola Buzz ic502 Motorola C139 Motorola C168i Motorola Charm Motorola Citrus Motorola CLIQ Motorola CLIQ 2 Motorola CLIQ XT Motorola Clutch i465 Motorola Clutch i475 Motorola Debut i856 Motorola Defy Motorola Defy XT Motorola Devour Motorola Droid Bionic Motorola DROID MAXX Motorola DROID Maxx 2 Motorola DROID Mini Motorola DROID Turbo 2 Motorola DROID Ultra Motorola Droid XYBoard 10.1 Motorola Droid XYBoard 8.2 Motorola E815 Motorola EM326g Motorola EM330 Motorola Entice Motorola Evoke Motorola EX124G Motorola EX431G Motorola Flipout Motorola Flipside Motorola Gallo i296 Motorola Hint Motorola Hint QA30 Motorola i1 Motorola i412 Motorola i530b Motorola i530y Motorola i570 Motorola i576 Motorola i605 Motorola i710 Motorola i776 Motorola i830 Motorola i880 Motorola i886 Motorola i890 Motorola Karma QA1 Motorola Krave ZN4 Motorola KRZR K1 Motorola KRZR K1m Motorola L2 Motorola L6 Motorola Luge Motorola Moto E (1st Gen) Motorola Moto E (2nd Gen) Motorola Moto G Motorola Moto G (3rd Gen) Motorola Moto X Motorola Moto X (2014) Motorola Moto X Play Motorola Moto X Style (Pure Edition) Motorola MOTORAZR maxx Ve Motorola MOTORAZR VE20 Motorola PEBL Motorola PHOTON 4G Motorola Photon Q Motorola Q9 Global Motorola Q9c Motorola Q9m Motorola Rambler Motorola Rapture VU30 Motorola RAZR V3 Motorola RAZR V3 Dolce & Gabbana Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3c Motorola RAZR V3i/ V3t/ V3r Motorola RAZR V3m Motorola RAZR V3xx Motorola RAZR2 V9m Motorola Renegade V950 Motorola Renew Motorola Rival Motorola RIZR Z3 Motorola RIZR Z6c Motorola ROKR Motorola ROKR E8 Motorola ROKR U9 Motorola ROKR Z6 Motorola SLVR L7c Motorola Stature i9 Motorola T722i Motorola Theory Motorola Titanium Motorola Triumph Motorola Tundra Motorola V120e Motorola V171 Motorola V180 Motorola V190 Motorola V195 Motorola V220 Motorola V235 Motorola V260 Motorola V325 Motorola V360 Motorola V551 Motorola V600 Motorola V60s Motorola V710 Motorola VE465 Motorola VU204 Motorola W315 Motorola W375g Motorola W380 Motorola W385 Motorola W408g Motorola W409G Motorola W418G Motorola W490 Motorola W755 Motorola XOOM Motorola XOOM 4G LTE Motorola XPRT Motorola Z9 Motorola Zine ZN5 myTouch 4G NEC Terrain Netgear 341U USB Modem Netgear Mingle Mobile Hotspot Netgear Zing Nexbit Robin Nexus S 4G Nexus S from Google Nokia 1208 Nokia 1600 Nokia 1616 Nokia 1661 Nokia 1680 Nokia 2320 Nokia 2330 Nokia 2600 Nokia 2605 Mirage Nokia 2610 Nokia 2630 Nokia 2660 Nokia 2680 Nokia 2720 Nokia 2760 Nokia 3220 Nokia 3555 Nokia 3588i Nokia 3660 Nokia 3711 Nokia 5130 Nokia 5230 Nuron Nokia 5310 XpressMusic Nokia 5610 Nokia 6010 Nokia 6015i Nokia 6030 Nokia 6085 Nokia 6101 Nokia 6102i Nokia 6133 Nokia 6165i Nokia 6205 Nokia 6215i Nokia 6236i Nokia 6263 Nokia 6301 Nokia 6315i Nokia 6350 Nokia 6555 Nokia 6650 Nokia 6800 Nokia 7205 Intrigue Nokia 7510 Nokia 7705 Twist Nokia Astound Nokia C3 Nokia E71 Nokia E71x Nokia E73 Mode Nokia Lumia 1020 Nokia Lumia 1520 Nokia Lumia 2520 Nokia Lumia 520 Nokia Lumia 521 Nokia Lumia 530 Nokia Lumia 625 Nokia Lumia 635 Nokia Lumia 710 Nokia Lumia 810 Nokia Lumia 820 Nokia Lumia 822 Nokia Lumia 830 Nokia Lumia 900 Nokia Lumia 920 Nokia Lumia 925 Nokia Lumia 928 Nokia Lumia Icon Nokia Mural Nokia N1 Nokia N73 Nokia N75 Nokia N95 8GB Nokia NGage Nokia Surge Nokia Twist 7705 Nokia VI-3155 Nokia X2 Novatel EX720 ExpressCard Novatel Merlin C777 Novatel Merlin S620 Novatel MiFi 2200 Novatel MiFi 5580 Novatel Ovation U727 Novatel Ovation U760 Novatel PC770 PCmCIA Novatel S720 Novatel U760 Novatel USB1000 Global Modem Novatel V620 EVDO PC Card Novatel V640 PC/Mac USB Broadband Card Novatel V740 PC/Mac Wireless Broadband Card OnePlus 2 OnePlus One OnePlus X Option Quicksilver USB Modem Overdrive 3G 4G Mobile Hotspot Overdrive Pro 3G/4G Hotspot Palm Centro Palm M500 Palm Pixi Palm Pixi Plus Palm Pre Palm Pre 2 Palm Pre Plus Palm Pro Palm Pro Palm Treo 650 Palm Treo 700p Palm Treo 700w Palm Treo 700wx Palm Treo 755p Palm Treo 800w Palm Treo Pro Pantech Breakout Pantech Breeze Pantech Breeze II Pantech Breeze III Pantech Burst Pantech C120 Pantech C300 Pantech C3b Pantech C610 Pantech Caper Pantech Crossover Pantech Crux Pantech Ease Pantech Hotshot Pantech Impact Pantech Jest 2 Pantech Laser Pantech Link Pantech Link II Pantech Marauder Pantech Matrix Pantech Matrix Pro Pantech Perception Pantech PN-820 Pantech Pocket Pantech Pursuit Pantech Pursuit II Pantech Renue Pantech Reveal Pantech Slate Pantech Swift Pantech UML290 4G USB Modem Pantech UML295 LTE USB Modem PCD Chaser Phone Connect 3 Plum Might Z513 Que 4.5 Que 5.0 REEF RIM BlackBerry 6710 RIM BlackBerry 7100t RIM BlackBerry 7105t RIM BlackBerry 7130e RIM BlackBerry 7230 RIM BlackBerry 8700g Rugged CAT S50 S275G Samsung 4G Mobile Hotspot LC11 Samsung A107 Samsung A117 Samsung A127 Samsung A137 Samsung A167 Samsung A187 Samsung A197 Samsung A237 Samsung A580 Samsung A630 Samsung A637 Samsung A650 Samsung A670 Samsung A777 Samsung A870 Samsung A890 Samsung A930 Samsung A950 Samsung A970 Samsung A990 Samsung Access Samsung Ace i325 Samsung Admire Samsung Alias 2 Samsung Array Samsung ATIV Odyssey Samsung ATIV S Neo Samsung ATIV SE Samsung Beat Samsung Behold Samsung Behold II Samsung BlackJack i607 Samsung BlackJack II i617 Samsung Brightside Samsung Captivate Samsung Captivate Glide Samsung Comeback Samsung Conquer 4G Samsung Continuum Samsung Contour 2 Samsung Convoy Samsung Convoy 2 Samsung Convoy 3 Samsung Craft Samsung D415 Samsung D900 Samsung Dart Samsung Delve Samsung DoubleTime Samsung E105 Samsung E315 Samsung E335 Samsung E635 Samsung E715 Samsung Entro Samsung Epic Samsung Epix Samsung Eternity Samsung Eternity II Samsung Evergreen Samsung Exclaim Samsung Exhibit 4G Samsung Exhibit II 4G Samsung Factor Samsung Fascinate Samsung Flight Samsung Flight II Samsung FlipShot SCH-U900 Samsung Focus Samsung Focus 2 Samsung Focus Flash Samsung Focus S Samsung Freeform Samsung Freeform II Samsung Freeform III Samsung Freeform M Samsung Galaxy Ace Samsung Galaxy Ace 4 LTE Samsung Galaxy Ace Style Samsung Galaxy Admire 4G Samsung Galaxy Alpha Samsung Galaxy Appeal Samsung Galaxy Attain 4G Samsung Galaxy Avant Samsung Galaxy Centura Samsung Galaxy Core Prime Samsung Galaxy Discover Samsung Galaxy Exhibit Samsung Galaxy Exhilarate Samsung Galaxy Express GoPhone Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime Samsung Galaxy Indulge Samsung Galaxy J1 LTE Samsung Galaxy Light Samsung Galaxy Mega 2 Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 Samsung Galaxy Note Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung Galaxy Note 4 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 Samsung Galaxy Note Edge Samsung Galaxy Note II Samsung Galaxy Note Pro Samsung Galaxy Precedent Samsung Galaxy Prevail Samsung Galaxy Prevail 2 Samsung Galaxy Proclaim Samsung Galaxy Reverb Samsung Galaxy Ring Samsung Galaxy Rugby Pro Samsung Galaxy Rush Samsung Galaxy S 4 zoom Samsung Galaxy S 4G Samsung Galaxy S Blaze Samsung Galaxy S II Samsung Galaxy S II Skyrocket Samsung Galaxy S III Samsung Galaxy S III Mini Samsung Galaxy S Lightray 4G Samsung Galaxy S Relay 4G Samsung Galaxy S4 Samsung Galaxy S4 Active Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung Galaxy S5 Active Samsung Galaxy S5 mini Samsung Galaxy S5 Sport Samsung Galaxy S6 Samsung Galaxy S6 Active Samsung Galaxy S6 Edge Samsung Galaxy S6 edge+ Samsung Galaxy Stardust Samsung Galaxy Stellar Samsung Galaxy Stratosphere II Samsung Galaxy Tab Samsung Galaxy Tab 2 Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 10.1 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4 8.0 Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 16GB Samsung Galaxy Tab 4G - 32GB Samsung Galaxy Tab S Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 10.5 Samsung Galaxy Tab S 8.4 Samsung Galaxy Tab S2 9.7 Samsung Galaxy Victory 4G LTE Samsung Galaxy View Samsung Gear 2 Samsung Gear S2 Samsung Gleam U700 Samsung Glyde Samsung GO Netbook Samsung Gravity Samsung Gravity 2 Samsung Gravity 3 Samsung Gravity Q Samsung Gravity SMART Samsung Gravity T Samsung Gravity TXT Samsung Gusto Samsung Gusto 2 Samsung Gusto 3 Samsung Haven Samsung Highlight Samsung Highnote Samsung Hue II Samsung Illusion Samsung Impression Samsung Infuse 4G Samsung Instinct Samsung Instinct HD Samsung Instinct S30 Samsung Intensity Samsung Intensity II Samsung Intensity III Samsung Intercept Samsung Intrepid Samsung IP-830 Samsung IP-A790 Samsung Jack Samsung Juke U470 Samsung Katalyst T739 Samsung Knack U310 Samsung M220 Samsung M240 Samsung M300 Samsung M320 Samsung M330 Samsung M360 Samsung M370 Samsung M400 Samsung M500 Samsung M510 Samsung M520 Samsung M610 Samsung Magnet Samsung Matrix Samsung Memoir Samsung MM-A920 Samsung Moment Samsung Muse Samsung MyShot Samsung Mysto Samsung Mythic Samsung Omnia Samsung Omnia II Samsung PM-A740 Samsung Precedent Samsung Propel Samsung Propel Pro Samsung R225m Samsung R335C Samsung R375C Samsung R451C Samsung R455C Samsung R610 Samsung Rant Samsung Reality Samsung Reclaim Samsung Renown Samsung Replenish Samsung Restore Samsung Rogue Samsung Rugby Samsung Rugby 4 Samsung Rugby II Samsung Rugby Smart Samsung S275G Samsung S380C Samsung S390G Samsung S425G Samsung Saga Samsung SCH-i600 Samsung SCH-i730 Samsung SCH-U340 Samsung SCH-U540 Samsung SCH-U620 Samsung SCH-U740 Samsung Seek Samsung SGH-T199 Samsung Smiley Samsung Smooth Samsung Solstice Samsung Solstice II Samsung SP-i600 Samsung Spex r210 Samsung SPH-i700 Samsung Stratosphere Samsung Stripe T329 Samsung Strive Samsung Sunburst Samsung Sway Samsung T109 Samsung T119 Samsung T139 Samsung T159 Samsung T201G Samsung T209 Samsung T219 Samsung T229 Samsung T239 Samsung T249 Samsung t259 Samsung T309 Samsung T319 Samsung T339 Samsung T349 Samsung T369 Samsung T401G Samsung T404G Samsung T439 Samsung T509 Samsung T519 Trace Samsung T528G Samsung T609 Samsung T619 Samsung T629 Samsung T639 Samsung t659 Samsung T719 Samsung T809 Samsung T819 Samsung Trance Samsung Transform Samsung Transform Ultra Samsung Trender Samsung U430 Samsung U450 Samsung U550 Samsung Upstage M620 Samsung VI660 Samsung Vibrant Samsung X427M Samsung X495 Samsung Z400 Samsung Z700 Samsung Zeal Sanyo 7050 Sanyo 8400 Sanyo Incognito Sanyo Innuendo Sanyo Innuendo by Kyocera Sanyo Katana Sanyo Katana DLX Sanyo Katana Eclipse Sanyo Katana Eclipse X Sanyo Katana II Sanyo Katana LX Sanyo M1 Sanyo MM-8300 Sanyo PRO-200 Sanyo PRO-700 Sanyo S1 Sanyo SCP-2400 Sanyo SCP-2700 Sanyo SCP-3100 Sanyo SCP-3200 Sanyo SCP-3810 Sanyo Taho by Kyocera Sanyo Vero by Kyocera Sanyo Zio Saygus V2 Sharp Aquos Crystal Sharp FX Sharp FX PLUS Siemens CF62T Sierra 598 USB Modem Sierra USB Lightning 305 Sierra Wireless 4G LTE Tri-Fi Hotspot Sierra Wireless AC595 PCMCIA Wireless Card Sierra Wireless AC595U USB PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AC597 ExpressCard PC/Mac Card Sierra Wireless AirCard 402 Sierra Wireless Compass 597 USB Modem SKY 4.0 Sky 5.0L Sonim XP STRIKE Sonim XP6 Sony C1904 Xperia M Sony Ericsson Equinox Sony Ericsson GC79 Cellular and WiFi PC Card Sony Ericsson GC89 PCMCIA PC Cell WiFi Card Sony Ericsson J220a Sony Ericsson K550 Sony Ericsson T290a Sony Ericsson T610 Sony Ericsson TM506 Sony Ericsson W580i Sony Ericsson W810i Sony Ericsson Xperia PLAY Sony Ericsson Z300 Sony Ericsson Z310a Sony Ericsson Z750a Sony Ericsson Z780 Sony Xperia E3 Sony Xperia E4 Sony Xperia M Sony Xperia M4 Aqua Sony Xperia PLAY 4G Sony Xperia T3 LTE Sony Xperia X10 Sony Xperia Z Sony Xperia Z1S Sony Xperia Z2 Sony Xperia Z3 Sony Xperia Z3 Compact Sony Xperia Z3+ Sony Xperia Z3v Sony Xperia Z4 Sony Xperia Z4 Tablet Sony Xperia Z4v Sony Xperia Z5 Sony Xperia Z5 Compact Sony Xperia Z5 Premium Spectrum 2 by LG Spectrum by LG Sprint 3G 4G U600 USB Modem Sprint 3G/4G Plug-in Connect USB Sprint 3G|4G USB 250U Sprint Flash Sprint Force Sprint LivePro Sprint Phone Connect 2 Sprint Plug-in-Connect Trimode Sprint Pocket WiFi Sprint PPC 6700 Sprint Vital Sprint WeGo T-Mobile 4G LTE HotSpot Z915 T-Mobile 4G Mobile Hotspot T-Mobile 665 T-Mobile 768 T-Mobile Comet T-Mobile Concord T-Mobile Concord II T-Mobile Dash T-Mobile Dash 3G T-Mobile G-Slate with Google T-Mobile G1 T-Mobile G2 T-Mobile G2x T-Mobile Jet 2.0 4G Stick T-Mobile MDA T-Mobile myTouch T-Mobile myTouch 3G T-Mobile myTouch 3G Slide T-Mobile myTouch 4G T-Mobile myTouch 4G Slide T-Mobile myTouch by LG T-Mobile myTouch Q T-Mobile myTouch Q by LG T-Mobile Prism T-Mobile Prism II T-Mobile Rocket 3.0 4G Laptop T-Mobile SDA T-Mobile Shadow T-Mobile Sidekick T-Mobile Sidekick 3 T-Mobile Sidekick 4G T-Mobile Sidekick iD T-Mobile Sidekick II T-Mobile Sidekick LX T-Mobile Sidekick Slide T-Mobile Sonic 4G T-Mobile Sparq T-Mobile Sparq II T-Mobile Tap T-Mobile webConnect Jet USB T-Mobile webConnect USB T-Mobile Wing Turing Phone UNIMAX MAXBravo Unimax MXE-675 UT Starcom PC-5740 UTStarcom Blitz UTStarcom CDM-8945 UTStarcom CDM-8975 UTStarcom Coupe UTStarcom PC5750 PCMCIA PC Broadband Card UTStarcom SMT5800 UTStarcom UM150 USB Modem UTStarcom UM175 USB UTStarcom XV6800 Pocket PC Verizon 4G LTE Broadband Router with Voice Verizon 4G LTE MiFi 4510L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem 551L Verizon 4G LTE USB Modem UML295 Verizon AD3700 Global USB Verizon Adamant Verizon Blitz Verizon CDM8950 Verizon CDM8975 Verizon Ellipsis 8 Verizon Ellipsis Jetpack MHS800L Verizon Escapade Verizon GzOne Boulder Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 4620L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi 5510L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot - MiFi MHS291L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot 890L Verizon Jetpack 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot MHS291L Verizon Jetpack MiFi 4620LE 4G LTE Verizon Jetpack MiFi 5510L 4G LTE Mobile Hotspot Verizon Jetpack MiFi 6620L Verizon Razzle Verizon SMT5800 Verizon UM175 USB Data Modem Verizon UMW190 Global USB Verizon USB760 Modem Verizon VX6900 Verizon Wireless Fivespot Global Ready 3G Mobile Hotspot Verizon Wireless Home Phone Connect Verizon Wireless Salute Verizon Wireless Turbine 7.0 Verizon Wireless USB551L Virgin Mobile Awe webConnect Rocket HSPA+ Windows Phone 8S Windows Phone 8X Xperia ion by Sony YotaPhone 2 ZTE Anthem 4G ZTE Aspect ZTE Avid 4G ZTE Axon Pro ZTE Boost Max+ ZTE Compel ZTE Concord II ZTE Force ZTE Fury ZTE Grand S3 ZTE Grand X Max+ ZTE Illustra ZTE Majesty ZTE Maven ZTE Merit ZTE Midnight ZTE Nubia 5S Mini ZTE Optik ZTE Overture 2 ZTE Prestige ZTE Quartz ZTE Rapido LTE ZTE Savvy ZTE Score M ZTE Solar ZTE Speed ZTE Supreme ZTE Unico LTE ZTE Valet ZTE Vital ZTE Warp ZTE Warp Elite ZTE Warp Sequent ZTE Warp Sync ZTE Whirl ZTE Z432 ZTE Z667 ZTE Zephyr ZTE Zinger ZTE ZMAX ZTE ZMAX 2 AT&T GoPhone $30 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $40 Monthly Plan for Smartphones AT&T GoPhone $45 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T GoPhone $60 Smartphone Monthly Plan with Data AT&T Mobile Share 10GB AT&T Mobile Share 15GB AT&T Mobile Share 1GB AT&T Mobile Share 20GB AT&T Mobile Share 2GB AT&T Mobile Share 300MB AT&T Mobile Share 40GB AT&T Mobile Share 4GB AT&T Mobile Share 50GB AT&T Mobile Share 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 10GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 15GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 1GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 20GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 25GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 2GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 300MB AT&T Mobile Share Value 30GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 3GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 40GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 50GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 5GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 60GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 6GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 7GB AT&T Mobile Share Value 8GB Boost Mobile BlackBerry Monthly Unlimited Boost Mobile Data Boost Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Plan with Shrinking Payments Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited Select Boost Mobile Monthly Unlimited with Growing Data CREDO Mobile 10GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 15GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 1GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 2GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 3GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 4GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 6GB Shared Data Plan CREDO Mobile 8GB Shared Data Plan FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 1GB FreedomPop Unlimited Talk & Text 500MB GIV Mobile The 20 Plan GIV Mobile The 25 Plan GIV Mobile The 30 Plan GIV Mobile The 40 Plan GIV Mobile The 60 Plan MetroPCS $40 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $50 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data MetroPCS $60 Unlimited Talk, Text and Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Net10 Unlimited Talk, Text, Data Family (2+ Lines) Republic Refund Plan with 0.5 GB Republic Refund Plan with 1 GB Republic Refund Plan with 2 GB Republic Refund Plan with 3 GB Republic Refund Plan with 4 GB Republic Refund Plan with 5 GB Republic Wireless $10 Plan Republic Wireless $25 Plan Republic Wireless $40 Plan Republic Wireless $5 Plan (WiFi Only) Republic Wireless Base Plan ROK Mobile Ultimate Unlimited Scratch Wireless Free Plan Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $1.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $14.99 Voice Pass Scratch Wireless Free Plan + $6.99 Voice Pass Solavei Prepaid Unlimited Sprint $60 Unlimited Plan Sprint All-In Wireless Smartphone + Unlimited Sprint Family Share Pack 10GB Sprint Family Share Pack 12GB Sprint Family Share Pack 16GB Sprint Family Share Pack 1GB Sprint Family Share Pack 20GB Sprint Family Share Pack 2GB Sprint Family Share Pack 32GB Sprint Family Share Pack 40GB Sprint Family Share Pack 4GB Sprint Family Share Pack 60GB Sprint Family Share Pack 8GB Sprint Prepaid $60 Unlimited Talk, Text & Data Sprint Prepaid Unlimited Voice and Texting Sprint Simply Unlimited Plan for iPhone 6 & iPhone 6 Plus Sprint Unlimited My All-In Sprint Unlimited My Way Sprint Unlimited My Way Family Straight Talk All You Need Straight Talk Unlimited T-Mobile Simple Choice T-Mobile Simple Choice Family (Includes 2+ Lines) T-Mobile Simple Starter Plan T-Mobile Simply Prepaid T-Mobile Unlimited Talk and Text T-Mobile Unlimited Web and Text TextNow Wireless Grande Plan TextNow Wireless Quattro Plan TextNow Wireless Tall Plan TextNow Wireless Venti Plan The Verizon Plan - 100GB The Verizon Plan - 20GB The Verizon Plan - 25GB The Verizon Plan - 30GB The Verizon Plan - 40GB The Verizon Plan - 50GB The Verizon Plan - 60GB The Verizon Plan - 80GB The Verizon Plan - L The Verizon Plan - M The Verizon Plan - S The Verizon Plan - XL The Verizon Plan - XXL Ting L Plan Ting M Plan Ting S Plan Ting XL Plan TracFone 120 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 200 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan TracFone 450 Minutes Pay As You Go Plan US Mobile 100 Mins Talk US Mobile 1000 Mins Talk US Mobile 2000 Mins Talk US Mobile 250 Mins Talk US Mobile 500 Mins Talk Verizon 100GB More Everything Verizon 10GB More Everything Verizon 14GB More Everything Verizon 15GB More Everything Verizon 16GB More Everything Verizon 20GB More Everything Verizon 2GB More Everything Verizon 30GB More Everything Verizon 40GB More Everything Verizon 4GB More Everything Verizon 500MB More Everything Verizon 50GB More Everything Verizon 60GB More Everything Verizon 80GB More Everything Verizon 8GB More Everything Verizon Prepaid Smartphone Plan Verizon Wireless Smartphone Single Line Plan Virgin Mobile payLo 1500 Talk & Text Virgin Mobile payLo 400 Minutes Virgin Mobile payLo Unlimited Talk & Text Virgin Mobile Unlimited + International + Extra Virgin Mobile Unlimited + More Data Virgin Mobile Unlimited Everything + International Number of Lines - Any - 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 Minutes Unlimited Messages: 500 Data Select the amount of total data you need for the entire plan. For example, if you need 2 lines with 1 GB of data each, you would select 2 GB of data with the data slider below. - Any -05KB50MB30MB100MB150MB200MB250MB300MB400MB500MB600MB700MB800MB900MB1GB1.5GB2GB2.5GB3GB4GB5GB6GB7GB8GB10GB12GB14GB15GB16GB18GB20GB25GB30GB32GB35GB40GB50GB60GB80GB100GB120GBUnlimited - Plans Home Phone Savings Home Phone Service Savings popular topics Android Data Featured News/Articles Rate plans Rumors Site announcements Software updates T-mobile Promotions Tablet Tips and Tricks Upcoming Phones Upcoming Services Windows Phone PhoneDog T-Mobile reportedly prepping own-brand REVVL T1 phone with Android Nougat What's On My Galaxy S8+ Does iOS keep you coming back to the iPhone? Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S8 now available for pre-order, launching later this month Amazon Echo Show official with 7-inch touchscreen and $229.99 price tag Qualcomm debuts Snapdragon 660 and 630, both with X12 LTE modems Google working on Fuchsia OS, mobile UI shown off in screenshots Android And Me Waze now lets you use your own voice ASUS ZenFone 3 Zoom launches with 5000mAh Google Assistant can now speak French AliPay mobile payment system coming AT&T Samsung Galaxy S8 now receiving Snapchat adding Limitless Snaps and SolarGaps Smart Solar Blinds Launching TodaysiPhone Today is the last day to purchase Apple’s Australian banks officially denied right iPhone 7 will now be officially available iFixit teardown finds that new low-cost Apple Pay now launching in Taiwan with App Store approval now rejecting applications Apple released a number of security About PhoneDog PhoneDog is one of the largest and most popular interactive mobile news and reviews resource that attracts a community of more than 2.5 million unique visitors each month. The site may have a "cute" name, but it offers up serious editorial content and video reviews that users rely on to make important decisions about their next mobile purchases. PhoneDog Media Family PhoneDog - Cell phone news Android And Me - Google & Android TmoNews - The Unofficial T-Mobile Blog TodaysiPhone - iPhone News & Rumors Company About us In the press Advertising info Jobs & careers Terms of Use Privacy policy Popular Reviews Rumors Upcoming Phones Rate plans Research & Shop Buying guide Phone finder Compare plans Phone specials Long distance © 2001-2017 PhoneDog, LLC. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close AFP/Getty Images Amazon lowers free shipping threshold, taking on Wal-Mart Filed under Business at 12 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Amazon.com Inc. lowered its free shipping threshold to $25 from $35, undercutting Wal-Mart Stores Inc. by $10 and escalating a battle between the world's e-commerce leader and the world's biggest retailer. The new minimum shows Amazon competing for shoppers who don't pay $99-a-year for Amazon Prime, which includes free two-day shipping on millions of items as well as access to music and video. These customers are the Seattle-based company's most loyal shoppers. Amazon will make non-Prime shoppers wait 5 to 8 business days for free shipping on more than 50 million items. Wal-Mart in January made a big push against Amazon Prime when the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retail giant offered free two-day shipping without a membership fee on orders of at least $35 while expanding its online marketplace inventory to include millions of items. The company last year acquired startup Jet.com for $3.3 billion in cash and stock and put its management team in charge of the online operation to strengthen its e-commerce business against Amazon. A company representative declined to comment on Amazon's price move. "The challenge Wal-Mart has thrown down is, 'give me free two-day shipping without a membership fee,' which is hard for Amazon to match without refunding everyone's $99 Prime membership," said Sucharita Mulpuru, an e-commerce consultant. "This is the best Amazon can do without cannibalizing Prime, which is so important to its business." Spencer Soper, Bloomberg. With assistance from Matthew Boyle View Comments Tags Business Retail Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Wednesday, May 10, 2017 Kingston, ON 4° Mainly clear Sponsored by: Haven Home ClimateCare Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Features Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Farm Boy, Walmart get OK to sell beer, cider By Kingston Whig-Standard Tuesday, May 9, 2017 7:36:33 EDT PM The Ontario government on Tuesday increased to 206 the number of grocery stores in the province authorized to sell beer and cider. The winning grocers announced Tuesday were selected via a competitive bidding process held by the LCBO. In Kingston, Farm Boy and the Walmart Superstore will begin carrying beer and cider in June. Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error Farm Boy and the Walmart Superstore are among 76 Ontario grocery stores that will start selling beer and cider on June 30. The Ontario government made the announcement Tuesday, increasing to 206 the number of grocery stores in the province authorized to sell beer and cider. The winning grocers announced Tuesday were selected via a competitive bidding process held by the LCBO. Farm Boy (940 Futures Gate) and Walmart (1130 Midland Ave.) join the Loblaws Princess Street Market as locations in Kingston to purchase beer and cider. Loblaws has been selling beer and cider since December 2015. “Ontarians welcome beer and cider in grocery stores, which provides greater convenience and choice for consumers,” Ontario Minister of Finance Charles Sousa said in a news release. “While today’s announcement is good news for shoppers, it also enables breweries and cideries to introduce their products to consumers in local communities across the province.” According to the Ministry of Finance website, eventually beer and cider will be available in up to 450 grocery stores, including up to 300 that will also sell wine. Stores authorized to sell wine, beer and cider must abide by these requirements: • Sales hours are Monday to Saturday, 9 a.m. to 11 p.m., and Sunday, 11 a.m. to 6 p.m. • Alcohol limitations of 7.1 per cent for beer and cider, and 18 per cent for wine. • Beer and cider will continue to be sold in a six-pack or less or up to 750 mL per container. • Wine can be sold in maximum four-litre containers. • Staff selling alcohol must be a minimum of 18 years of age and be trained on Ontario’s standards for social responsibility, including making sure customers under the age of 19 and intoxicated individuals do not purchase alcohol. • Grocers are required to adhere to uniform and minimum pricing for wine, beer and cider. — The Whig-Standard  Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Grocery/Market Bob's Butcher Shop Travel & Lodging Maple Leaf Tours Real Estate Broker Of Record / Sales Rep RealtySource - Jason Barbosa Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The Kingston Whig-Standard Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options Kingston View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The Kingston Whig-Standard Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Curling Other Sports Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Homes Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Features City Notices My Flyers Autonet Homes Extra Grand Theatre Fundraising Campaign Real-Estate Directories Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The Kingston Whig-Standard Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The Kingston Whig-Standard. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, May 10, 2017 2:52 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Thunderstorm MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Amazon cuts free shipping minimum to US$25 Wednesday May 10, 2017 06:52 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Diddy sued by former chef The Edit: Meet the dinosaur named after a ‘Ghostbusters’ beast Sallehen Mukhyi appointed as new Selangor PAS chief The Edit: Celebrate 50 years of Pink Floyd at this London exhibit Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A box from Amazon.com on the porch of a house in Golden, Colorado July 23, 2008 Reuters NEW YORK, May 10 — Amazon.com Inc said yesterday it cut the threshold for free shipping to US$25 from US$35 (RM108.68 from RM152.15), upping the ante against Wal-Mart Stores Inc in a hotly contested battle for ecommerce supremacy. Amazon already offers free two-day shipping under its US$99 Prime membership programme but the new offer is aimed at encouraging more customers to shop on its platform. Amazon also hopes to convert these shoppers to Prime members down the line. The world’s biggest retailer, Wal-Mart, has been building up its ecommerce business through acquisitions such as Jet.com, as it looks to narrow the massive gap with Amazon. Wal-Mart started its own membership programme called ShippingPass last year, which offered free two-day shipping for US$49 a year. However, the company ended the programme in January, replacing it with free two-day shipping on orders of US$35 or more. — Reuters                  MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Asian stocks set on edge by Comey dismissal, N. Korea tensions Oil prices rise in Asia in expectation of Aramco supply cut BMW to raise production capacity to 3 million cars by 2020, report says Daimler drops bid to win approval to sell US 2017 Mercedes diesels US Commerce's Ross says 3pc GDP growth not achievable this year Firefly says cut Penang flights due to weak ringgit, competition High debt, stagnant wages to hobble Malaysia’s growth in 2017, says economist Zcash, the virtual money making its mark Bursa to trend higher towards 1,770 points level next week Canada’s Trudeau mulls coal ban in response to US lumber tariffs Most Watched Now Week Innovative globe chess board NYT Video: How Danny DeVito eats an egg (and still says his lines) on Broadway Reuters Video: Pink Floyd retrospective exhibition previews in London Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Related Articles Singapore: No country grants absolute right to free speech Marriott warns consumers of phone scam offering free hotel stay Amazon unveils artificial intelligence products for cloud US rapper Coolio avoids jail in firearms case Three Chinese firms take part in new RM8b Malacca port Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Wednesday, May 10, 2017 2:52 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Thunderstorm MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Wal-Mart close to settling bribe probe for US$300m Wednesday May 10, 2017 06:31 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Diddy sued by former chef The Edit: Meet the dinosaur named after a ‘Ghostbusters’ beast Sallehen Mukhyi appointed as new Selangor PAS chief The Edit: Celebrate 50 years of Pink Floyd at this London exhibit Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Gibu Thomas, senior vice-president for mobile and digital Walmart Global eCommerce, answers a question at a Wal-mart media presentation in Rogers, Arkansas in this file photo taken June 5, 2014 Reuters NEW YORK, May 10 — Wal-Mart Stores Inc is preparing to pay roughly US$300 million (RM1.3 billion) to resolve a long-running US investigation into allegations of bribery by its employees, according to people familiar with the matter. The deal, which the people said was being finalised and still could change, would amount to a significant concession by the US government. The Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission had sought at least twice that amount as recently as last year as they investigated bribery allegations linked to Wal-Mart’s business in countries including Mexico, China and India. The proposed penalty could be easily absorbed by the world’s largest retailer. The proposed resolution would require a guilty plea by at least one Wal-Mart subsidiary, said the people, who discussed details of the confidential negotiation on the condition of anonymity. The parent company wouldn’t be charged, the people said. Instead, they said, it would enter into a non-prosecution agreement with the Justice Department and install an independent monitor to supervise the company’s compliance with the settlement. Wal-Mart declined to comment. Wal-Mart’s latest annual report didn’t disclose any legal reserve and said the company didn’t expect a settlement to have a material impact on its business. Representatives of the Justice Department and the SEC declined to comment. Wal-Mart’s shares rose less than 1 per cent to close at US$76.72 in New York. To read about how corruption affects companies and nations, click here. A deal with US authorities would end Wal-Mart’s expensive legal troubles stemming from its efforts to expand rapidly abroad a decade ago. It would also allow the company to focus on improving profitability and its e-commerce business. Wal-Mart and US authorities were at odds over a settlement as recently as last fall, in the closing days of the Obama administration. With Wal-Mart balking over demands to pay US$600 million or more in penalties, prosecutors were going back to gather more evidence from witnesses, people familiar with the matter said in October. Earlier, prosecutors and regulators were pushing for as much as US$1 billion, one of the people said. Mexico unit The case gained national prominence through articles in the New York Times detailing alleged bribery and a potential cover-up by high-level executives in Mexico. The reduced figure suggests that the case was difficult to prosecute once federal investigators gathered and scrutinized evidence, the people said. Much of the alleged misconduct uncovered in Mexico, which has the most Wal-Mart stores outside the US, was too old to prosecute, people familiar with the matter have said. Also, most of the behavior under scrutiny involved dozens of small payments to government officials to speed zoning and building permits—not the type of vast corruption involving million-dollar bribes as seen in other industries like mining, drilling and telecommunications, the people said. Because of the challenges in Mexico, the government tried to build stronger cases around conduct found in Brazil and India, two people familiar with the matter have said. The probe into the company’s China operations, in the final phase of the investigation, didn’t uncover widespread bribes to government officials there, the people said. The Wal-Mart investigation is one of the major financial fraud cases held over from the Obama administration. With dozens of foreign corruption investigations in the pipeline, a settlement by Wal-Mart will almost certainly be examined by corporate lawyers for signs of how the Trump administration will handle allegations of overseas bribery. The wild card is that many political posts at the Justice Department and SEC under President Donald Trump remain unfilled. Company disclosures Wal-Mart disclosed possible violations in Mexico to the Justice Department and SEC in November 2011 after a New York Times investigative reporter approached the company with questions, a person familiar with the matter said. That disclosure, however, played down the seriousness of what internal investigators were finding, two of the people said. The government’s investigation centered on whether employees bribed foreign officials to fast-track store openings at a time when the retailer was expanding aggressively overseas. Its first non-US store opened in Mexico in 1991. Now more than half of the company’s nearly 11,700 stores are abroad, though it still makes nearly two-thirds of its overall revenue from Wal-Mart-branded stores in the US. After the Bentonville, Arkansas, company conducted its own in-house probe, it overhauled its ethics and compliance programmes, appointed chief ethics and compliance officers and anti-corruption directors within each of its markets, and assigned an executive vice president to oversee it all. That unit now employs 2,300 people. In all, the company has spent roughly US$837 million on legal fees, the internal investigation into the alleged payments and the compliance revamp, it has said in filings. It has also replaced its chief executive officer, chief financial officer and the heads of its US and international operations. Shifted focus Under chief executive officer Doug McMillon, who took over in 2014, the company has shifted its focus to improving its US stores and online operations, rather than expanding into new countries. Those efforts are starting to pay off, and the company’s shares have gained 11 per cent this year, about double the return of the S&P 500 index. The proposed Wal-Mart penalty—once considered likely to rank among the largest levied under the 1977 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which makes it a crime to bribe officials to win business overseas — would be smaller than the largest cases settled last year. At the top of the list, Odebrecht SA, Latin America’s biggest construction company, and an affiliate agreed in December to pay more than US$3.5 billion to authorities in the US, Brazil and Switzerland to resolve bribery allegations involving Brazil’s state-run oil company. It was the largest corruption penalty ever issued by global authorities. The proposed Wal-Mart penalty would be modest relative to the company’s size. It posted about US$22.8 billion in operating income on US$486 billion in revenue during the fiscal year that ended in January. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Asian stocks set on edge by Comey dismissal, N. Korea tensions Oil prices rise in Asia in expectation of Aramco supply cut BMW to raise production capacity to 3 million cars by 2020, report says Daimler drops bid to win approval to sell US 2017 Mercedes diesels US Commerce's Ross says 3pc GDP growth not achievable this year Firefly says cut Penang flights due to weak ringgit, competition High debt, stagnant wages to hobble Malaysia’s growth in 2017, says economist Zcash, the virtual money making its mark Bursa to trend higher towards 1,770 points level next week Canada’s Trudeau mulls coal ban in response to US lumber tariffs Most Watched Now Week Innovative globe chess board NYT Video: How Danny DeVito eats an egg (and still says his lines) on Broadway Reuters Video: Pink Floyd retrospective exhibition previews in London Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Related Articles Nikkei edges up to 17-month high, global tensions cap gains US small businesses worry about trade policy, too European stocks climb; Nasdaq hits another record Chipmaker Nvidia’s revenue beats estimates, shares jump Apple Inc tops US$800b market cap for first time ever Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Trump ax falls on FBI's Comey in midst of Russia probe Delano now is telling teachers controversial diversity signs can stay up U.S. Rep. Emmer's staff calls for apology from Lino Lakes over menacing social media post After tragedy strikes twice, a grieving family struggles to stay afloat State budget negotiations implode as GOP moves forward without Gov. Dayton Forest Lake HS students walk out to protest police department disbanding Twins, Santiago hand Pelfrey a 'demoralizing' start Karl-Anthony Towns builds his brand, company by company 8-story MoZaic East offices to move ahead in Uptown without tenant locked down Sweet! Minnesota's Largest Candy Store gets even bigger with massive new dome People are obsessing about Obama's unbuttoned shirt next 421804073 Business briefing: Bloomberg reports Wells Fargo weighs sale of insurance brokerage business May 9, 2017 — 5:24pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint BANKING Report: Wells considers sale of brokerage Wells Fargo is weighing a sale of its insurance brokerage business, which could fetch about $2 billion, Bloomberg News reported. The San Francisco-based lender, which has a significant presence in Minnesota, has begun reaching out to private equity firms to gauge interest in Wells Fargo Insurance Services USA Inc., Bloomberg reported. While the company is planning to move forward with a sale, it hasn’t set a timeline for holding a formal auction. If Wells Fargo fetches $2 billion for the insurance services unit, it would be the company’s largest divestiture on record, topping the sale last year of its crop insurance business to Zurich Insurance Group, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. In 2014, USI Insurance Services bought 40 of Wells Fargo’s insurance brokerage and consulting offices. Wells Fargo spokesman Alan Elias said the bank doesn’t comment on market rumors or conjecture. RETAIL Amazon lowers shipping fee threshold Amazon.com lowered its free shipping threshold to $25 from $35, undercutting Wal-Mart Stores by $10 and escalating a battle between the world’s e-commerce leader and the world’s biggest retailer. The new threshold shows Amazon competing for shoppers who don’t pay $99-a-year for Amazon Prime, which includes free two-day shipping on millions of items as well as access to music and video. These customers are Amazon’s most loyal shoppers. The new pricing targets consumers who are more likely to defect to Wal-Mart since the Bentonville, Ark.-based retail giant offered free two-day shipping on orders of at least $35 while expanding its online marketplace inventory. NATURAL RESOURCES Fishing industry retracted a bit in 2015 America’s fishing industry declined slightly in 2015 as anglers contended with environmental and market forces, the federal government says. The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration on Tuesday released its “Fisheries Economics of the United States” report for 2015, the most recent year for which statistics are available. The report said U.S. fisheries contributed a little less than $208 billion in sales, a decline from nearly $214 billion in 2014, which the government stressed was a “banner year.” The number of fisheries jobs was also down 12 percent, to 1.6 million. But the NOAA noted the 2015 totals were better than they were four years earlier and were the second best year in the period from 2011 to 2015. FINANCE Credit Suisse will expand in North Carolina Credit Suisse announced 1,200 more jobs for its North Carolina technology hub on Tuesday, saying a partial repeal of the state’s law limiting the rights of gay and transgender people does just enough to satisfy its need to attract top workers. North Carolina also approved more than $40 million in tax breaks Tuesday to lure the jobs away from the New York City area. But if House Bill 2 had still been in effect, the Swiss bank said it could not have committed to expanding in the state. FOOD AND DRINK Vermont: Lay off our state for beer names Vermont brewers have a message for the rest of the industry: Don’t go describing a brew as a Vermont beer if it’s not from the Green Mountains. The Vermont Brewers Association is taking issue with out-of-state brewers using “Vermont” in the names and descriptions of their beer. One target is Berkeley, Calif.’s Fieldwork Brewing, which produced a one-off beer described as a “Vermont Farmhouse Ale.” Vermont has a law designed to ensure that foodmakers don’t misuse the state’s name as a marketing term. Vermont’s attorney general’s office said the rule encompasses beer but it won’t say if it’s investigating. NEWS SERVICES View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Trump ax falls on FBI's Comey in midst of Russia probe Forest Lake HS students walk out to protest police department disbanding Delano now is telling teachers controversial diversity signs can stay up Sweet! Minnesota's Largest Candy Store gets even bigger with massive new dome Correction: Food and Farm-Milk Dispute story Target makes big push into soccer marketing Ford's bow to Trump means jobs for robots, not workers U.S. coal mines see drop in fatalities Christopher & Banks narrows loss in first quarter More From Star Tribune 12:38am Danny Green and the San Antonio Spurs beat the Houston Rockets in overtime Danny Green takes over in overtime with Kawhi Leonard out injured. May 9 Baltimore rallies for sixth victory in a row Down by three runs against Washington Nationals ace Max Scherzer with six outs to go, the Baltimore Orioles appeared destined to finish a successful homestand… May 9 Full text of Trump's letter to Comey Dear Director Comey: I have received the attached letters from the Attorney General and Deputy Attorney General of the United States recommending your dismissal as… May 9 New South Korean president is sworn in; is open to visiting the North New leader says he's open to visiting the North Nation May 9 Sources: FBI chief Comey misstated Clinton e-mail evidence at hearing FBI's handling of Clinton e-mail case last year cited as reasonTrump now in position to pick who will head up Russia inquiry Top Stories Trump ax falls on FBI's Comey in midst of Russia probe 19 minutes ago Delano now is telling teachers controversial diversity signs can stay up May. 9 U.S. Rep. Emmer's staff calls for apology from Lino Lakes over menacing social media post May. 9 Most Read Danny Green and the San Antonio Spurs beat the Houston Rockets in overtime Baltimore rallies for sixth victory in a row Kindlbringer of legend brought basket of babies Sunday's NBA roundup Business briefing: Record year is close for U.S. domestic car sales World S. Korea's new president willing to visit rival North Obama sees new front in climate battle: Agriculture Nation Union pilots say they'll help restore Spirit operations Harvard releases 1937 recording of young John F. Kennedy Politics Trump ax falls on FBI's Comey in midst of Russia probe State budget negotiations implode as GOP moves forward without Gov. Dayton markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Twins, Santiago hand Pelfrey a 'demoralizing' start Sano not surprised suspension upheld but 'I did not punch' Tigers' McCann Vikings Vikings fill fullback spot by moving Duluth native C.J. Ham 'Giant Babs' makes leap from Vikings tryout to professional wrestling MN United Goalkeeper Shuttleworth looks 'like a raccoon' after taking boot to face Developing rhythm: Ibarra is 'finding his legs' with the Loons Celebrities Harvard releases 1937 recording of young John F. Kennedy 'Real Housewives' star gets reprimand over probation slipups Super Bowl LII Minneapolis scrubs its records to hide site of Super Bowl command center Super Bowl group quietly plans sex trafficking prevention efforts poll Poll: Should the name of Lake Calhoun be changed? 10,000 Takes Why men like me should talk openly about depression Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms Featured Gallery Preppers: Prepared for the worst, not necessarily paranoid 12 photos Concerns about everything from natural disasters to attacks has some Minnesota ... Featured Video Miss Minnesota USA's first contestant with Down syndrome 02:46 Mikayla Holmgren demonstrates some dance moves for the camera at Bethel University. Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Insider BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 This futuristic nail polish remover makes changing nail colors a breeze Faye Brookman, WWD, INSIDER May 9, 2017, 4:45 PM 47 facebook linkedin twitter email print Nail-Aid/Facebook The INSIDER Summary: Nail-Aid is introducing an aerosol nail polish remover. Creators Tam Tran and Neal Wallach wanted to prevent the spillage that happens with regular nail polish removers.  The affordable product is infused with ingredients like keratin to hydrate your nails. An up-and-coming company hopes to shake up the nail polish remover category in the same way spray aerosol technology changed the game in sun care. Under its Nail-Aid brand, Anise Cosmetics introduced Spray Away, a leak and spill proof aerosol nail polish remover. Available in acetone and non-acetone options, the product is sprayed onto a cotton ball to remove polish, eliminating the mess posed by traditional removers. There are three options: a non-acetone spray with ceramide and coconut oil, an acetone with hyaluronic and collagen and an acetone with keratin and cocoa butter. Spray Away launched last month in 4,500 Wal-Mart doors retailing for $5. Wal-Mart already dedicates about four linear feet to Nail-Aid’s other nail and pedicure care items. Distribution for Spray Away will follow in other mass, drug and specialty stores, including Ulta Beauty. 1 Second Spray Away by Nail-Aid are maximum strength acetone and non-acetone nail polish removers in exclusive aerosol sprays. 1 Second Spray Away is the fastest and most effective way to remove all types of polish in seconds without the mess. • Easily removes the darkest polish. • No polish stains left behind. • Hydrates nails & skin. No white residue. • 100% leak and spill proof. No mess. • Powerful formulas strengthen peeling nails and fortify weak nails. 1 Second Spray Away is available in all Walmart USA stores and online at nailaidworks.com - FREE SHIPPING All Nail-Aid products are proudly made in the USA and “Tested on Humans. NEVER on Animals.” • No Parabens • No Phthalates • No Toluene • No Formaldehyde • No Sulfates . Nail-Aid official website: https://nailaidworks.com/ . Nail-Aid official Instagram account: https://www.instagram.com/nail.aid/ (@nail.aid) . Nail-Aid official Twitter account: https://twitter.com/nailaidworks (@nailaidworks) . Nail-Aid official Snapchat account: nailaid . Nail-Aid official Facebook page: https://www.facebook.com/nailaidworks/ #nailpolish #nailaid #nailcare #bestnailcarebrand #nailaidworks #nailpolishaddict #nailpolishremover #polishremover #manicure #nailart #nailstagram #nail #nails #instructional A post shared by Nail-Aid (Official) (@nail.aid) on Apr 7, 2017 at 3:08pm PDT on Apr 7, 2017 at 3:08pm PDT Anise Cosmetics, founded in 2002, has expanded by delivering innovative approaches to the nail care category. Better-for-you formulas have been the cornerstone since Tam Tran and Neal Wallach founded the company and vowed to eliminate toluene, DBP, formaldehyde and camphor. No animal testing was a must and all items are made in the U.S. Industry sources estimate company sales at $10 million. The aerosol spray concept was the brainchild of Tran who often worried about spilling remover on a treasured marble bathroom countertop. “I thought it was ridiculous, here I am, a nail-care company founder and I can’t remove my own polish. I was doing it in the shower,” laughed Tran. In her quest to find a non-liquid option, she stumbled upon a can of nail polish “quick dry” and thought why not use aerosol technology to create nail polish remover. Tran also saw great benefits to mothers of young children because they wouldn’t have to worry about spills. The aerosol cans also have a child-resistant cap versus the open plastic liquid containers used in traditional removers. “There is a completely untapped market of moms with young children that Spray Away answers,” said Wallach who added he sees youth novelty licensing opportunities. The emerging Generation Z is a great target as they overindex in nail color consumption. Similar licensing trends have occurred in the sunscreen aerosol category to reach younger consumers. Want stronger, longer, more beautiful nails? Nail-Aid has an entire line of products to fit your every need! Beautiful nails always begin with Nail-Aid. #nailpolish #nailaid #nailcare #bestnailcarebrand #nailaidworks #nailpolishaddict #nailpolishremover #polishremover #manicure #nailart #nailstagram #nail #nails #dog #spray #sprayaway A post shared by Nail-Aid (Official) (@nail.aid) on Apr 21, 2017 at 2:30pm PDT on Apr 21, 2017 at 2:30pm PDT In addition to a new delivery system, Tran wanted the formula to have added unique hydrating benefits not typically associated with nail polish removers. “I was frustrated with removers because they were so drying that I had to use cuticle oil. With the aerosol I wanted to add moisturizing ingredients. You shouldn’t have to have dry cuticles and white residue every time you change your polish,” she said. To do so, ingredients have been infused including keratin, cocoa butter, hyaluronic (acid) and collagen. The aerosol application is also said to be faster to use than conventional removers as proven on YouTube videos already appearing online. Social media beauty enthusiasts have already posted validation of the sprays. “Beauty influencers are yearning for original products, those that are dramatically different and we’ve already had tons of videos and posts,” said Wallach.  The category could use a boost. Private labels dominate the nail polish remover category, adding to market sameness and pressure on pricing, retailers said. In fact, dollar sales have been down an average of 8 percent in drugstores so far this year, according to IRI. Spring, bright colors, warm weather and the First & Only spray nail polish remover. It doesn’t get any better than this! 1 Second Spray Away is available now in all Walmart US stores and online on http://www.nailaidworks.com #nailaid #nails #cute #sprayaway #nailpolish #polishremover #new #innovative #spray #aerosol #spring #weather #hands #summer #manicure #happymonday #mondaymotivation #mondayblues #mondayfunday #monday #mondays #motivationmonday #FelizLunes #Lunes A post shared by Nail-Aid (Official) (@nail.aid) on Mar 20, 2017 at 3:12pm PDT on Mar 20, 2017 at 3:12pm PDT With so much effort by megabrands pumped into other beauty categories, the nail-care business, especially removers, is overlooked, Wallach said. “The business has become a commodity. We took notice. With new cutting-edge ingredients and technology we have been the leader in nail and pedicare to custom develop formulas with advanced ingredients that have never been used in the category — ceramide, biotin, hyaluronic acid, collagen, to name just a few.” Anise’s major breakthrough in the mass market happened in 2005 when Tran and Wallach noticed the EU had banned many chemicals, but nail-care products with those same ingredients remained on the shelves in the U.S. They reached out to Wal-Mart executives who liked the more natural positioning and put the brand in its lineup. Read the original article on INSIDER. Follow INSIDER on Facebook. Copyright 2017. Follow INSIDER on Twitter. More from INSIDER: NOW WATCH: China built a $350 million bridge that ends in a dirt field in North Korea Loading video... More: Contributor Women's Wear Daily Design Nails beauty products facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru This futuristic nail polish remover makes changing nail colors a breeze This futuristic nail polish remover makes changing nail colors a breeze The INSIDER Summary: Nail-Aid is... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Insider Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart Close to Resolving Bribery Probe for $300 Million by Tom Schoenberg @Tschoenberg22 More stories by Tom Schoenberg May 9, 2017, 3:38 PM EDT May 9, 2017, 4:40 PM EDT Penalty would be far lower than U.S. had sought last year Pact related to Mexico, China conduct said to include monitor Wal-Mart Close to Resolving Bribery Probe for $300M Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is preparing to pay roughly $300 million to resolve a long-running U.S. investigation into allegations of bribery by its employees, according to people familiar with the matter. The deal, which the people said was being finalized and still could change, would amount to a significant concession by the U.S. government. The Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission had sought at least twice that amount as recently as last year as they investigated bribery allegations linked to Wal-Mart’s business in countries including Mexico, China and India. The proposed penalty could be easily absorbed by the world’s largest retailer. The proposed resolution would require a guilty plea by at least one Wal-Mart subsidiary, said the people, who discussed details of the confidential negotiation on the condition of anonymity. The parent company wouldn’t be charged, the people said. Instead, they said, it would enter into a non-prosecution agreement with the Justice Department and install an independent monitor to supervise the company’s compliance with the settlement. Wal-Mart declined to comment. Wal-Mart’s latest annual report didn’t disclose any legal reserve and said the company didn’t expect a settlement to have a material impact on its business. Representatives of the Justice Department and the SEC declined to comment. Wal-Mart’s shares rose less than 1 percent to close at $76.72 in New York. To read about how corruption affects companies and nations, click here. A deal with U.S. authorities would end Wal-Mart’s expensive legal troubles stemming from its efforts to expand rapidly abroad a decade ago. It would also allow the company to focus on improving profitability and its e-commerce business. Wal-Mart and U.S. authorities were at odds over a settlement as recently as last fall, in the closing days of the Obama administration. With Wal-Mart balking over demands to pay $600 million or more in penalties, prosecutors were going back to gather more evidence from witnesses, people familiar with the matter said in October. Earlier, prosecutors and regulators were pushing for as much as $1 billion, one of the people said. Mexico Unit The case gained national prominence through articles in the New York Times detailing alleged bribery and a potential cover-up by high-level executives in Mexico. The reduced figure suggests that the case was difficult to prosecute once federal investigators gathered and scrutinized evidence, the people said. Much of the alleged misconduct uncovered in Mexico, which has the most Wal-Mart stores outside the U.S., was too old to prosecute, people familiar with the matter have said. Also, most of the behavior under scrutiny involved dozens of small payments to government officials to speed zoning and building permits -- not the type of vast corruption involving million-dollar bribes as seen in other industries like mining, drilling and telecommunications, the people said. Because of the challenges in Mexico, the government tried to build stronger cases around conduct found in Brazil and India, two people familiar with the matter have said. The probe into the company’s China operations, in the final phase of the investigation, didn’t uncover widespread bribes to government officials there, the people said. The Wal-Mart investigation is one of the major financial fraud cases held over from the Obama administration. With dozens of foreign corruption investigations in the pipeline, a settlement by Wal-Mart will almost certainly be examined by corporate lawyers for signs of how the Trump administration will handle allegations of overseas bribery. The wild card is that many political posts at the Justice Department and SEC under President Donald Trump remain unfilled. Company Disclosures Wal-Mart disclosed possible violations in Mexico to the Justice Department and SEC in November 2011 after a New York Times investigative reporter approached the company with questions, a person familiar with the matter said. That disclosure, however, played down the seriousness of what internal investigators were finding, two of the people said. Your cheat sheet on life, in one weekly email. Get our weekly Game Plan newsletter. Sign Up The government’s investigation centered on whether employees bribed foreign officials to fast-track store openings at a time when the retailer was expanding aggressively overseas. Its first non-U.S. store opened in Mexico in 1991. Now more than half of the company’s nearly 11,700 stores are abroad, though it still makes nearly two-thirds of its overall revenue from Wal-Mart-branded stores in the U.S. After the Bentonville, Arkansas, company conducted its own in-house probe, it overhauled its ethics and compliance programs, appointed chief ethics and compliance officers and anti-corruption directors within each of its markets, and assigned an executive vice president to oversee it all. That unit now employs 2,300 people. In all, the company has spent roughly $837 million on legal fees, the internal investigation into the alleged payments and the compliance revamp, it has said in filings. It has also replaced its chief executive officer, chief financial officer and the heads of its U.S. and international operations. Shifted Focus Under Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon, who took over in 2014, the company has shifted its focus to improving its U.S. stores and online operations, rather than expanding into new countries. Those efforts are starting to pay off, and the company’s shares have gained 11 percent this year, about double the return of the S&P 500 index. The proposed Wal-Mart penalty -- once considered likely to rank among the largest levied under the 1977 Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which makes it a crime to bribe officials to win business overseas -- would be smaller than the largest cases settled last year. At the top of the list, Odebrecht SA, Latin America’s biggest construction company, and an affiliate agreed in December to pay more than $3.5 billion to authorities in the U.S., Brazil and Switzerland to resolve bribery allegations involving Brazil’s state-run oil company. It was the largest corruption penalty ever issued by global authorities. The proposed Wal-Mart penalty would be modest relative to the company’s size. It posted about $22.8 billion in operating income on $486 billion in revenue during the fiscal year that ended in January. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read This Is the Five-Word Message That Got a Citigroup Trader Fired The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Trump Preparing Certified Letter Attesting to No Russia Ties A Map Like This Persuaded Trump to Save Nafta, For Now Here’s What Some of the World’s Top Money Managers Are Betting On Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
GB Group PLC (LON:GBG) Receives Buy Rating From FinnCap Analysts This Weeks Target Prices For Metro Bancorp, Inc (NASDAQ:METR) MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) Updated Broker Ratings Reviewing Individual Broker Targets Of Mesoblast Limited (NASDAQ:MESO) New Analyst Ratings On Meru Networks, Inc. (MERU) Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Tue, May 9th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Receives Hold Rating From Deutsche Bank Analysts Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) had its stock rating indicated as ‘Hold’ in a report released by analysts at Deutsche Bank. Deutsche Bank today set a target price of 81 on the company’s stock. According to the analyst this now indicates there is a potential increase of 5.41% from Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s current price of 76.85. Over the last twelve months Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s stock price has increased by 14.68% from 67.01 to 76.85. There are currently 3,033,009,000 shares in issue with a current share value of 76.85 giving Wal-Mart Stores Inc a market capitalisation of 233.07B USD . Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) has a 50 day moving average of 72.88 and a 200 day moving average of 70.35. The 52 week high for the share price is 77.05 while the 52 week low for the stock is 62.72. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. The Walmart International segment consists of the Company’s operations outside of the United States, including various retail Websites. The Walmart International segment includes various formats divided into three categories: retail, wholesale and other. These categories consist of various formats, including supercenters, supermarkets, and warehouse clubs, such as Sam’s Clubs, cash and carry, home improvement, specialty electronics, apparel stores, drug stores and convenience stores, as well as digital retail. The Sam’s Club segment includes the warehouse membership clubs in the United States, as well as samsclub.com. More from Reuters » Receive Wal-Mart Stores Inc News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News GB Group PLC (LON:GBG) Receives Buy Rating From FinnCap Analysts This Weeks Target Prices For Metro Bancorp, Inc (NASDAQ:METR) MetLife, Inc. (NYSE:MET) Updated Broker Ratings Reviewing Individual Broker Targets Of Mesoblast Limited (NASDAQ:MESO) Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Buy These Stocks Today! (Free Report) Home | Street Talk Tags: Amazon | Wal-Mart | 25 | Free | Shipping Amazon Undercuts Wal-Mart With $25 Free Shipping Threshold (Getty/Leon Neal) Tuesday, 09 May 2017 02:57 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Amazon.com Inc. lowered its free shipping threshold to $25 from $35, undercutting Wal-Mart Stores Inc. by $10 and escalating a battle between the world’s e-commerce leader and the world’s biggest retailer. The new minimum shows Amazon competing for shoppers who don’t pay $99-a-year for Amazon Prime, which includes free two-day shipping on millions of items as well as access to music and video. These customers are the Seattle-based company’s most loyal shoppers. Amazon will make non-Prime shoppers wait 5 to 8 business days for free shipping on more than 50 million items. Wal-Mart in January made a big push against Amazon Prime when the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retail giant offered free two-day shipping without a membership fee on orders of at least $35 while expanding its online marketplace inventory to include millions of items. The company last year acquired startup Jet.com for $3.3 billion in cash and stock and put its management team in charge of the online operation to strengthen its e-commerce business against Amazon. A company representative declined to comment on Amazon’s price move. “The challenge Wal-Mart has thrown down is, ‘give me free two-day shipping without a membership fee,’ which is hard for Amazon to match without refunding everyone’s $99 Prime membership,” said Sucharita Mulpuru, an e-commerce consultant. “This is the best Amazon can do without cannibalizing Prime, which is so important to its business.” © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Online retailer makes shoppers wait up to eight days for order; Wal-Mart’s free shipping on $35 gets to shoppers in two days Amazon, Wal-Mart, 25, Free, Shipping 227 Tuesday, 09 May 2017 02:57 PM 2017-57-09 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Corporate Tax Shakeup Puts Housing Developers in Tailspin Wednesday, 26 Apr 2017 | 50 comments Who cares it San Francisco!only libTARDs would talk about the down side of... Trump Sparks Fears of Tax War Against China, Other Countries Wednesday, 03 May 2017 | 87 comments So, the United States doesn't have the right for a good Deal or Prosperity... Trump Open to Raising Gas Tax and Negotiating Tax Overhaul Plan Monday, 01 May 2017 | 39 comments This is a very good idea from Trump. Good for the fiscal deficit; good for... Trump Says He's Considering Moves to Break Up Wall Street Banks Monday, 01 May 2017 | 40 comments Let's do it!... USA Today: Trump's Travel Ban Might Be $18 Billion Hit to US Tourism Thursday, 30 Mar 2017 | 2 comments Born Free:So once again, the BUCK ($$$) is more valuable than a human... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Email Password Remember me Forgot password?     Log in with Facebook Log in with Twitter Log In news tech & science social media business entertainment life sports     Amazon strikes back at Walmart's free two-day shipping offer Listen | Print By Business Insider     11 hours ago in Business Amazon is making it cheaper to qualify for free shipping. The retailer just lowered its free-shipping minimum to $25 from $35 for customers who aren't members of its Prime membership program. The website Best Black Friday alerted us to the change. This is the second time in three months that Amazon has lowered its free shipping threshold. In February, the retailer dropped the minimum to $35 from $49 right after Walmart rolled out free two-day shipping for all customers on orders over $35. The second drop comes after Walmart's launch of new discount for customers who ship purchases to one of the retailer's stores, instead of to a home or elsewhere. The discount knocks as much as $50 off purchases of larger items like televisions. Amazon is likely hoping that the cheaper free shipping threshold makes it better able to compete with Walmart for non-Prime members. But Walmart is still the better deal for those customers because it's offering all shoppers free two-day delivery — something Amazon offers only to Prime members. "Although non-Prime members can now avoid shipping fees, they will still have to wait for up to a week for their packages to arrive," said Sarah Engel, the senior vice president of global marketing for the retail analytics firm DynamicAction. "The fact that Amazon didn't outright match Wal-mart's free shipping timeline shows their continued commitment to the recurring revenue Prime model." Amazon Prime members pay $99 annually for free two-day shipping and a host of other services like unlimited streaming of movies and music. Prime members don't have to spend a minimum to qualify for free shipping. Walmart has been investing heavily in ecommerce, but it has a long way to go before it catches up with Amazon. Walmart's online sales were $13.7 billion in 2015, compared with Amazon's $107 billion. Walmart is still far ahead in terms of overall sales, however. Walmart generated $486 billion in fiscal 2016, which is more than three times as much as Amazon's revenue of $136 billion. This article was originally published on Business Insider. Copyright 2017. More about Amazon, Walmart, Business, Retail, Ecommerce   Amazon Walmart Business Retail Ecommerce Shipping online ordering Packages Latest News Top News Review: PRPLI celebrates 27th anniversary with Awards Dinner ceremony Special New lung cancer detection AI technology launched Op-Ed: Trump's firing of FBI Director shows how dangerous he really is Is your mobile device spying on you? Democrats slam 'outrageous' Trump sacking of FBI chief Tom Bertram talks 'World at My Feet,' Taylor Swift and Katy Perry Special Mobile phones ring changes for Nigeria's music industry Op-Ed: Japan to buy Tomahawk missiles? Good idea, in many ways Op-Ed: Libyan unity government foreign minister's claim creates trouble 'Knots Landing' and 'Friday the 13th' Actress, Lar Park Lincoln Special Corporate Contact Us About Us Advertise Investors & Partners Help & Support Editorial Guidelines Terms of Use Privacy Policy News Links Latest News Live Events News Alerts GlobeNewswire News Global Press Releases 24-7PressRelease.com copyright © 2017 digitaljournal.com   |   powered by dell servers
Skip to main content Login Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Duluth News Tribune Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Lac qui Parle County again needs a sheriff Shipping Traffic for May 10, 2017 Bygones for May 10, 2017 Twin Cities businesses partner with technical education programs to help close the 'skills gap' 19-year-old charged in Burnett County school shooting threat More Topics crime education health iron range politics st louis county superior business Headlines Louisiana Pacific siding plant in Cook delayed Minnesota DNR ready to auction more mineral rights Target to test next-day delivery service in Minneapolis New owner again says Hermantown Gander Mountain will stay open Glass act 2: Lake Superior Art Glass adds furnace, second location More Topics construction energy mining money shipping technology transportation sports Headlines Buxton leads Twins past White Sox College softball: UWS coach Plachta's future in limbo Prep summaries Duluth Huskies offering seasonal work Prep notes: WIAA to provide concussion insurance More Topics baseball basketball football golf hockey preps running features Headlines Design Recipes: 10 tips for the freshest floral looks Plumber: Looking for fun ways to save water Homegrown Day 7 recap: Jam bands, steampunk and kickball Concert review: Sonic explosions close DSSO's season Local historian and educator team up to chronicle ‘Duluth's Historic Parks: Their First 160 Years’ More Topics pursuits taste A&E home weekend featured columnists milestones Headlines Iliana Jaymes West Weston Brooks Eli Nicholas Myran Beckman, LeBlanc Happy 14th Birthday, Thor! More Topics weddings engagements anniversaries new arrivals 100 candles special occasions obituaries Headlines Bernard Leo "Bunny" Gamache Deborah Jean (Witzman) Beck Carol Rae Anderson Evelyn L.Patterson Anna Marie Sandstrom More Topics memorials opinion Headlines Reader's View: Messages in bottles are just pollution Reader's View: Oppose legislation that enables polluters Reader's View: Cooperative effort can protect environment Local View: Speak up about suicidal suspicions Our View: State up next on tobacco age More Topics columns editorial cartoons local view national view other view our view readers views outdoors Headlines MN DNR Weekly Report for May 8, 2017 Field Reports: Anglers encouraged to report catching tagged Rainy River sturgeon Outdoors calendar Houston's fishing report: The wait is almost over Ask a Conservation Officer: Using Lake Superior smelt as bait More Topics fishing hunting community Headlines Share a message to Mom Pets of the Week for May 9, 2017 Fun with machines at old-time snowmobile festival Superior and Douglas County calling for youth representatives Mentor Duluth More Topics scrapbook family Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Amazon cuts free shipping minimum to $25 By Reuters Media on May 9, 2017 at 1:26 p.m. The logo of Amazon is seen at the company logistics center. REUTERS/Pascal Rossigno   Amazon.com Inc said on Tuesday, May 9, it cut the threshold for free shipping to $25 from $35, upping the ante against Wal-Mart Stores Inc in a hotly contested battle for ecommerce supremacy. Amazon already offers free two-day shipping under its $99 Prime membership program but the new offer is aimed at encouraging more customers to shop on its platform. Amazon also hopes to convert these shoppers to Prime members down the line. The world's biggest retailer, Wal-Mart, has been building up its ecommerce business through acquisitions such as Jet.com, as it looks to narrow the massive gap with Amazon. Wal-Mart started its own membership program called ShippingPass last year, which offered free two-day shipping for $49 a year. However, the company ended the program in January, replacing it with free two-day shipping on orders of $35 or more. Explore related topics:NewsAmazonShoppingBusinessRetail Advertisement Latest Reader's View: Messages in bottles are just pollution1 hour ago Reader's View: Oppose legislation that enables polluters1 hour ago Reader's View: Cooperative effort can protect environment1 hour ago Local View: Speak up about suicidal suspicions1 hour ago Our View: State up next on tobacco age1 hour ago Lac qui Parle County again needs a sheriff1 hour ago Shipping Traffic for May 10, 20171 hour ago Bygones for May 10, 20172 hours ago more 〉 Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Duluth News Tribune Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Duluth News Tribune and Forum Communications Company 424 W. First St. Duluth, Minnesota 55802 Call us at (218) 723-5281
Sections MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Submit Follow Us Follow CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Retail MarTech More Submit Follow SUBSCRIBE Marketing Land Big Step Snapchat rolls out self-serve platform for its vertical video ads Now 'User-Friendly' Google AdSense now allows 300x250 ads above the fold on mobile Events Attend Marketing Land’s conferences MarTech CMO Social SEM SEO Mobile Analytics Display Email Retail Video Home Retail Get the most important digital marketing news each day. Amazon undercuts Walmart’s free shipping minimum — dropping order amount to $25 After lowering the free shipping minimum to $35 in February to match Walmart, Amazon has dropped the minimum once again for non-Prime members. Amy Gesenhues on May 9, 2017 at 2:22 pm More Julie Clopper / Shutterstock.com Amazon and Walmart’s battle over who has the lowest minimum order amount for free shipping hit another milestone this week, when Amazon undercut Walmart by $10 — dropping its minimum to $25. In February, Amazon dropped its free shipping minimum to $35 to match Walmart, but now, the e-commerce giant is going even lower, offering free shipping for non-Prime members on all orders of $25 or more (on eligible items). The drop was spotted yesterday by BestBlackFriday.com on Amazon’s shipping options page: “While we are not sure of the exact date that the new shipping minimum went into effect, we can tell you that it was sometime in the past week. According to Archive.org, Amazon still had the $35 minimum in effect as of May 2,” reports BestBlackFriday.com. Walmart took the first shot back in January when it began offering free two-day shipping on orders of $35 or more. At the time, Amazon’s free shipping minimum for non-Prime members was set at $49. In February, Amazon dropped its free shipping minimum to $35 to match Walmart. With its latest move, Amazon has nearly halved its minimum for free shipping since February — going from $49 to $25 as of this week. About The Author Amy Gesenhues Amy Gesenhues is Third Door Media's General Assignment Reporter, covering the latest news and updates for Marketing Land and Search Engine Land. From 2009 to 2012, she was an award-winning syndicated columnist for a number of daily newspapers from New York to Texas. With more than ten years of marketing management experience, she has contributed to a variety of traditional and online publications, including MarketingProfs.com, SoftwareCEO.com, and Sales and Marketing Management Magazine. Read more of Amy's articles. Popular Stories Facebook Lead Ads just got a whole lot more useful with offline conversion data Snapchat copies Instagram’s Boomerang with looping snaps Up close with Facebook’s Frame Studio The 5 best digital marketing courses for the modern-day marketer Related Topics AmazonChannel: RetailE-Commerce Sponsored We're listening. Have something to say about this article? Share it with us on Facebook, Twitter or our LinkedIn Group. Attend Our Conferences Gain new strategies and insights at the intersection of marketing, technology, and management. Our next conference will be held: May 9-11, 2017: MarTech San Francisco October 2-4, 2017: MarTech Boston × Attend MarTech - Click Here Learn More About Our MarTech Events June 13-14, 2017: SMX Advanced October 24-26, 2017: SMX East × Attend SMX - Click Here Learn More About Our SMX Events Take the MarTech Quiz Think you know martech? Find out by taking this 3-minute quiz. See how you score and share it with friends! Let's Get Started White Papers The Value of a Happy Customer The Big Book of Ascend Ideas What is Omniconversion? Digital Asset Management for Dummies Harnessing the Power of Machine Learning: A How-To for CMOs See More Whitepapers Webinars New RLSA Strategies for Search Marketers Start Listening! 7 Real-World Tips for Better Social Engagement Track, Qualify & Convert Your Leads: Using call and SMS data to drive new customers See More Webinars Research Reports Content Marketing Tools B2B Predictive Marketing Analytics Platforms Social Media Management Software Call Analytics Platforms Paid Media Campaign Management Platforms B2B Marketing Automation Platforms See More Research Sign up for our daily newsletter Follow Us © 2017 Third Door Media, Inc. All rights reserved.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 71° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Scattered thunderstorms in the morning. Partly cloudy skies late. High around 85F. Winds SW at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms. Low 68F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: May 10, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close New Amazon employees in Edwardsville Amazon undercuts Walmart with $25 free shipping threshold Bloomberg 12 hrs ago (…) New Amazon employees in Edwardsville Amazon.com lowered its free shipping threshold to $25 from $35, undercutting Wal-Mart Stores by $10 and escalating a battle between the world's e-commerce leader and the world's biggest retailer. The new threshold shows Amazon competing for shoppers who don't pay $99-a-year for Amazon Prime, which includes free two-day shipping on millions of items as well as access to music and video. These customers are Amazon's most loyal shoppers. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how St. Louis stocks are faring Who's hired? Check our People in Business The new pricing targets consumers who are more likely to defect to Wal-Mart since the Bentonville, Ark.-based retail giant offered free two-day shipping on orders of at least $35 while expanding its online marketplace inventory. Amazon's non-Prime customers who qualify for free shipping will have to wait longer for their deliveries than Wal-Mart shoppers — five to eight business days, according to the Seattle-based company's website. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Amazon Commerce Economics Shopper Shipping View (…) comments Most popular If you have a minor health problem, don't expect Anthem to pay for your ER visit Schnucks names Peacock new president and chief operating officer Camping World CEO says Gander Mountain made a bad bet on guns Family booted from Delta flight and threatened with jail after refusing to give up toddler's seat Limited-access club planned for Southwest terminal Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section City board withholds additional tax credits for developer Paul McKee Kingshighway bridge reopening set for Saturday Express Scripts launches program to reduce drug prices for uninsured Farm family sues Bridgeton landfill owners over radiation Walt Disney hurt by ESPN costs, shares dip Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Retail Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 10 MusicThe Grammy Awards Will Move to New York After a Decade in Los Angeles PoliticsTrump Will Meet Russia’s Foreign Minister at the White House ChinaChinese Premier Sends Foxconn a Reminder After Its CEO Visits the White House Boxes move along a conveyor belt at the Amazon.com Inc.  Bloomberg — Getty Images E-commerce Amazon Lowers Free-Shipping Minimum to $25 in New Shot at Walmart Phil Wahba May 09, 2017 The free shipping wars are heating up again. Amazon.com (amzn) has lowered its minimum order size for free-shipping to $25, the second reduction this year as its e-commerce battle with a resurgent Walmart (wmt) gets more intense. Three months ago, Amazon lowered the minimum for shoppers who are not members of its Prime subscription program (which offers free two-day shipping for a $99 a year fee), meaning that now, the order minimum is about half the $49 it was in February. The company did not officially announce the decrease, but its website currently says that online orders of at least $25 are eligible for free 5-8 days shipping on eligible items. The Amazon move comes as Walmart, which has gotten more aggressive in the last year in competing with Amazon, has itself lowered free shipping minimum thresholds. In January, Walmart nixed a Prime-like subscription service it had been testing and instead began offering free two-day shipping on orders from an assortment of 2 million items for orders of $35 or more. It was one of the first major moves by Marc Lore, the founder of Jet.com who sold his company to Wal-Mart Stores last year for $3 billion and also took the reins as Walmart's head of e-commerce. The new $25 minimum at Amazon is actually a return to the past: as recently as 2013, that was the amount non-Prime members had to buy for free shipping before Amazon starting raising the minimum. The aggressive pricing vis-a-vis Walmart is likely a way for Amazon to respond to its rival's recent pickup discount program, BestBlackFriday.com, a website that tracks online shopping trends, surmised in a blog post. Walmart's Pickup Discount program introduced last month let shoppers get an extra discount if they pick up an online order in store, a way for the retailer to leverage its thousands of stores, but a tactic hard for Amazon to mimic. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Time to Sell Target? 3 Things You Need to Know This analyst doesn't hate target -- it just likes Wal-Mart better. Rich Smith (TMFDitty) May 9, 2017 at 12:48PM Every day, Wall Street analysts upgrade some stocks, downgrade others, and "initiate coverage" on a few more. But do these analysts even know what they're talking about? Today, we're taking one high-profile Wall Street pick and putting it under the microscope... At Motley Fool CAPS, we follow a lot of analysts -- 216 name-brand equity researchers, brokers, investments bankers, hedge fund managers, and TV talking heads at last count. Over the past decade, however, Gordon Haskett Research is one researcher we have not had opportunity to review before. (Probably because, according to data from StreetInsider.com at least, Gordon Haskett only began publishing stock ratings around the middle of last month.) That could soon change -- because Gordon Haskett is storming onto Wall Street today with no fewer than 10 brand-new stock ratings in the retail sector. Of these, a couple stand out for their audacity: a big buy rating on Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), and an even bigger recommendation to sell Wal-Mart's archrival, Target (NYSE:TGT). Here are three things you need to know about these ratings. One analyst just painted a bullseye on Target. Image source: Getty Images. 1. Setting up the Target Tuesday dawned dark and foreboding for shareholders of Target stock, when Gordon Haskett put out a very negative note on the retailer -- a retailer that, one gets the impression, GH would really like to see succeed, but fears will fail instead. GH lays out its sell thesis by first accentuating the positive. Target has a relatively new CEO in Brian Cornell, and Cornell is making "all the right decisions" to try to save Target from the twin threats posed by Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) in e-tail, and Wal-Mart (in both e-tail and retail). Already, Target has reset its earnings guidance for the current year, such that analysts are now on the same page, and predicting declining same-store sales and profits of only about $4 a share this fiscal year. Target plans to spend about $1 billion this year on remodeling stores and cutting prices on its wares (to better compete with Wal-Mart). It's also positioned to profit from the wave of smaller retailers (Gander Mountain, hhgregg, and Limited Stores, just to name a few) going out of business and leaving their customers with few options (other than Target) to shop at. 2. Trashing Target That's the good news. Now here's the bad. Target is "moving ... too slow" to fix what's wrong with it. More importantly, Gordon Haskett has seen this movie before, where retailers such as Kroger and Wal-Mart itself had to remake their business models and lower their prices to better compete in the age of Amazon. But GH notes ominously that it took Kroger "several years" to accomplish its makeover, and Wal-Mart "2+ years to get its act together." Thus, while many analysts are taking it on faith that Target will right its ship within this year, and won't need to spend more than $1 billion to fix its business, GH is not sold on that idea. Rather, the analyst worries that this "will likely be a multi-year journey" and one that will depress Target's earnings for years to come. In the very short term, GH warns that Wall Street's expectation of a return to profits growth ($4.03 in earnings projected for fiscal 2018) is overoptimistic, and earnings could instead decline 10% next year (to $3.60). If and when that happens, Target shareholders could be in for a shock. GH advises the better move is to sell the stock today, rather than be unpleasantly surprised by its performance next year. 3. And picking Wal-Mart instead What should an investor buy instead of Target? Gordon Haskett modestly suggests Target's biggest brick-and-mortar competitor: Wal-Mart. In a buy recommendation out this morning, positing a $90 price target for Wal-Mart stock, GH argues that the once-reviled retailer "is not your father's Wal-Mart anymore." Rather, Wal-Mart is "building a digital ecosystem that should have tangible benefits across the enterprise," and help the company to compete better against not just Target, but Amazon.com as well. Investments in IT, says GH, are giving Wal-Mart advantages in better "access to customer data" and creating "cross-over benefits for in-store traffic." And the proof is in the pudding: Whereas Target's same-store sales are dropping, GH notes that Wal-Mart is growing same-store sales, and in particular, attracting more millennial shoppers to its stores. What it means to investors While Target's profits slump, Gordon Haskett sees Wal-Mart's earnings rising, and even exceeding other analyst estimates. This year, GH predicts that Wal-Mart will earn about $4.37 per diluted share ($0.05 more than the Wall Street consensus). That would price the stock at about 17.6 times current-year earnings at Wal-Mart's share price today. What's more, GH says its predictions could prove "a touch conservative" -- in which case, Wal-Mart's stock is even cheaper than it looks. Granted, GH's prediction of $4 profits at Target implies a valuation of only 14.5 times earnings on that stock, which suggests Target may be cheaper than Wal-Mart. But remember that GH thinks Target's profits are declining, while Wal-Mart's are growing. If that's the case, then Wal-Mart really could be the better deal even at a steeper valuation. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info May 9, 2017 at 12:48PM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $952.82 up $3.78 (0.40%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.72 up $0.60 (0.79%) Target NYSE:TGT $58.08 up $0.78 (1.36%) Read More Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Investors Should Consider Buying Wal-Mart Has Its Own Take on Amazon's Dash Button Hate Checking Your Portfolio? Try These 3 Stocks The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Time to Sell Target? 3 Things You Need to Know @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $TGT
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Made in America: Aderholt, Walmart tout Alabama factory Haleyville plant touts American spirit Print Email William Thornton | wthornton@al.com By William Thornton | wthornton@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 09, 2017 at 12:30 PM, updated May 09, 2017 at 12:43 PM comments Congressman Robert Aderholt has been to Exxel Outdoor's plant in his hometown of Haleyville so many times, he jokes, he could give the tour that any visitor gets. The plant employs about 100 people and turns out around 2 million sleeping bags a year, in as many as 300 different varieties - including camouflage and Disney characters. A good portion of those sleeping bags are sold in Walmarts around North America - including the most popular style, which sells for $8.97.   Today Aderholt was once again at the factory for an event in association with Walmart to tout American manufacturing. The Republican representative and the retail giant have both played key roles in keeping the plant functioning, company officials said. "It's great knowing you can go into any Walmart and open up a sleeping bag and see that it was made in Haleyville, Alabama," Aderholt said, standing under a banner that read "Proudly Made in America." People in Haleyville still remember the day they poured the concrete for the plant back in the 90s - 250,000 square feet, then a record. But by 2000, the plant, owned by Brunswick, was slated to close. Aderholt said this was due to the ripple effects from NAFTA, which was beginning to be seen in small towns throughout America. CEO Harry Kazazian and Armen Kouleyan, the company's vice chairman of the board, bought the Haleyville company from Brunswick. They then went to Walmart looking for a lifeline, and the retailer responded by ordering sleeping bags because the products were made in America. "They're the reason why this factory is still here," Kazazian said. Plus, Kouleyan said, workers were receptive to automation on the floor and practices to make it more competitive with plants in China and other parts of Asia. Haleyville Mayor Ken Sunseri said the plant's workforce has "really worked hard to keep things going at maximum efficiency." Glen Wilkins, who handles government and public affairs for Walmart in Alabama and Georgia, said it was part of the company's commitment to American-made products. Walmart announced in 2013 a commitment to purchase $250 billion in American-made products by 2023. Today, the retailer announced a scholarship program with Exxel in five local schools for students wanting to pursue manufacturing sector jobs. "It's had a tangible effect," Wilkins said of the American-made goods push. "Factories stay open, American-made products are added, and it's creating and sustaining American jobs." The factory ran into other problems in 2010, when companies in Bangladesh discovered a loophole in a World Trade Organization policy and tariff-free sleeping bags came onto the American market. Kazazian credited Aderholt and former Sen. Jeff Sessions with helping to keep the plant operating. Aderholt said the plant's biggest asset, though, is its workers. He also said he is encouraged by what he sees as a renewed focus in Washington toward manufacturing jobs. "Isn't it great that we have a president who understands the importance of American-made goods?" Aderholt said, referring to President Donald Trump. Some workers could be heard to respond, "Amen." "I think we're hopefully going to be seeing more American-made products and a rekindling of that spirit," he said. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Wednesday, May 10, 2017 Chatham, ON 7° Partly cloudy Sponsored by: BOBS MOTORSPORT Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion UR Contests Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Weather Become A Carrier Playoff Pool More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Lion’s Club raffle will help pay for your groceries By Louis Pin, Postmedia Network Tuesday, May 9, 2017 12:53:02 EDT PM (FOTOLIA) Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error There’s still time to get in on the Chatham Lions Club’s latest fundraising effort. This month they’re raising funds for Outreach for Hunger in Chatham by holding a raffle. On May 20 three winners will be drawn – for grocery runs of $100, $200, and $300 respectively. It isn’t the first time the Lions Club has done the grocery run fundraiser. “It’s been a while since we’ve done it,” said Curtis Marwood, public relations chair with the Chatham Lions Club. “I think we did it before I became a member of the club (in 2005) … one of the members suggested it. He talked to Walmart to see if they’d do that with us.” Winners will get only a few minutes – one, two, or three, depending on the money they win – to go through Walmart and load up their shopping carts. The rest of their winnings will be distributed in Walmart gift cards at the store check-out. “We hope to raise enough to pay for the prizes,” Marwood said. “I think we’re on our way to that … and whatever we raise is for Outreach for Hunger. It’s a local need; we’ve been supporting Outreach for a number of years.” The Chatham Lions Club works to help other areas of need as well. One of their programs assists people unable to afford glasses, and another helps people travel to and from appointments within Chatham-Kent. It’s their way of giving back to the community. Tickets are available for $2 apiece or $5 for three. They’re being sold this weekend and next at the local Walmart on St. Clair Road in Chatham. The draw will happen at 3 p.m. on Saturday, May 20. For more information on the Chatham Lions Club or the fundraiser call 519-352 8732. lpin@postmedia.com Barbecue at Giant Tiger On May 13 the Chatham Lions Club will host a barbecue with hot dogs and hamburgers outside the Giant Tiger on Grand Avenue West in Chatham. It is slated to begin at 11 a.m. and run into the early afternoon. The barbecue will help fund the club’s projects. All money will stay local. Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Restaurants Boston Pizza Funeral Services Alexander & Houle Funeral Home Ltd. Finance Credit Bureau Collection Services​ Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with Chatham Daily News Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options Chatham View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow Chatham Daily News Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Baseball Basketball Football Soccer Curling Golf Lacrosse Motorsports Other Sports Playoff Pool Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Money Contests Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Photos Videos Weather Become A Carrier Playoff Pool Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print Chatham Daily News Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 Chatham Daily News. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Walmart expands its online grocery pickup service to the Greater Cleveland market (photos) Print Email Marcia Pledger, The Plain Dealer By Marcia Pledger, The Plain Dealer The Plain Dealer Follow on Twitter on May 09, 2017 at 12:26 PM, updated May 09, 2017 at 3:34 PM comments CLEVELAND, Ohio - Walmart is expanding its online grocery pickup service to the Greater Cleveland market this week, after entering the Columbus, Cincinnati and Pittsburgh markets last year. The retailer continues to ramp up it's latest effort to boost online and offline interactions between the customer and the retailer.        On Wednesday, the new service starts in Wadsworth and Chardon, and Thursday, customers can start using the new service in Avon, Elyria and Strongsville. While customers have always been able to order goods online and pick them up inside stores, groceries had always been the exception. With this new service, a dedicated employee is assigned to pull orders together and bring it out to the customer's vehicle - free of charge. Interested customers should order on walmart.com/ groceries or through the Walmart app. Other items besides groceries can also be ordered, as long as they cost less than $50. Andrew Bounds, Walmart E-commerce Manager says the new grocery pick-up service is the company's effort to stay current with a continually changing societyMarcia Pledger, The Plain Dealer  "The service is primarily set up for groceries, but customers can add things like motor oil, a light bulb or a dvd player," said Andrew Bounds, Walmart's E-commerce Market Coach. "It just can't be a sized item like T-shirts. "You can order online or on the mobile app, and instead of keeping a grocery list you just add things to your cart," he said. "It stays in your cart until you're ready. You might not come back to it for a week." The service started rolling out gradually a couple of years ago, and now it's already in 100 markets and in more than 600 locations. By the end of 2017, the service is expected to be in 1,200 locations, Bounds said. Here's how it works: Customers order and choose a pickup time and enter their zip codes to select a local store and begin creating their shopping lists. Personal shoppers fill the basket with produce, meats and other items. Pick Up and Go: Once a customer arrives at the pickup location, they go to reserved parking spaces marked in orange, where they get a designated number to call to alert an associate. An associate retrieves the prepared order and loads it into the customer's car. "Our society is changing and we're changing with the times to serve people in a way that's more convenient for them," Bounds said. "It's getting rave reviews everywhere. We launched in Erie, Pennsylvania, last week and got nothing but rave reviews ... It's free, it saves you time and it's so easy to do. It's a big win." Top Workplaces Top Workplaces 2017 150 winners will be announced on June 18. The 2016 Top Workplaces List Business Features Northeast Ohio business and networking events Northeast Ohio commercial real estate news ScamFinder! Protect yourself from common scams Active Discussions Most Read Business news in your inbox Sign up to get our business newsletter twice a day, Mon.-Fri. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Features Reviews Phones Android iPhone Windows Phone Apps Computers Laptops Lenovo Tablets Windows Tutorials Events More Audio Crowfunding Design/Concepts Gadgets Gaming General Photo/Video Web Ubergizmo in French Ubergizmo in German Ubergizmo in Italian Ubergizmo in Spanish Amazon Free Shipping Minimum Cut To $25 By Adnan Farooqui on 05/09/2017 09:14 PDT Walmart has been working hard to challenge Amazon’s hold in the online shopping arena and now Amazon is firing back with a major move of its own. Amazon, one of the largest online retailers in the world, has decided to lower its free shipping minimum requirement to $25. It has made this decision after Walmart added support for free two-day shipping on all orders under $35 without requiring any membership. Amazon has a free shipping minimum in place for those who don’t subscribe to its Prime membership program. They have to place orders that total a certain amount of money in order to get free shipping or else they have to pay for shipping themselves. Prime members don’t have to worry about buying enough stuff to hit the minimum requirement because Amazon already provides them with free two-day shipping on more than 50 million items aside from many other perks that even include video and music streaming services. Before Walmart made its announcement in January this year, Amazon’s free shipping minimum was relatively high at $49. It was priced that way to entice more people to pay for the Prime membership program. Amazon first cut its minimum requirement to $35 in February and it has now decided to cut it down even further to $25, this will enable plenty of customers to get what they want without having to buy additional stuff or having to bear the burden of paying to ship themselves. Filed in General. Read more about Amazon. Related Articles 2017-05-09 Amazon Echo Show Price And Specs Officially Confirmed 2017-05-08 New Amazon Echo Could Be Unveiled Tomorrow 2017-05-07 Amazon Echo With Display Image Leaked 2017-05-03 Full Bixby Vision Features Activated On Verizon’s Galaxy S8 2017-05-03 Ecobee4 Smart Thermostat Now Available For Pre-Order Company In Sweden Embeds Microchips Into Its Employees Some Facebook Users Are Seeing A New Rocket Icon In The App Google Pulls The Plug On Its Map Maker Service Pornhub Gives Its Visitors A Heart Attack With Its April Fool’s Prank User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments
Amazon makes it even easier to get free 2-day shipping - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report   Amazon makes it even easier to get free 2-day shipping 2017-05-09T22:09:08Z © Julie Clopper/Shutterstock From Digital TrendsMore>> Amazon makes it even easier to get free 2-day shipping Amazon makes it even easier to get free 2-day shipping If you're a regular Amazon shopper who's not signed up for Prime, the new free shipping minimum offers an even better chance to save some cash.More >> If you're a regular Amazon shopper who's not signed up for Prime, the new free shipping minimum offers an even better chance to save some cash.More >> Got an NES Classic? Here’s how to hack it to play more than 700 games Got an NES Classic? Here’s how to hack it to play more than 700 games If you were lucky enough to pick up an NES Classic before production stopped, here's a trick to get the most out of the console.More >> If you were lucky enough to pick up an NES Classic before production stopped, here's a trick to get the most out of the console.More >> Ready for fizzy coffee and sparkling tequila? DrinkMate can carbonate anything Ready for fizzy coffee and sparkling tequila? DrinkMate can carbonate anything If you’ve ever wonder what will happen if you put wine in your SodaStream, the DrinkMate is for you. More >> If you’ve ever wonder what will happen if you put wine in your SodaStream, the DrinkMate is for you.More >> You’re doing it wrong! Here’s the perfect way to watch every Star Wars film You’re doing it wrong! Here’s the perfect way to watch every Star Wars film There are several fan-sanctioned ways to watch the Star Wars films. More >> There are several fan-sanctioned ways to watch the Star Wars films.More >> Zillow wants to help millennials buy their first homes with RealEstate.com Zillow wants to help millennials buy their first homes with RealEstate.com Buying a house for the first time can be a daunting prospect, especially when it comes to budgeting. Zillow's new tool RealEstate.com is here to help.More >> Buying a house for the first time can be a daunting prospect, especially when it comes to budgeting. Zillow's new tool RealEstate.com is here to help.More >>    By Trevor Mogg Provided by Amazon continues to fiddle about with its free shipping minimum, in recent days cutting it from $35 to $25. The move comes just a couple of months after the ecommerce giant dropped it to $35 from $49. “Walmart is definitely forcing their hand with the new [rate],” BestBlackFriday‘s Phillip Dengler, who spotted the change, told Digital Trends. Indeed, Amazon’s maneuverings follow Walmart’s decision earlier this year to do away with its subscription-based ShippingPass and replace it with free two-day shipping on eligible orders worth $35 or more. However, Amazon’s deliveries take between five and eight business days to reach your door, whereas Walmart promises to have orders in your hand in just a couple of days. To secure free two-day shipping, or faster, Amazon shoppers have to sign up to Prime, which in the United States costs $99 a year and includes additional benefits such as online access to thousands of streaming movies, TV shows, and the Kindle Owners’ Lending Library. Price juggling The Seattle-based company occasionally switches its minimum order total for free shipping, often in response to the competition though at other times to deal with its own logistical and financial challenges. In February 2016, for example, it raised it to $49 from $35. Longtime Amazon customers that aren’t Prime members will recall that before then, free shipping came with orders totting up to $25 or more. So, yes, Amazon has returned to its pre-2013 free shipping minimum. Another big hitter, Best Buy, has also been testing different offers in a bid to win more customers, saying that it “sometimes offers free shipping for specific shipping methods in select categories, or free shipping sitewide.” If you sign up to the free “My Best Buy” scheme, you’ll find that some orders qualify for free two-day shipping, with a minimum purchase of $35. Additionally, if you buy lots of stuff on its site you’ll quality for its “Elite” or “Elite Plus” scheme, bagging you free two-day deliveries on many items, with no minimum purchase. For Amazon shoppers that really don’t want to fork out $99 a year for Prime, the bottom line is this: Wait until there’s at least $25 worth of stuff you want to order before you hit the “buy” button. But if your order hits $35, it’d be a good idea to check the other sites as well to make sure you’re getting the best possible deal. Follow us: @digitaltrends on Twitter | DigitalTrends on Facebook This article was originally posted on Digital Trends Content provided by INFORMATIONAL DISCLAIMER The information contained on or provided through this site is intended for general consumer understanding and education only and is not intended to be and is not a substitute for professional financial or accounting advice. Always seek the advice of your accountant or other qualified personal finance advisor for answers to any related questions you may have. Use of this site and any information contained on or provided through this site is at your own risk and any information contained on or provided through this site is provided on an "as is" basis without any representations or warranties. Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Target Tries to Answer Amazon and Wal-Mart's Shipping Dominance The retailer plans to expand a test of a new one-day shipping program, but it may not be enough to compete. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) May 9, 2017 at 9:53AM Target (NYSE:TGT) has become a distant third in the three-way race for digital customers between it, Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN), and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT). Amazon remains the established leader offering everything from free two-day shipping to its Prime members, to one- or two-hour delivery in some markets. Wal-Mart has enhanced its position as the runner-up by being boldly aggressive under new digital boss Marc Lore. That has included dropping its $50 Prime knockoff ShippingPass in favor of offering free, two-day shipping to any consumer who orders over $35 worth of eligible items. Target, like Wal-Mart, has been touting the ability for a consumer to order online and pickup in store or to return an online order at a physical store. What it lacked was a signature shipping promotion, an offer that's at least a little different from what its rivals are doing. Now, in its home market of Minneapolis, the company is doing just that. Target has launched a pilot program where it's testing next-day delivery for certain home essentials. Target Restock will let consumers fill a box for next-day delivery at a set delivery price. Image source: Target. What is Target doing? While the program has only reached the stage of being tested by employees at Target headquarters, Target plans to test what it's calling Target Restock with consumers this summer in the Minneapolis area. the program offers a limited selection of items, what the company calls "essentials" for next-day delivery. "We created Target Restock to save busy guests time, and make it easier than ever to get household essentials delivered quickly," the company said in a press release. How will Target Restock work? People who hold a Target REDcard, the chain's credit and debit loyalty card, living in the test area will be able visit a new, dedicated online shopping area where they can "access thousands of household essentials." Once inside the digital store, they will be able to order items, which, if he or she places the order by 1:30 p.m,, will be delivered to his or her home by the next business day. Target has not released what each delivery will cost. Amazon offers free two-hour delivery in select markets to Prime members through its Prime Now program and charges $7.99 for one-hour delivery, also in limited markets. Wal-Mart, Target, and  Amazon all offer one-day shipping on many items for an added fee that varies based on what you are buying. In addition, Wal-Mart offers discounts on some orders if they are placed online and picked up in a store. Will this work for Target? While it's nice to see Target trying new things, Restock seems like a niche program at best. Amazon has made two-day shipping a sort of consumer standard, and in most cases, that's good enough, even on the items Target has deemed essential. Instead of focusing on one-day delivery, Target would be better off finding a way to at least match, if not improve upon Wal-Mart's free two-day shipping on any eligible $35 order offer. Target currently offers free shipping at that dollar amount ordered, but it only promises delivery in 3-5 days. It's easy to see why consumers might pay for the near-immediacy of one- or even two-hour delivery. It's less logical to see a place in the market for one-day delivery, assuming orders are placed by 1:30 p.m. Serving people who can wait one, but not two, days may prove to be perhaps too much of a niche audience for Target. The company deserves credit for trying, and perhaps Restock will develop into something more useful. The idea as it currently stands, however, seems like an idea that may appeal to Target's core customer, but not one that will win it any Amazon or Wal-Mart loyalists. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info May 9, 2017 at 9:53AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $952.82 up $3.78 (0.40%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.72 up $0.60 (0.79%) Target NYSE:TGT $58.08 up $0.78 (1.36%) Read More What Happened in the Stock Market Today Target Sales Slide but Shares Fly High Anyway 3 Reasons I Bought Target Stock This Month 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Investors Should Consider Buying Hate Checking Your Portfolio? Try These 3 Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Target Tries to Answer Amazon and Wal-Mart's Shipping Dominance @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $TGT
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Amazon Drops Free Shipping Minimum To $25 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Amazon Drops Free Shipping Minimum To $25 Image courtesy of Drew Stephens May 9, 2017 9:33 am EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler making shipping changes SHIPPING amazon free shipping lowering the minimum getting more free shipping dropping the price walmart retail e-commerce Online shoppers are benefitting from the e-commerce battle between Amazon and Walmart. Amazon has once again lowered its minimum for free shipping for non-Prime orders, from $35 to $25, undercutting Walmart’s minimum by $10. The Verge reports that Amazon quietly made the change, which was first noticed by BestBlackFriday, last week but it went unnoticed until now. Amazon’s shipping page now notes that “all orders of $25 or more of eligible items across any product category qualify for FREE Shipping.” The new shipping threshold applies to any item with “FREE Shipping” messaging on its product detail page and includes a notation that the product is fulfilled and shipped by Amazon. The e-commerce giant does include the warning that canceling items, combining orders, or changing your shipping address could affect the free shipping eligibility of some items. Amazon’s Prime subscription service, which offers free two-day shipping on millions of items, does not appear to be affected by this change. The $25 minimum shipping requirement marks the second time this year that Amazon has quietly lowered the threshold for free shipping in the face of competition from Walmart. Back in February, the company dropped the qualifying purchase price to $35 from $49. That move came on the heels of Walmart’s decision to decision to drop its $50/year ShippingPass service, which had been intended to compete directly with Prime. Instead of a subscription tier, Walmart has opted to offer free two-day shipping on a wide variety of products — with a minimum purchase price of $35, which just happens to be the same minimum that Amazon has reverted to. More recently, Walmart announced that it would offer customers discounts if they shopped online but picked up their products in stores. The discount varies by product and can be see on the item’s product page online. A rep for Amazon would only confirm to Consumerist that the change was made “recently.” May 9, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler making shipping changes SHIPPING amazon free shipping lowering the minimum getting more free shipping dropping the price walmart retail e-commerce Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Undercutting The Competition Target Reduces Free Shipping Requirement To $25, Now Cheaper Than Walmart & Amazon up up and away Amazon Raising Free Shipping Minimum For Non-Prime Shoppers From $35 To $49 making shipping changes Amazon Reduces Minimum On Free Shipping For Non-Prime Customers ShippingPass No More Walmart Ditching $50/Year ShippingPass For Free Two-Day Shipping what works for you? Are Amazon’s Month-To-Month Prime Memberships Ever Worth The Extra Money? Previous Fights Erupt At Airport After Spirit Airlines Cancels 9 Flights Next Cotton Swab Injuries Send 12,500 Kids To Hospital Each Year Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Cotton Swab Injuries Send 12,500 Kids To Hospital Each Year Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Amazon Drops Free Shipping Minimum to $25 By Douglas A. McIntyre May 9, 2017 6:20 am EDT Print Email Tweet Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) has dropped its free shipping minimum to $25. The former minimum was $35. The delivery time for the new service runs between five and eight days. The matrix of Amazon free shipping programs is complex and depends not more than just the order amount. Members of Amazon’s Prime shopping and streaming video plan get free shipping on almost all orders. A Prime subscription costs $10.99 a month, and its free shipping plans come in several tiers. For 50 million items, the basic Prime program offers free shipping in two days. This service carries no minimum order. Amazon also offers Prime members free shipping within two hours in some cities as part of a service called Prime Now. Amazon offers free same-day delivery for millions of other items. The e-commerce giant has a number of restrictions on free shipping, based on the time of day items are ordered, and also on rules for Saturday and Sunday in some parts of the country Free shipping programs are a major tactic in the war for e-commerce customers. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE WMT), Amazon’s primary e-commerce rival in the United States, offers free shipping for orders over $35. The time period for delivery is two days. And the Wal-Mart program does not require people who use it to be members of any of Wal-Mart’s credit card plans or shipping plans. Additionally, Wal-Mart has free shipping for some items not included in its shipping program. These appear to be selected by Wal-Mart management based on some formula not available to customers. These items get delivered in three to five days. Because Wal-Mart has a network of over 4,100 stores, it offers discounts to people who don’t use free shipping. These customers have to order online and pick up their items at a Wal-Mart location. Free shipping is also available from virtually every large retailer in the United States. For the most part, these plans offer the free program for orders of more than $35. Most promise delivery in two days. All have qualifications for which products are included. Free shipping tactics have become a major part of retail competition for online customers. Retailers often change free shipping charges, as well as the number and type of products included. The news of Amazon’s $25 minimum is another salvo in the free shipping wars. It is left to its competition to decide whether it is worth matching in order to keep or draw customers. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « More Than 1 Million Sign Petitions Demanding Amazon Stop Advertising on Breitbart Gas Prices Dip Below $2 in Some Cities » Read more: Retail, Corporate Performance, featured, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 11 Medical Conditions Aspirin Can Treat America's Happiest (and Most Miserable) States America's 25 Thriving Industries 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America 9 Ways to Deal With Robocalls Recent Why Yelp Is Getting Crushed Disney Earnings Aren’t Enough For Investors Tuesday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Pandora, Hertz Plunge into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Nuance Keeps Seeing Demand Rise TripAdvisor Jump-Starts Sales Growth Despite Weaker Net Income Why Tesla, Inc. Stock Surged 12.9% in April June WTI oil at $46.27/bbl, up from $45.88 Nymex settlement WTI oil edges up in electronic trade; sources say API data show US crude supply drop Nvidia reports earnings of 79 cents a share on revenue of $1.94 billion, beating estimates What Are We Waiting For? New Strong Buy Stocks At 52-Week Highs Today What to Do Before the Machines Take Over Toyota's Fiscal-Year Net Profit Falls 20% Sean Spicer: Democrats Should Agree with the Decision to Fire Comey Amazon Trounces Rivals in Battle of the Shopping 'Bots' Why You Should Be Cautious About The 23-Karat Gold Face Cream At Sephora Australian Senator Becomes First To Breastfeed On Parliament Floor Fyre Festival Apparently Tried To Silence Critics With Cease And Desist Letters Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Amazon drops free shipping minimum to $25 24/7 Wall St. Douglas A. McIntyre 20 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The fastest growing city in each state The biggest bank in every state © Thinkstock Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) has dropped its free shipping minimum to $25. The former minimum was $35. The delivery time for the new service runs between five and eight days. The matrix of Amazon free shipping programs is complex and depends not more than just the order amount. Members of Amazon's Prime shopping and streaming video plan get free shipping on almost all orders. A Prime subscription costs $10.99 a month, and its free shipping plans come in several tiers. For 50 million items, the basic Prime program offers free shipping in two days. This service carries no minimum order. Amazon also offers Prime members free shipping within two hours in some cities as part of a service called Prime Now. Amazon offers free same-day delivery for millions of other items. The e-commerce giant has a number of restrictions on free shipping, based on the time of day items are ordered, and also on rules for Saturday and Sunday in some parts of the country Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 952.82 +3.78 +0.40% Free shipping programs are a major tactic in the war for e-commerce customers. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE WMT), Amazon's primary e-commerce rival in the United States, offers free shipping for orders over $35. The time period for delivery is two days. And the Wal-Mart program does not require people who use it to be members of any of Wal-Mart's credit card plans or shipping plans. Additionally, Wal-Mart has free shipping for some items not included in its shipping program. These appear to be selected by Wal-Mart management based on some formula not available to customers. These items get delivered in three to five days. Because Wal-Mart has a network of over 4,100 stores, it offers discounts to people who don't use free shipping. These customers have to order online and pick up their items at a Wal-Mart location. Free shipping is also available from virtually every large retailer in the United States. For the most part, these plans offer the free program for orders of more than $35. Most promise delivery in two days. All have qualifications for which products are included. Free shipping tactics have become a major part of retail competition for online customers. Retailers often change free shipping charges, as well as the number and type of products included. The news of Amazon's $25 minimum is another salvo in the free shipping wars. It is left to its competition to decide whether it is worth matching in order to keep or draw customers. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from 247wallst Apple Market Cap Approaches $800 Billion, a Record 24/7 Wall St. Honeywell Cuts Estimate on Global Helicopter Sales 24/7 Wall St. AMD Sees Huge Insider Sale as Ryzen Launch Meets Mixed Reviews 24/7 Wall St. 24/7 Wall St. View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored 15.6-in Dell: 1TB HDD, DVD RW, + HD touchscreen Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Linksys Wi-Fi Range Extender, on sale $99.99 Save $350 on this Dell with 4K HD and 1TB SSD Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tompkins Financial Corp Increases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Arvest Bank Trust Division Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Has $9,394,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by Shelter Mutual Insurance Co Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Has $634,000 Position in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Position Held by Caledonia Investments PLC Vince Holding Corp (VNCE) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Earns In-Line Rating from Evercore ISI Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Under Armour Inc (UAA) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Raised to “Buy” at Pivotal Research Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stock Rating Lowered by First Analysis Vale SA (VALE) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp (TPVG) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) PT Lowered to $96.00 Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri A.S. (TKC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for SLM Corp (SLM) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Twilio (TWLO) Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Osisko gold royalties Ltd (OR) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.06 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by Shelter Mutual Insurance Co May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Shelter Mutual Insurance Co continued to hold its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The fund owned 129,042 shares of the retailer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Wal-Mart Stores comprises about 2.9% of Shelter Mutual Insurance Co’s portfolio, making the stock its 14th largest position. Shelter Mutual Insurance Co’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $9,301,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. Other hedge funds have also recently made changes to their positions in the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $104,000. BKS Advisors LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $110,000. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC boosted its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the period. TLP Group LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $128,000. Finally, Crow Point Partners LLC purchased a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth about $127,000. 29.69% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 76.12 on Tuesday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 1-year low of $62.72 and a 1-year high of $76.60. The stock has a market cap of $230.87 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.38 and a beta of 0.09. The company has a 50-day moving average of $72.88 and a 200 day moving average of $70.35. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.49 earnings per share. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a $0.51 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.68%. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is currently 43.48%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright law. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stake-held-by-shelter-mutual-insurance-co.html. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on WMT. Vetr cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $79.40 price objective for the company. in a research note on Monday. MKM Partners set a $72.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Pacific Crest cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores to a “hold” rating in a research note on Sunday, April 30th. Robert W. Baird reaffirmed an “outperform” rating and set a $80.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Thursday, February 16th. Finally, Stifel Nicolaus raised their target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores from $70.00 to $72.00 and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have issued a buy rating to the company. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $76.01. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 4,375,337 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.79, for a total value of $314,105,443.23. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $754,306,647.33. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at approximately $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock worth $1,110,035,611 in the last ninety days. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tompkins Financial Corp Increases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Arvest Bank Trust Division Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Has $9,394,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by Shelter Mutual Insurance Co Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Has $634,000 Position in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Position Held by Caledonia Investments PLC Vince Holding Corp (VNCE) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Earns In-Line Rating from Evercore ISI Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Under Armour Inc (UAA) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Raised to “Buy” at Pivotal Research Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stock Rating Lowered by First Analysis Vale SA (VALE) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp (TPVG) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) PT Lowered to $96.00 Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri A.S. (TKC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for SLM Corp (SLM) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Twilio (TWLO) Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Osisko gold royalties Ltd (OR) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.06 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Arvest Bank Trust Division Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Arvest Bank Trust Division lowered its position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 8.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 147,701 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 12,788 shares during the period. Arvest Bank Trust Division’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $10,647,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other hedge funds have also modified their holdings of the company. Proficio Capital Partners LLC increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Proficio Capital Partners LLC now owns 28,529 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,058,000 after buying an additional 95 shares during the last quarter. Fiduciary Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 14.2% in the third quarter. Fiduciary Group LLC now owns 34,697 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,502,000 after buying an additional 4,316 shares during the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.2% in the third quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 242,708 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $17,503,000 after buying an additional 5,131 shares during the last quarter. Ausdal Financial Partners Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.9% in the third quarter. Ausdal Financial Partners Inc. now owns 6,531 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $471,000 after buying an additional 119 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 38.6% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 4,080 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $279,000 after buying an additional 1,137 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 76.12 on Tuesday. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $72.88 and its 200 day moving average is $70.35. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52 week low of $62.72 and a 52 week high of $76.60. The stock has a market cap of $230.87 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.38 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The company had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm earned $1.49 earnings per share. On average, equities analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The business also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.68%. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 43.48%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Arvest Bank Trust Division Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT)” was first published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was illegally copied and reposted in violation of U.S. and international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece of content can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/arvest-bank-trust-division-cuts-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. A number of analysts have weighed in on the company. Vetr downgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $79.40 price target for the company. in a report on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and set a $81.00 price objective (up previously from $71.00) on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Monday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $74.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Friday. Pacific Crest cut shares of Wal-Mart Stores to a “hold” rating in a research report on Sunday, April 30th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sell” rating and set a $67.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $76.01. In related news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total transaction of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at approximately $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last 90 days, insiders have sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock worth $1,110,035,611. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tompkins Financial Corp Increases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Arvest Bank Trust Division Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Has $9,394,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by Shelter Mutual Insurance Co Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Has $634,000 Position in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Position Held by Caledonia Investments PLC Vince Holding Corp (VNCE) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Earns In-Line Rating from Evercore ISI Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Under Armour Inc (UAA) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Raised to “Buy” at Pivotal Research Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stock Rating Lowered by First Analysis Vale SA (VALE) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp (TPVG) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) PT Lowered to $96.00 Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri A.S. (TKC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for SLM Corp (SLM) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Twilio (TWLO) Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Osisko gold royalties Ltd (OR) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.06 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Has $9,394,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Shelter Ins Retirement Plan continued to hold its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 130,324 shares of the retailer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Wal-Mart Stores comprises about 4.2% of Shelter Ins Retirement Plan’s holdings, making the stock its 3rd largest position. Shelter Ins Retirement Plan’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $9,394,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Several other institutional investors also recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Integrated Wealth Management boosted its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.0% in the first quarter. Integrated Wealth Management now owns 30,181 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,175,000 after buying an additional 603 shares in the last quarter. Atria Investments LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 23.7% in the first quarter. Atria Investments LLC now owns 13,229 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $954,000 after buying an additional 2,538 shares during the last quarter. Hays Advisory LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 11.7% in the first quarter. Hays Advisory LLC now owns 3,398 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $245,000 after buying an additional 357 shares during the last quarter. Private Bank & Trust Co. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 5.3% in the first quarter. Private Bank & Trust Co. now owns 21,112 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,521,000 after buying an additional 1,060 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Prospera Financial Services Inc raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 19.1% in the first quarter. Prospera Financial Services Inc now owns 28,255 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,035,000 after buying an additional 4,525 shares during the last quarter. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 76.12 on Tuesday. The stock has a market capitalization of $230.87 billion, a PE ratio of 17.38 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a one year low of $62.72 and a one year high of $76.60. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $72.88 and its 200-day moving average is $70.35. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The business had revenue of $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.49 EPS. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.68%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is 43.48%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This story was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international trademark and copyright law. The legal version of this story can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/shelter-ins-retirement-plan-has-9394000-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several equities research analysts recently commented on the stock. Vetr lowered shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $79.40 price objective on the stock. in a research note on Monday. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating and set a $81.00 price objective (up previously from $71.00) on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Monday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reissued a “neutral” rating and set a $74.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday. Pacific Crest lowered shares of Wal-Mart Stores to a “hold” rating in a research note on Sunday, April 30th. Finally, Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sell” rating and set a $67.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $76.01. In related news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at approximately $476,044,833.20. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Tompkins Financial Corp Increases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Arvest Bank Trust Division Cuts Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Shelter Ins Retirement Plan Has $9,394,000 Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Held by Shelter Mutual Insurance Co Town & Country Bank & Trust CO dba First Bankers Trust CO Has $634,000 Position in Amgen, Inc. (AMGN) Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Position Held by Caledonia Investments PLC Vince Holding Corp (VNCE) Cut to Strong Sell at Zacks Investment Research Vornado Realty Trust (VNO) Earns In-Line Rating from Evercore ISI Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Buy” Rating for TreeHouse Foods Inc. (THS) Under Armour Inc (UAA) Rating Increased to Strong-Buy at Vetr Inc. USANA Health Sciences, Inc. (USNA) Raised to “Buy” at Pivotal Research Total System Services, Inc. (TSS) Stock Rating Lowered by First Analysis Vale SA (VALE) Upgraded at Vetr Inc. TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp (TPVG) Cut to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corp (VAC) PT Lowered to $96.00 Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri A.S. (TKC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research Recent Analysts’ Ratings Changes for SLM Corp (SLM) Investment Analysts’ Recent Ratings Updates for Twilio (TWLO) Gibraltar Industries Inc (ROCK) Forecasted to Earn Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.40 Per Share Osisko gold royalties Ltd (OR) to Post Q2 2017 Earnings of $0.06 Per Share, Cormark Forecasts Tompkins Financial Corp Increases Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Tompkins Financial Corp increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 386.6% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 38,506 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 30,593 shares during the period. Tompkins Financial Corp’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $2,637,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. A number of other large investors also recently modified their holdings of WMT. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at approximately $104,000. BKS Advisors LLC bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at approximately $110,000. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares during the last quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Sunbelt Securities Inc. bought a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter valued at approximately $125,000. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 76.12 on Tuesday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $62.72 and a 12 month high of $76.60. The firm has a market cap of $230.87 billion, a PE ratio of 17.38 and a beta of 0.09. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $72.88 and its 200 day moving average is $70.35. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The company’s revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company earned $1.49 EPS. On average, analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.68%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 43.48%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece of content was first reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece of content on another publication, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of United States and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece of content can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/tompkins-financial-corp-increases-stake-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several brokerages recently commented on WMT. Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $83.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Royal Bank of Canada reissued a “sell” rating and issued a $67.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Tuesday, May 2nd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $74.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $86.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc began coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 price target for the company. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have assigned a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $76.01. In related news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total transaction of $320,418,144.94. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $476,044,833.20. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders have sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 72° Full Menu 72° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Jobs May 09, 2017 4:00 AM A little fib to Neiman Marcus helped make Dallas entrepreneur the king of sheets By CHERYL HALL The Dallas Morning News LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story DALLAS – Arun Agarwal owns and runs a half-billion-dollar company called Nextt. You've probably never heard of him or his company, but chances are you're in bed with him. The 45-year-old CEO of Nextt sells sheets and bedding accoutrements to just about every major U.S. retailer and specialty store – from Wal-Mart, Costco, Kohl's and Nordstrom to Neiman Marcus – through private labels and well-known brands. Nextt's bedding is made in Agarwal's homeland of India by Alok International, a publicly held textile giant with a factory complex that spans 600 acres outside of Mumbai. Alok's weaving shed is the world's largest under one roof, taking up 14 acres with 14,000 jet-air looms churning out 1.6 million linear feet of fabric a day, while the adjacent embroidery facility makes 5 billion embroidery stitches daily. Nearly half of Alok's total operation is dedicated to Nextt products that include sheets, pillow covers, quilts, comforters, throw pillows and more recently, towels. So when retailers ask Agarwal whether he has enough capacity to source their orders in a timely fashion, he assures them that he can. Agarwal is a highly energetic entrepreneur who has brought technology and innovation to an industry that isn't known for either. "If I'm going to compete, I'm not going to win as the cheapest," Agarwal says in his tiny office in Dallas' Design District. "At first, it was about being cheapest. So I was always 10 cents away from being fired. There is a difference between cheap and value. I have to have both, and I do." His trading partnership with Alok started with a handshake in 2008. It's become a symbiotic relationship where worldwide sales and marketing are done through Nextt and manufacturing is done through Alok. Michelle Gloeckler, currently chief merchandising officer for Academy Sports, worked with Agarwal when she was senior vice president over the home division of Wal-Mart and traveled to India with him to see the Alok factories six years ago. "Nothing like getting to know somebody and their values as when you travel out of the country together," says Gloeckler, who left Wal-Mart in August. "The things that I saw in the factories, whether it was worker conditions or quality assurance measures, gave me a lot of confidence in the products that Wal-Mart was buying." Coming to the United States wasn't Agarwal's idea. "I had no intention of leaving my job. I was happy," he says. But his girlfriend – now wife, Anu – wanted him to get his master's degree in computer information from a U.S. university, so much so that she sent his application to Southern New Hampshire University for him, and he was accepted. Arun went to the American consulate in Calcutta during a lunch break to get his F-1 student visa but didn't bring along the supporting documents needed. He figured he'd end Anu's nagging with a half-hearted try. "I really wanted the visa officer to reject me so I could tell this girl, 'Hey baby, they rejected me. What can I do? Sorry, too bad,'" he says with a laugh. To his shock, the officer chastised him for being unprepared but issued him a student visa anyway. "I was so dumbfounded," says Agarwal, who became a naturalized citizen in 2002. "So fate. I really feel that the fate took over." Fate came into play again after the couple moved to Dallas for his computer analyst job here. They started a side-gig selling tablecloths, placemats and napkins with Indian block designs at a kiosk in an area mall around Christmas in 1998. A neighborly retailer at the mall suggested that they sell their wares at an upcoming trade show. As newbies, the couple couldn't get into the main show area, so they leased a four-day booth nearby for $1,100. The first three days were a total bust. On the final day, the tabletop buyer from Neiman Marcus showed up and was smitten. Arun asked what kind of store Nieman's was. "That was the level of the knowledge that we had," he says. The buyer wanted to know about their capacity and warehouse. The couple had neither. Arun fibbed, telling her the warehouse was in Fort Worth – which was really a P.O. box – but said that she couldn't see it because of insurance restrictions. Amazingly, the buyer gave the line a major presentation in Neiman's fall program. "I still can't believe that she did it, because she would have lost her job if we hadn't come through," he says. "And we almost didn't. We had lots of ups and downs before we fulfilled the order in those few months." That was the beginning of a lengthy relationship with Neiman Marcus and the launch of Agarwal's home furnishings business that evolved into furniture and accessories. He switched bedding textiles in 2008 with his handshake deal with Alok, at first being a sales rep and then a separate company. Agarwal's initial sales targets were industry giants WestPoint Homes and Fieldcrest, which wouldn't give him the time of day. That turned into a blessing in disguise, he says. "It forced me to go directly to retailers, who were changing from name brands to private brands and were looking for the right manufacturing base." One of his first cold-calls was at Wal-Mart in Bentonville, Ark. Five months later, he had a deal. But landing the world's largest retailer wasn't like finding nirvana. "If you were in Wal-Mart, no one else would touch you," he says. Several retailers who are now big customers turned up their noses, saying they wanted higher quality than Wal-Mart. "That's changing," he says. "Yes, the product is very important, but the supply chain is even more important. You can spec a product up or down, but you can't sell it if you don't have it. And you have to offer transparency so that what you say you're selling is actually just that." Last October, J.C. Penney became the latest in a string of major retailers that couldn't verify whether the sheets it was selling that were distributed by a Nextt competitor were actually 100 percent Egyptian cotton or knockoffs. "That misstep (by Welspun India Ltd.) helped us solidify our relationships with our retail partners," Agarwal says. "Our supply-chain transparency was once again proved to be in place with proper checks and balances." True, says Bill Simon, former president and CEO of Wal-Mart U.S., who got to know Agarwal as an early supporter of Wal-Mart's initiative in 2014 to increase U.S. manufacturing. Agarwal served on Simon's council and tried to set up a yarn spinning operation in South Carolina but got waylaid by a bureaucratic bottleneck. "His company was one that we were able to count on to always deliver as promised," says Simon. "If you put those things together – reliability, consistency and support of your customers' initiatives – it is hard to go wrong. "That is the company that Arun runs." In 2012, cotton prices quadrupled. It's hard to deflect that kind of lightning bolt. Agarwal managed the storm as best he could but thought there had to be a better way to make a quality differentiation other than cotton thread count. Polyester blends had been around for years, but there wasn't a consistent way to measure manmade thread counts – until he came up with one and patented the process and trademarked the fabric with Alpha Cotton in 2015. It's geared toward the aspirational consumer who wants higher quality but at a more affordable price point. "The good news is that with polyester you can add features: wrinkle resistant, anti-microbial, quick drying, low-pilling, softer," he says. "This fabric has become substantial volume in market place." Sheets are a loss-leader on Black Friday, with retailers selling nearly $1 billion worth last year, Agarwal says. A substantial portion of that was sold at Wal-Mart in just three hours. "It's become a significant day for us," he says. It's also become a thread-count battleground. Earlier this year, Nextt announced that the U.S. International Trade Commission's Customs and Border Protection will help police false labeling practices from sheet importers, as well as enforce Nextt's patents – particularly during Black Friday promotions. So what else is on Agarwal's mind? Window treatments, a return to tabletop goods and undergarments to name a few. He has visions of becoming a billion-dollar company by 2020 through organic growth, sooner if he makes acquisitions. Rick Platt, founder and president of Brand Matter LLC, helped add Ellen Tracy and Caribbean Joe to Nextt's portfolio of brands. Platt says he looks at several criteria in choosing a licensing partner: a strong understanding of the business, distribution into the right stores, and enough money to invest and help build the brand. Agarwal met all of those, plus one more, Platt says. "You want to do business with people you like and people that you get along with, see eye-to-eye on. That's a big thing in Arun's favor." Arun Agarwal Title: CEO Nextt Age: 45 Born and raised: India Naturalized U.S. Citizen: 2002 Resides: Dallas Education: Bachelor of science, Maharajas College in Jaipur, India; MBA, the Institute of Management Technology at Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, India; and master of science in computer information systems, Southern New Hampshire University. Advanced certificate in/studied international business at Harvard University. Personal: Married to Anu for 19 years. They have a 15-year-old daughter, Anya. Next Creations Holdings LLC d.b.a. Nextt Founded: 2008 Headquarters: Dallas Design studio and showroom: Madison Avenue, N.Y. Ownership: Privately held with Arun Agarwal majority stockholder Annual revenue: $500 million Customers: Major U. S. retailers including Dillard's, J.C. Penney, Belk, Wal-Mart and Kohl's. Also sells name brands, such as Raymond Waites, Beautyrest, Ellen Tracy, Jessica McClintock and Royal Sateen. Products made by: Publicly traded Alok Industries, India's largest integrated textile company with revenues exceeding $3.5 billion and facilities spanning more than 600 acres outside of Mumbai. SOURCE: Arun Agarwal LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago Shark is released at Myrtle Beach State Park 0:11 4 hours ago Shark is released at Myrtle Beach State Park 0:11 4 hours ago Shark reeled in at Myrtle Beach State Park 1:35 5 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.10 View More Video Jobs CEO: Power through racism, don't let anyone deny your dream Rex Huppke: Nothing worse at work than a man convinced he's right Liz Reyer: To focus your thinking, train like an athlete Your Office Coach: New office manager needs backing from the bosses Diane Stafford: Critics say law would steal overtime pay from workers Jobs Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Weekly News Quiz Headlines Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Work for Us KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 59° F Clear Hi: 75° F Lo: 50° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Weekly News Quiz Headlines Featured: Where We Live Latest Headlines Descendants of syphilis study subjects emerging from shadows Updated: 6 mins ago TUSKEGEE, Ala. (AP) — One of the most infamous episodes in U.S. medical history is still affecting descendants of the men who were involved.… City considers storing anti-overdose drug in public boxes Updated: 6 mins ago CAMBRIDGE, Mass. (AP) — A Massachusetts city is considering a proposal to create publicly accessible boxes containing Narcan, the medication… Syrian Kurdish official praises US decision to provide arms Updated: 16 mins ago Iraqi boys recount horrors of captivity, training by IS Updated: 6 mins ago Myanmar police fire warning shots after religious tension Updated: 26 mins ago Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 59° F Clear Feels Like: 59° F Wind: N 9 Humidity: 55% Dewpoint: 43° F Sunrise: 5:46 AM Sunset: 8:28 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Work for Us KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 59° F Clear Hi: 75° F Lo: 50° F Good Samaritan’s warning helps deputy thwart attack Suspect Justin Godsy, 27, taken to hospital for mental health evaluation KOIN 6 News Staff Published: May 8, 2017, 9:31 pm Updated: May 8, 2017, 9:45 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Justin Godsy, 24, in a February 2017 mugshot. (MCSO) HAPPY VALLEY, Ore. (KOIN) — A sheriff’s deputy who responded to reports of a theft in a Walmart parking lot Monday evening said he was prepared when the suspect attacked him thanks to a Good Samaritan’s warning. Reports of the theft outside the Walmart on SE 82nd Avenue came in around 6:45 p.m., Clackamas County Sheriff’s Office said. People in the parking lot reportedly confronted the suspect, 24-year-old Justin Godsy, who allegedly stole items out of a car. Deputies said a “disturbance was brewing” which resulted in Godsy being knocked to the ground. A Good Samaritan told the first deputy to arrive on the scene that Godsy had boasted about “getting the police to shoot him” by attacking a deputy. Shortly after, the sheriff’s office said Godsy jumped up and aggressively charged at the deputy. Thanks to the Good Samaritan’s warning, the deputy used his Taser to stop Godsy from attacking him. Other officers arrived and helped take him into custody. Investigators later learned Godsy’s family reported him as being suicidal and potentially homicidal earlier in the day. Deputies then decided to place him on a peace officer’s hold and sent him to a local hospital for a mental health evaluation. Godsy is expected to be charged with unlawful entry into a motor vehicle, disorderly conduct and attempted assault on a public safety officer. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Theater attack victim felt humiliated by police Double down: Huge crowds jam ilani Casino Resort 1 suspect nabbed, 1 sought in 2 Salem robberies Possible DUI driver hits 3 cars in school parking lot Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Today's Forecast Sunny & Warm Wednesday Updated: 31 mins ago Cool showers return Thursday Trending Stories on KOIN.com More Crime Stories Officer hurt chasing armed suspects in SE Portland 10:04 pm A Portland police officer was injured during a foot chase of armed suspects believed to be in a gang in Southeast Portland Tuesday night. Teen in Gresham hit-run has long path to recovery 9:28 pm Aleyda Perez was hit and badly injured by a driver in Gresham arond 10:45 p.m. on April 28. She was in a marked crosswalk at 199th and SE St… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 1998-2017 KOIN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Business News The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears Iconic US retailer's days are numbered 9 May 2017 at 09:00 3,633 viewed1 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: KIM BHASINLANCE LAMBERT - + New York: In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world's tallest building -- one bearing the company's name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. In this photo taken on March 25, 2017, shoppers enter the Sears department store in Schaumburg, Illinois. AP Despite its union with Kmart -- the second-largest retailer from that era -- and a stated belief that it can still turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged "substantial doubt" about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the US retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. "The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented,'' said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling stuff. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. "The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall," said Portell. It has been a slow, painful fall for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalogue business -- the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including of course the Blue Light Special. In 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion, compared with powerhouse discounter Wal-Mart Stores Inc's haul of $111.9 billion. All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they've gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart's sales grew almost four-fold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart's biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his firm, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, which at the time was the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart have been slowly dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Inc for about $900 million. "He did nothing to maintain the stores -- nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping," said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of The Robin Report. "You've got young people today that don't even recognise Sears as a place where they would go. I think people will just forget about it." Once, Sears was the disruptor -- not the disrupted. When the Sears catalogue first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. "The Sears catalogue had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today," said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of The Rise and Fall of American Growth. Like today's e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalogue provided shoppers more choice than ever before, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. "The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available," said Gordon. Searching for parallels of Sears's fall through business history, Gordon could find none. "There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart." Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears's financial plans and forecast "do not reflect the continuation of that performance." "Sears is focused on improving and has made decisive actions in recent months,'' he said. "As shopping behaviours have changed -- our focus is on how we can make shopping easier," said Riefs. "We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It's a combination of store and online and mobile. It's not just one thing anymore." Bloomberg RECOMMENDED STORIES NBTC call for agency on cybersecurity Gold prices fell B50 to B20,150 Standardised QR code imminent B50bn fund for low income approved Asia Aviation hit by Q1 turbulence Chakkrit out as top man at Treasury Honda tantalised by EV promotional privileges Indonesia tries to lure Thais with twin campaigns New entrants flood mineral water market Most Viewed 20,984 Italian Thai hit with criminal suit 19,005 Facebook to block local content 17,659 Elite card bounces back to life 17,518 Ministry denies blocking attempt in ... 17,183 New Suvarnabhumi first-class lounge ... Recent BUSINESS Articles Tokyo property continues to offer safe-haven appeal App lets visitors dodge immigration queues Product price changes to be reported Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 3 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 13:03 Amlo to seize land bought with Klongchan money 12:43 Moon Jae In sworn in as S. Korea's new president 12:28 Vietnam puts pork on menus as farmers face glut, low prices 11:26 Tokyo property continues to offer safe-haven appeal 11:09 App lets visitors dodge immigration queues 11:00 Thai-Belgium Bridge ready to reopen 10:39 Product price changes to be reported 10:26 NBTC call for agency on cybersecurity 1 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears Mon., May 8, 2017, 6:10 p.m. By Kim Bhasin and Lance Lambert Bloomberg Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS People leave a Sears store in Brooklyn’s Flatbush neighborhood in New York. Once a monolith of American retail, the company says there is “substantial doubt” it will be able to keep its doors open. (Bebeto Matthews / Associated Press) In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co. ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world’s tallest building – one bearing the company’s name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. Despite its union with Kmart– the second-largest retailer from that era – and a stated belief that it can still turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged “substantial doubt” about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the U.S. retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented, said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. “The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall,” said Portell. It has been a slow, painful fall for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalog business – the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including of course the Blue Light Special. In 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion, compared with powerhouse discounter Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s haul of $111.9 billion. All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they’ve gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart’s sales grew almost fourfold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart’s biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his firm, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, then the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart have been slowly dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Inc. for about $900 million. “He did nothing to maintain the stores – nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping,” said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of the Robin Report. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go. I think people will just forget about it.” Once, Sears was the disruptor-not the disrupted. When the Sears catalog first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. “The Sears catalog had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today,” said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of “The Rise and Fall of American Growth.” Like today’s e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalog provided shoppers more choice than ever, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. “The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available,” said Gordon. Searching for parallels of Sears’ fall through business history, Gordon could find none. “There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart,” he said. Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears’ financial plans and forecast “do not reflect the continuation of that performance.” Sears is focused on improving and has made “decisive actions” in recent months, he said. “Despite the risks outlined, we are confident in our financial position and remain focused on executing our transformation plan.” The focus of that plan is “how we can make shopping easier,” said Riefs. “We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It’s a combination of store and online and mobile. It’s not just one thing anymore.” Published: May 8, 2017, 6:10 p.m.  Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Hanford officials working on fix for hole in tunnel storing radioactive equipment … Big child webcam sex bust reveals rising abuse … Hanford warned in 2015 study that contaminated rail car tunnels at risk of collapse … Neighbors decry vulgar signs at ‘bikini barista’ stand in Spokane’s Hillyard neighborhood … Bonsai Bistro closes … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription How to Trick People Into Saving Money Inside Walmart’s curious, possibly ingenious effort to get customers to build up their savings accounts Justin Fantl Most Popular This Is Not a Drill David Frum May 9, 2017 Trump Fires FBI Director James Comey Matt Ford May 9, 2017 'An Act of Presidential Imperialism' Adrienne LaFrance May 9, 2017 'All the Men Here Are Either on Drugs or Unemployed' Alana Semuels May 9, 2017 It Was Cultural Anxiety That Drove White, Working-Class Voters to Trump Emma Green May 9, 2017 Rob Walker May 2017 Issue Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Late last summer, Dawn Paquin started keeping her money on a prepaid debit card from Walmart instead of in a traditional checking account. The wages from her factory job—she works from 9 p.m. to 5 a.m., inspecting blades on industrial bread-slicing machines—now go directly onto the Visa-branded card, which she can use like a regular debit card, though unlike most debit cards, it is not linked to a checking or savings account. She made the switch after a $4 check she wrote to buy coffee for herself and a friend tipped her checking account below the required minimum and triggered $100 in overdraft fees. This was before she got the factory gig, and she wasn’t working full-time. Paquin lives in Salem, Illinois, where, she told me recently, if you don’t have a college degree, your job choices are “fast food or factory.” Money was extremely tight. “I kind of had a bit of resentment about banks after that,” she said dryly. Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. The card is more convenient, Paquin said, and she doesn’t have to worry about monthly statements; she tracks her money, and pays all her bills, with the card’s associated phone app. But even with the job, money remains tight. Paquin is divorced, with two sons, and shares a car with her boyfriend. The Money Report How Online Shopping Makes Suckers of Us All Frank and Steven’s Excellent Corporate-Raiding Adventure Like many Americans, Paquin thinks about the importance of saving more often than she actually saves. In a 2015 Federal Reserve Board survey, 46 percent of respondents reported that they would have trouble coming up with $400 in an emergency; living paycheck to paycheck is now a commonplace middle-class experience. So while Paquin noticed that her Walmart MoneyCard app asked her from time to time whether she wanted to “stash” some money, she didn’t bother to figure out what that actually meant, let alone respond. Then, late last year, she got an email saying that a “prize savings” feature had been added to her card. If she kept some of her balance in a virtual “vault,” meaning that it would not show up in her available funds, she would be eligible to win a cash prize in a monthly drawing—up to $1,000. Every dollar in the MoneyCard Vault would equal an entry in that month’s drawing. This caught her interest. A prize would go a long way toward her being able to buy a car. It also made her focus on what all those “stash” requests were about. “Oh, cool, this can work as a savings account, too,” she remembers realizing. So when she got paid, she started setting aside “10 bucks, 20 bucks, whatever I could.” Americans spent $70 billion on lottery tickets in 2014—an average of about 300 per adult. That’s more or less the goal of the Walmart MoneyCard Vault: to encourage the unexciting habit of saving, especially among the considerable number of low- and middle-income Americans who don’t use traditional bank accounts. The program was launched to a limited number of MoneyCard holders in August, offering 500 prizes a month—one for $1,000, the rest $25 each. In December, the company reported that the number of Vault users had grown more than 130 percent, to more than 100,000, and that the average savings had grown from $413 to $572, a 38 percent increase. By itself, of course, this does not solve the savings challenge so many Americans struggle with. But it’s remarkable for a couple of reasons. One is its clever appeal to human tendencies recognized in behavioral-economics research but seldom harnessed to socially desirable goals. Another is that it is squarely aimed at the 67 million Americans inartfully described as “unbanked or underbanked”—a massive group that financial innovators have long ignored, even though that group, more than any other part of the population, could use some financial innovation. Americans’ difficulty saving, Daniel Eckert told me recently, is a textbook example of how brains wired to reckon with short-term threats and opportunities struggle to think about long-term consequences—and struggle even harder to take current action to stave off future disaster. Eckert, who oversees Walmart’s financial-services businesses, became interested in behavioral economics while earning his M.B.A. at the University of Chicago in the early 2000s. Take a walk through a retail store—a Walmart, let’s say. You’ll pass heaps of products in every category, big signs advertising prices that seem too good to pass up, TV screens touting bargains galore. I shop at Walmart frequently, and somewhere in the long walk from the dog-biscuit aisle to the yogurt case I am at the very least tempted to buy something I didn’t know I needed when I arrived. Behavioral economics has been creeping into policy making for years; Barack Obama’s administration even created a team devoted to applying its lessons in the real world. The field also informs new start-ups, such as the maker of an app called Digit, backed by Google’s venture-capital arm, which analyzes your spending patterns and, based on the results, diverts a few dollars into a separate account on a regular basis. Digit used research from Common Cents Lab, co-founded by Dan Ariely, a Duke University behavioral-economics professor, to design a feature encouraging users to pre-commit to saving a percentage of their tax refund. Common Cents has also worked with an app maker that helps food-stamp recipients budget more efficiently. Richard Thaler, an economist at the University of Chicago and one of the field’s pioneers, told The Wall Street Journal in 2015 that saving for retirement is “a prototypical behavioral-economics problem” because it is “cognitively hard—figuring out how much to save—and requires self-control.” One solution is defined-contribution retirement plans, which set money aside automatically; a 401(k) is the most common form. Employees may choose to opt out, but they opt in by default—meaning the passive response is actually the better response. Some plans are even built to gradually escalate, again by default, the amount employees set aside for retirement savings. Admittedly, that’s not how all 401(k)s work—most automatic-saving plans still require some active decision making about, say, how much you contribute. Still, default plans like these are “probably behavioral economists’ greatest success story,” Thaler said. A shot at $25 right now captures attention in a way that interest earned over years does not. But that doesn’t mean much to Dawn Paquin, whose factory gig is through a temp agency and doesn’t offer a retirement plan, or to millions of other Americans like her. And it does nothing to encourage shorter-term savings, the kind that can cushion unexpected economic blows. The notion of helping this vulnerable group by way of cash-prize enticements draws on a different strand of research entirely. Americans spent $70 billion on lottery tickets in 2014—an average of about $300 per adult. Poorer Americans spend a bigger chunk of their income on the lottery than richer ones; a 1999 study of state lotteries by researchers at Duke reported that nearly half of all households with incomes below $25,000 at least dabbled in the lottery. This despite the fact that lotto players lose about 47 cents of each dollar they spend on tickets. Why do they do it? The knee-jerk assumption is that the answer boils down to ignorance. But in a 2008 article in the Journal of Behavioral Decision Making, researchers at Carnegie Mellon University argued that the lottery is “alluring for poor people” because it offers a shot at an otherwise unavailable dramatic economic gain. The lottery can seem to be the only way out. So people keep playing. The idea of redirecting these actions on a mass scale through a prepaid-card feature, rather than trying to suppress them, is still relatively novel, at least in the United States. It didn’t come from Walmart, or from a big bank, or from a Silicon Valley start-up. It came from a meeting organized by an earnest nonprofit. Commonwealth was founded in Boston in 2001 with the goal of addressing America’s “pervasive financial insecurity.” Timothy Flacke, a co-founder and the executive director, describes it as a financial-innovation incubator to benefit vulnerable people. A few years ago, another co-founder, Peter Tufano, now the dean of the business school at Oxford, got interested in the United Kingdom’s Premium Bonds, which were introduced in the 1950s. Buying these bonds enters holders into a lotterylike system with regular prizes of up to 1 million pounds, paid for out of the pooled interest on the bonds. They’re popular. So are similar programs in Latin America, South Africa, New Zealand, and elsewhere. Commonwealth wanted to try this approach in the United States. But Flacke says that aside from the unknown appeal to Americans of a prize-linked program, there were questions at the time about whether such a program would be legal. Most states had carved out exceptions for government-run lotteries and for charities, but private lotteries were largely forbidden. Still, cursory research involving one of Flacke’s colleagues’ “standing in a Walmart in rural Indiana” and quizzing customers suggested consumer interest. Eventually Commonwealth figured out that the laws in Michigan would allow it to test a program there like the ones in the U.K. and other countries. Justin Fantl Commonwealth and its partners designed a plan called Save to Win, which offered monthly cash prizes through the Michigan Credit Union League. The plan included a single big prize and a bevy of smaller ones—a jackpot and something more like the experience, Flacke says, of playing scratch tickets: a large number of small prizes, awarded more frequently and paid out quickly. Offering a large number of frequent payouts played to “hyperbolic discounting,” the tendency to value short-term possibilities disproportionately higher than long-term gains. A shot at $25 right now captures attention in a way that the promise of $100 earned through a few points of interest over a period of years does not. Throw in the slimmer possibility of a much bigger immediate payoff, and people really get interested. Also, fantasizing about what to do with extra money is something low-income Americans “don’t get a lot of space in their lives to do,” Flacke says. “That’s what powers the lottery industry.” He adds that there is a sort of “contagion of winners”—when a customer at a credit-union branch collected a $25 prize for saving money, everybody else waiting in line was interested, and many wanted to get in on the action. After a year, 11,600 members of eight credit unions, half of whom said they had not previously been regular savers, had deposited $8.5 million in new accounts, averaging about $730 each. The CEO of one participating credit union observed at the time that Save to Win was far more effective in getting people to save than previous incentives, including a CD at an eye-popping 10 percent interest rate. Commonwealth began working with lawmakers to allow the practice in other states, and pushing for federal legislation to allow it throughout the country. To date, it says, its efforts have helped inspire more than 80,000 people to save more than $170 million. Nevertheless, the approach remained piecemeal. So in 2014, Commonwealth and the similarly minded Center for Financial Services Innovation co-hosted a conference with the Boston Federal Reserve, inviting a variety of players in the growing business of prepaid debit cards to talk about ideas for increasing savings. The prepaid-card industry is not known for its beneficence. The cards don’t offer interest. Users pay fees to get the card itself, to load money onto it, and to withdraw funds at an ATM; some cards charge a monthly fee unless the balance rises above a certain level. Regulators recently ordered one of the early, high-profile brands, RushCard, and its payment processor, MasterCard, to pay $13 million in fines and restitution stemming from a huge technical error in 2015 that denied thousands of users access to their own money. Walmart’s MoneyCard experienced a similar, if less severe, incident last year. Even so, as the smartphone revolution has made such cards vastly more convenient, they have become an increasingly popular alternative to traditional banking. Americans stored an estimated $100 billion on reloadable cards in 2016, up from less than $1 billion in 2003. A Pew Charitable Trusts study estimates that more than a quarter of prepaid-card users don’t have a bank account. The Boston conference included a workshop on prize-linked savings. Flacke, who ran the workshop, says that he told the group, “Look, guys, you have a really important platform that serves a lot of financially vulnerable consumers, but most of it is not being used to help people get anywhere. It’s all transaction-focused. You should be thinking about savings.” Eckert, the Walmart executive, told me that when he heard Flacke’s prize-based-savings presentation at that event, he thought: We could do that. It took more than a year to sort out the details. By using a sweepstakes model, Walmart was in a position to work around lottery restrictions: Although the federal legislation Commonwealth had backed to encourage and ease prize-saving lottery experiments did pass, waiting for all 50 states to enact specific changes would have slowed things down. And Walmart could roll out the idea on a scale few businesses could match: 90 percent of Americans live within 15 miles of a Walmart. Loretta Taylor, who lives in the southern-Illinois town of Mount Vernon, started using a Walmart MoneyCard when her local bank branch closed late last year, forcing her to drive 45 minutes to make a deposit. A registered nurse, she has lately been working as an in-home caregiver, and sometimes gets paid in cash, which she can put onto the card (for a $3 fee) at a nearby Walmart. “I’m not making much money right now,” she told me recently. But in early January she decided to put $23 in the card’s Vault—and won a $25 prize. Taylor has kept her traditional bank account, and she sounds slightly skeptical of Walmart’s motives. Still, she has continued to use the Vault; she had saved $75 when we talked in early February, including the $25 prize. For people like Taylor, using a prepaid debit card may reflect a lack of better choices more than anything else: The prepaid-card industry is serving a market that conventional banks don’t serve well or in some cases at all. Walmart’s MoneyCard is a product of Green Dot Corporation, one of the giants of the prepaid-card industry. When CEO Steven Streit started the company in 1999, he called it i-Gen, and envisioned his market as tech-savvy youths. “The packaging was all about kids; the marketing was all about cool teenagers surfing the web,” he told me recently. He landed a deal to sell the cards through Rite Aid. Young people didn’t buy them. Low-income adults did. The company started asking the people who called its service center why they were using the product, and the answer was usually that they didn’t have bank accounts. “That’s when I realized,” Streit says, “Wow, we’ve got the right product, but the wrong demographic.” The packaging was redesigned, and the renamed Green Dot started making new deals—including one with Walmart to create the MoneyCard, which debuted in 2007. Check-cashing outfits, payday lenders, and similar businesses are often thought of as merely preying on poor people, who, the conventional wisdom goes, tend to make bad financial decisions. Lisa Servon, a University of Pennsylvania professor of city and regional planning, offers a different angle in her recent book, The Unbanking of America: How the New Middle Class Survives. During Servon’s research working as a teller at a check casher and payday lender, consumers told her that the fee structures of nonbank alternatives were more transparent and predictable than those at conventional banks—crucial to anyone living on a budget. Prepaid cards offer this predictability, and over time their reputation for transparency has improved. (Last year, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced new rules that later this year will require card issuers to package their products with a standardized fee-disclosure form; some congressional Republicans are now pushing legislation that might block this change.) Servon notes that online information sources such as NerdWallet.com offer detailed prepaid-card assessments and discussion forums to help consumers choose a card. But it’s unclear how many low-income Americans know about or have time to examine these sources. “A lot of it is kind of word of mouth and personal experience,” Servon told me. Walmart has an incentive to become the place people think about when they think of their financial future. That has remained true even as prepaid cards have taken off. I asked Green Dot’s Streit whether he worried that the big banks would recognize and pursue his growing customer base. His answer was: Not really. “The challenge with poor people is that they’re poor,” he said. “To really make big money off a customer, a bank needs them to be underwritable for mortgages, new automobiles, home-improvement loans, margin loans on stock, management fees.” For conventional financial-services companies, he said, it makes more sense to pursue a small number of high-income customers than, well, everyone else. Six years ago, Green Dot obtained a bank charter, giving it even more options for offering financial services. In 2013 it launched an alternative checking service called GoBank (later made available through Walmart) that included a vault feature, so users could designate some of their funds as savings. This feature migrated to the MoneyCard, but plenty of users, including Dawn Paquin, ignored it until it incorporated the sweepstakes feature. Walmart is, of course, a cathedral of consumption, and has been relentlessly criticized for the way it pays and treats its workforce. The new savings card could be seen as so much image-burnishing. Still, a retail business by definition tempts you to spend, not to withhold available funds. I asked Eckert, the head of Walmart’s financial-services businesses, directly: What’s in it for Walmart to help people save? From Our May 2017 Issue Try 2 FREE issues of The Atlantic Subscribe “People always look for that angle,” he replied with a weary chuckle. His answer skewed mostly toward social responsibility: What’s good for Walmart customers is good for America, and Walmart has a unique reach and a direct relationship with consumers who really want or need help making ends meet. “There was no other commercial motive,” he said flatly. Every big business’s reflex is to say it wants to do good for its customers. On a practical level, Walmart sells the card for $1, and Green Dot charges the usual associated fees: $5 a month if your balance is less than $1,000; $2.50 for ATM withdrawals; etc. That can add up fast for a low-income card user who is struggling to save. Neither Walmart nor Green Dot would get into how much money they actually make on the card, or the costs associated with the prize-savings program. But for Walmart, at least, the bigger gain is probably not immediately tangible. Walmart has dabbled in financial services for years, flirting with obtaining an actual banking license, but has so far worked with partners instead, including Green Dot, Jackson Hewitt Tax Service, MoneyGram, and American Express. All of these help make its stores de facto locations for a host of money-related services that its customers may need. When Eckert says that Walmart has a real incentive to help its customers save, it is another way of saying that Walmart has a real incentive to become the place customers think of when they think of their financial future. Lots of Walmart customers are underserved by banks and other financial institutions, Eckert says; the company’s experiments with finance-related products and services help customers “not only save money but also have access to a financial ecosystem they were crowded out from.” That access keeps them loyal to Walmart, and keeps them coming back to its stores. If they buy more dog biscuits or yogurt or whatever else they need or want while they’re there—well, that’s business. Flacke, of Commonwealth, sees one of the world’s biggest brands working with a big player in the burgeoning prepaid-card industry on something that might really help low-income Americans save. And he hopes others copy the idea. In late January, Dawn Paquin got a call from someone at Green Dot informing her that she had won $1,000. She suspected some sort of scam, but a few days later the money appeared in her MoneyCard Vault. She gave her two sons $50 each, took them and her boyfriend to dinner, and bought a much-needed new pair of Skechers. She left the rest in her Vault, which now contains a bit more than $800—more than she’s had saved for a while. She still has an eye on a car, but she’s waiting to see whether, as she hopes, her factory job becomes permanent. “I like,” she says, “to have money put away.” Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Church Militant: A Right-Wing Media Empire in the Making A Catholic news outlet is fighting to save Americans from sin, while its founder grapples with his own complicated past. Daniel Lombroso May 9, 2017 About the Author Rob Walker writes the Workologist column for The New York Times’ Sunday Business section. He is a co-editor of the anthology Significant Objects: 100 Extraordinary Stories About Ordinary Things. Most Popular Presented by Susan Walsh / AP This Is Not a Drill David Frum The firing of FBI director James Comey poses a question: Will the law answer to the president, or the president to the law? Who can sincerely believe that President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey for any reason other than to thwart an investigation of serious crimes? Which crimes—and how serious—we can only guess. The suggestion that Comey was fired to punish him for overzealously mishandling the Clinton email investigation appears laughable: Just this morning, Trump’s social media director Dan Scavino gleefully proposed to release video of Hillary Clinton’s concession call in order to hurt and humiliate her—and top Trump aide Kellyanne Conway laughed along with him. No, this appears to be an attack on the integrity—not just of law enforcement—but of our defense against a foreign cyberattack on the processes of American democracy. The FBI was investigating the Trump campaign’s collusion with Russian espionage. Trump’s firing of Comey is an apparent attempt to shut that investigation down. Continue Reading Kevin Lamarque / Reuters Trump Fires FBI Director James Comey Matt Ford A White House statement said he acted on the recommendation of the deputy attorney general and the attorney general. President Trump fired FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday, a shocking dismissal that removes the top federal law-enforcement official overseeing the investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 presidential election. In a statement announcing the removal, the White House said Trump had “acted based on the clear recommendations of both Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Attorney General Jeff Sessions.” “The FBI is one of our nation’s most cherished and respected institutions and today will mark a new beginning for our crown jewel of law enforcement,” Trump said in the statement. The firing comes less than a month after Comey told a congressional committee that the FBI is investigating whether the Trump campaign coordinated with Russian intelligence services to damage Hillary Clinton’s campaign during the 2016 presidential election. Trump and his associates have repeatedly denied any coordination or wrongdoing. Continue Reading Carlos Barria / Reuters 'An Act of Presidential Imperialism' Adrienne LaFrance Historians of the United States call the FBI director’s firing an extraordinary moment—but not entirely unprecedented. President Donald Trump’s extraordinary decision to fire the FBI director James Comey is a stunning moment in American politics, one that has historians reaching back decades for any parallels. Comey’s termination, which the president says was a recommendation from the Justice Department, comes as the FBI continues to investigate allegations that people involved in Trump’s presidential campaign had undisclosed ties to Russia. Comey was supervising that investigation. “This is bad,” said Julian Zelizer, a history professor at Princeton. “There’s no way to see it other than: this is a high point of tension and it is in some ways an act of presidential imperialism against the point man in this investigation.” Continue Reading Jason Cohn / Reuters 'All the Men Here Are Either on Drugs or Unemployed' Alana Semuels The disappearance of manufacturing and the rise of opioid abuse has hit men in the Rust Belt hard. That’s meant women are left to pick up the pieces. CHILLICOTHE, Ohio—Heroin robbed Tracey Kemper-Hermann of her husband, and sometimes she misses him most when she’s trying to start her lawnmower. Her husband, Jason, had his own special trick to getting the finicky machine running, and since his death in 2014, the responsibility of cutting the grass has fallen to Kemper-Hermann. She’s accumulated other tasks too, like a sherpa adding more and more weight until her back might break. It’s not just figuring out how to support a family on one income. She has to change the flat tire on her daughter’s 2004 Dodge Neon, and navigate the difficulties of parenting, like deciding what to say when her daughter, now 17, comes downstairs wearing shorts that are just too short. “She’s a super good kid, but if she doesn’t come home when she’s supposed to, I think to him, ‘Why did you leave me alone with a teenager?’” Continue Reading Evan Vucci / AP It Was Cultural Anxiety That Drove White, Working-Class Voters to Trump Emma Green A new study finds that fear of societal change, not economic pressure, motivated votes for the president among non-salaried workers without college degrees. White Americans carried Donald Trump to the White House. He won college-educated white voters by a four-point margin over Hillary Clinton, according to exit polls. But his real victory was among members of the white working class: Twice as many of these voters cast their ballots for the president as for Clinton. In the wake of Trump’s surprise win, some journalists, scholars, and political strategists argued that economic anxiety drove these Americans to Trump. But new analysis of post-election survey data conducted by the Public Religion Research Institute and The Atlantic found something different: Evidence suggests financially troubled voters in the white working class were more likely to prefer Clinton over Trump. Besides partisan affiliation, it was cultural anxiety—feeling like a stranger in America, supporting the deportation of immigrants, and hesitating about educational investment—that best predicted support for Trump. Continue Reading Kevin Lamarque / Reuters The Convenient Dismissal of James Comey David A. Graham President Trump fired his FBI director for his handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails, removing an official who had become a thorn in his side. FBI Director James Comey’s abrupt firing on Tuesday, executed by President Donald Trump at the recommendation of Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein, is the latest stunning turn in a tumultuous season of American politics. It is also a deeply ironic moment: Trump fired Comey for mishandling an investigation into Hillary Clinton’s emails. But while Trump claimed that Comey was too easy on Clinton, Rosenstein recommended firing Comey for improperly denigrating Clinton. And the firing allows Trump to replace an FBI director whom he never seemed to like, and who was overseeing an investigation that could be deeply damaging to the president, with one of his own choosing. Continue Reading Jeffrey Smith How to Build an Autocracy David Frum The preconditions are present in the U.S. today. Here’s the playbook Donald Trump could use to set the country down a path toward illiberalism. 点击这里阅读中文版本 It’s 2021, and President Donald Trump will shortly be sworn in for his second term. The 45th president has visibly aged over the past four years. He rests heavily on his daughter Ivanka’s arm during his infrequent public appearances. Fortunately for him, he did not need to campaign hard for reelection. His has been a popular presidency: Big tax cuts, big spending, and big deficits have worked their familiar expansive magic. Wages have grown strongly in the Trump years, especially for men without a college degree, even if rising inflation is beginning to bite into the gains. The president’s supporters credit his restrictive immigration policies and his TrumpWorks infrastructure program. Continue Reading Mauricio Lima / Getty Why Americans Smile So Much Olga Khazan How immigration and cultural values affect what people do with their faces On Reddit forums that ask “What’s a dead giveaway that someone is American?” one trait comes up over and over again: big, toothy grins. Here’s how one Reddit user in Finland put it: When a stranger on the street smiles at you: a. you assume he is drunk b. he is insane c. he’s an American Last year, I wrote about why some countries seem to smile less than average—and mistrust those who do seem unusually peppy. A country’s level of instability, that study found, might be why people who seem happy for no reason in, say, Russia, are considered foolish. But there’s an interesting line of research that helps explain outliers on the other end of the spectrum, too: Americans and their stereotypically mega-watt smiles. Continue Reading Reuters What Is America's Secret Space Shuttle For? Marina Koren It’s not clear what the U.S. Air Force’s X-37B is supposed to do—or if it’s worth its hefty price tag. Top-secret military spaceplanes certainly know how to make an entrance. The U.S. military’s X-37B, an uncrewed spacecraft that looks like a miniature version of the retired space shuttles, returned to Earth over the weekend after spending nearly two years in low-Earth orbit. It sent shockwaves rippling through the air as it entered the atmosphere over Florida, producing a sonic boom loud enough to jolt people awake across the state. The Air Force, which operates the X-37B, tweeted about its return minutes later, and soon posted a flurry of images and videos of the spaceplane online. “Our team has been preparing for this event for several years, and I am extremely proud to see our hard work and dedication culminate in today’s safe and successful landing of the X-37B,” said Brigadier General Wayne Monteith, the commander of the Air Force’s Space Wing. Continue Reading Justin Mezzell The Tricks People Use to Avoid Debate Hanna Rosin In the art of evading meaningful policy discussions, all political camps have honed their particular styles. A proper argument takes intellectual vigor, nimbleness, and sustained attention. If carried on long enough, it can push both parties to a deeper level of understanding. Oxford debaters hack away at each other for something like two hours. Socrates could sometimes go on for weeks. But who has that kind of time anymore? Better to just shut things down quickly, using one of a new array of trump cards. Want to avoid a debate? Just tell your opponent to check his privilege. Or tell him he’s slut-shaming or victim-blaming, or racist, or sexist, or homophobic, or transphobic, or Islamophobic, or cisphobic, or some other creative term conveying that you are simply too outraged by the argument to actually engage it. Or, on the other side of the coin, accuse him of being the PC thought police and then snap your laptop smugly. Continue Reading How the Obamacare Repeal Could Cost Republicans the House Daniel Lombroso and David Frum David Frum argues most Americans have accepted the principle of universal coverage. Watch Video Cameron County Sheriff The Cartel Murder That Exposed a Rogue U.S. Border Patrol Agent Jeremy Raff A headless body, a gold-plated pistol, and the specter of corruption in the country's largest police force Watch Video 'I've Done Horrible Things for Dope' Katherine Wells A haunting documentary about a West Virginia town plagued by painkiller addiction Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 33-51 We set you thinking Wednesday 10 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business China opening up its bond markets, but currency seen as major barrier 1494397621 World South Korean business groups say will work with new president on job creation 1494397526 World New South Korea president vows to address North Korea, broader tensions 'urgently' 1494396222 World Supporters rally for Jakarta’s jailed Christian governor 1494394860 World US warns of kidnapping threat on Philippine tourist island 1494396116 Business ChemChina gets around 82 percent of Syngenta in $43 billion deal 1494395128 World South Korea's Moon names inter-Korean talks veteran as spy chief 1494394853 Business Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' 1494394562 World Merkel's conservatives could govern with Greens, FDP-German poll 1494393873 Business Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking 1494394008 Voices Make some tweaks to tackle unemployment 1494393410 Business Detroit revival spurs JPMorgan to make fresh $50 million pledge 1494389901 World China says Taiwan health not at risk by absence from U.N. meeting 1494389451 World Echoes of Watergate in Donald Trump's firing of FBI chief James Comey 1494386100 Business Glass Lewis says BlackRock CEO's pay, performance misaligned 1494387471 World China's Xi congratulates new South Korean president 1494387188 Singapore Tighter controls over entertainment spots to clamp down on illicit activities 1494257160 Singapore Taxi sharing to make comeback via GrabShare, but cabbies sceptical 1494386160 World Greater total pollution exposure tied to higher cancer risk: Study 1494360120 World Trump fires FBI Director Comey, setting off political storm in US 1494368880 World South Korea's Moon to hold news conference, name key aides: parliament official 1494383043 World China's Xi says wants to appropriately handle disputes with South Korea 1494383024 Business Oil prices rise in Asia in expectation of Aramco supply cut 1494377165 Business ESPN concerns drag on Disney, shares dip 1494375644 World South Korea's Moon taps Lee Nak-yon as next prime minister: Yonhap 1494374951 World South Korea's Moon speaks with chairman of joint chiefs of staff 1494375038 World U.N. aviation agency seeks global approach to laptop ban 1494373668 Business U.S. Commerce's Ross says 3 percent GDP growth not achievable this year 1494373421 Business U.S. Commerce chief says EPA permits top regulatory 'hit list' 1494371889 World For one Chinese city, new 'Silk Road' leaves old problems unsolved 1494371132 Business New York judge halts request in Avianca Airlines shareholder spat 1494370501 Business Wall Street loses oomph but Apple crosses $800-billion mark 1494362277 Business J&J discloses U.S. probe related to arthritis drugs 1494283773 Business U.S. Democratic senators seek probe into Icahn’s biofuel credit dealings 1494364429 World U.S. increasingly convinced that Russia hacked French election: sources 1494365352 World Bomb threat causes panic on Saudi airliner 1494365381 World French ex-prime minister Valls offers to back Macron in elections 1494346329 World Ousted Venezuelan governor threatens government with shamanic curse 1494364963 World U.S. does not see Moon win in South Korea significantly changing ties 1494364194 World South Korea president winner Moon vows to unify bruised country 1494364194 World Gambia central bank governor, other top bank officials fired 1494361146 World Bins, cooking, the bedroom: Britain's May offers glimpse of private life 1494362642 World Trump to meet with Abu Dhabi crown prince on May 15: White House 1494357722 World South Sudan president replaces army chief 1494361979 World Infant mortality and malaria soar in Venezuela, according to government data 1494358622 World Le Pen's niece will not seek re-election as French lawmaker 1494360746 World Germany detains second soldier suspected of planning 'extremist' attack 1494356943 World EU urges U.S. not to cut U.N. funds, stay committed to climate deal 1494360376 Business Daimler drops bid to win approval to sell U.S. 2017 Mercedes diesels 1494363290 Business Apple tops $800 billion market cap for first time 1494361745 Business Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' FILE PHOTO: A zoomed illustration image of a man looking at a computer monitor showing the logo of Amazon is seen in Vienna. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 1:20 PM, May 10, 2017 Updated: 1:40 PM, May 10, 2017 SAN FRANCISCO - Earlier this year, engineers at Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> who track rivals' prices online got a rude surprise: the technology they were using to check Amazon.com several million times a day suddenly stopped working. Losing access to Amazon.com Inc's <AMZN.O> data was no small matter. Like most big retailers, Wal-Mart relies on computer programs that scan prices on competitors' websites so it can adjust its listings accordingly. A difference of even 50 cents can mean losing a sale. But a new tactic by Amazon to block these programs - known commonly as robots or bots - thwarted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer. Its technology unit, @WalmartLabs, was unable to work around the blockade for weeks, forcing it to retrieve Amazon's data through a secondary source, according to a person familiar with the matter who was not authorized to speak publicly. The previously unreported incident offers a case study in how Amazon's technological prowess is helping it dominate the retail competition. Now the largest online retailer in the world, Amazon is best known by consumers for its fast delivery, huge product catalog and ambitious moves into areas like original TV programming. But its mastery of the complex, behind-the-scenes technologies that power modern e-commerce is just as important to its success. Dexterity with bots allows Amazon not only to see what its rivals are doing, but increasingly to keep them in the dark when it undercuts them on price or is quietly charging more. "Benchmarking against Amazon is going to become hard," said Guru Hariharan, a former Amazon manager who now sells pricing software to retailers as chief executive of Mountain View, California-based Boomerang Commerce. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to discuss the January episode but said the company improves its technology regularly and has multiple tools for tracking items. He said the company offers value not only through pricing but from discounts for in-store pickup and other benefits. A spokeswoman for Amazon said the company is aware of competitors using bots to check its listings and denied any "campaign" to stop them. "Nothing has changed recently in how we manage bots on our site," she said. Still, she said, "we prioritize humans over bots as needed." Bots can slow down a website, a big motivator for retailers to block them. Reuters interviewed 21 people familiar with bots and how they are deployed, including current and former Wal-Mart employees, former Amazon employees and outside specialists. Many spoke only on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the issues publicly. Most pointed to Amazon's leadership in the burgeoning bot wars. [For graphic - click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qXbYfT] The company's technological edge has been good for its profit margin, and it's proving a winning formula for investors. Shares of the internet powerhouse have risen about 15-fold since the market's bottom in March 2009, while the S&P 500 has more than tripled in value. Amazon hit $100 billion in annual sales in 2015 - faster than any company in history, it said. BRAVE NEW WORLD Bot-driven pricing has represented a massive change for the retail industry since Amazon helped pioneer the practice more than a decade ago. Traditionally, brick-and-mortar stores changed prices no more than weekly because of the time and expense needed to swap labels by hand. In the world of e-commerce, though, retailers update prices with ease, sometimes multiple times a day, helped by algorithms that consider inventory levels, sales forecasts and rivals' pricing data. To stay in the game, companies such as online wholesaler Boxed, based in New York, depend on a variety of methods including bots to ensure they do not lag others' price moves for even 20 minutes. "That’s like a lifetime during Christmas," said Chief Executive Chieh Huang, whose company sells bulk staples like toilet paper and pet food. "If we're not decently priced, we'll see it almost immediately" in sales declines. DISGUISED AS HUMANS Using bots to view massive amounts of data on public websites - a process known as crawling or scraping - has many purposes. Alphabet Inc's <GOOGL.O> Google, for example, constantly crawls the Web to gather information for its search engine results and to sell ads. In e-commerce, though, the use of bots has developed into a cat-and-mouse game. Companies try to thwart the practice on their own websites while aiming to penetrate their competitors' defenses. Third-party services abound to help less-savvy retailers. [For diagram - click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qX4DwB] To protect data from rivals, some retail websites use what's known as a "CAPTCHA" - typically a distorted string of letters and numbers that humans can read but most bots can't. Amazon shies away from the practice because it annoys some customers. For merchants seeking to evade such defenses, disguising their computer programs as real shoppers is key. Some pricing technology experts have programmed computer cursors to meander through a Web page in the way a person might, instead of going directly to the prized data. Another technique is to use multiple computer addresses so that retailers cannot track a barrage of clicks to a single source. "It is an arms race," said Keith Anderson, a senior vice president at e-commerce analytics firm Profitero, based in Ireland. "Every week or every month, there's some new approach from both sides." Amazon's maneuver that halted Wal-Mart in January took aim at a specialized Web browser called PhantomJS. Unlike, say, Internet Explorer, this browser is designed specifically for programmers - a telltale clue that its users are not typical shoppers. Amazon put up a digital curtain to hide its listings from PhantomJS users, according to three people familiar with the situation. It was unclear how the move, which was not aimed at Wal-Mart in particular, affected other companies. Tests conducted in recent weeks for Reuters show that among major U.S. retail chains, Amazon had by far the most sophisticated bot detection in place, both for its home page and for two popular items selected by Reuters because they change price frequently - a De'Longhi coffee maker and a Logitech webcam. The tests were run by San Francisco-based Distil Networks, which sells anti-bot tools. In one of the tests, Distil programmed bots to hit each retailer's website 3,000 times, but slowly enough to mimic a person clicking through listings. This tricked most retail behemoths, but not Amazon. Blocked bots would not have seen, for instance, that Amazon's price for the De'Longhi espresso machine changed four times in a single 24-hour period starting on the morning of April 25, according to price tracking website camelcamelcamel.com. During that time, the price swung by more than 10 percent, from a low of $80.06 to $88.16. SWARMING WITH BOTS Despite Amazon's capabilities, the sheer volume of crawling on its site is staggering. At times, as many as 80 percent of the clicks on Amazon product listings have been from bots, people familiar with the matter say, compared with just a third or more of the traffic on other large sites. In addition to rivals seeking price data, that traffic includes bots from university researchers studying competition, search engines, advertising services and even fraudsters trying to break into Amazon accounts. For Wal-Mart, a small group in Silicon Valley directs its automated pricing strategy while dozens of engineers in India and around the world handle the code, current and former Wal-Mart employees said. Amazon had about 40 engineers who would covertly extract and organize rivals' data with bots as of several years ago, one of the people interviewed said. Amazon did not discuss the size or structure of its teams working with bots. According to one U.S. patent application, Amazon is working on encryption technology that would force bots, but not humans, to solve a complicated algorithm to gain access to its Web pages. [For full patent record - click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qXbYwp] "Amazon has both the competency to detect bot traffic and the wherewithal to do something about it," said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon manager and now managing director of Madrona Venture Group. That "isn't the case for most retailers." REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus With Obamacare vote, House Republicans free to turn to tax reform With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus With eye on millennials, Coach buys Kate Spade Wells Fargo says agrees with Buffett and is fixing its problems Wealth investments paying off for Singapore’s three big banks Waymo has 'no smoking gun' in Uber self driving car case -U.S. judge Warren Buffett says he sold a third of stake in IBM: CNBC Wall Street slips as Fed holds on rates; financials rise Wall Street set to rise after Macron wins in France Inside Today World South Korean business groups say will work with new president on job creation New South Korea president vows to address North Korea, broader tensions 'urgently' US warns of kidnapping threat on Philippine tourist island Supporters rally for Jakarta’s jailed Christian governor South Korea's Moon names inter-Korean talks veteran as spy chief Business China opening up its bond markets, but currency seen as major barrier ChemChina gets around 82 percent of Syngenta in $43 billion deal Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' Asia stocks rise for third day on earnings; dollar stalls on Comey sacking Detroit revival spurs JPMorgan to make fresh $50 million pledge Sports Hougang, Geylang relish Filipino challenge in S’pore Cup In Atletico Madrid’s ramshackle home, an underdog’s spirit thrived Tang sets sights on 2 race titles this year Dutch turn to Dick Advocaat for World Cup rescue RHB Bank gives Singapore football S$1.5m boost Entertainment Going vegan in Singapore is easy, says Les Mis star Jimmy Kimmel gives update on son, fires back at media New Hellboy movie in the works; Stranger Things actor David Harbour in talks to star Warner Bros releases trailer of Blade Runner sequel Music business is not for my daughter, says Wakin Chau About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman How to boost coverage of your PR event—even after it’s over It’s a splendid thing to snag TV, magazine or newspaper coverage for a one-day event. Bonus points, however, go to those who tell stories that have legs, drawing further articles and social media sharing long after the event is over. A free, downloadable tip sheet from Ragan Communications and Guinness World Records, „How to land blockbuster coverage during and after a PR event,” offers pointers for using storytelling to boost coverage. The tip sheet offers creative ideas from pros for turning a one-off event into a PR gift that keeps on giving. It cites experts from Reebok, John Deere, Walmart, Mall of America and Denver Water. “It’s not just us forcing Reebok stories down people’s throats,” says Ben Blakesley, Reebok’s director of global social media. “It’s, ‘How can we identify stories that people care about and what they’re talking about?’” The tip sheet tells how Reebok promoted its CrossFit Nano 7 shoe, drawing coverage from publications such as Men’s Fitness when 33 athletes around the globe broke 44 Guinness World Records titles. The download points the way to telling stories that inspire—and explains why certain stories gain major traction in the press. The tip sheet explains why John Deere, the heavy-equipment maker, chose to publish a magazine story not about its tractors, but about the origins of country music. “Farming is just what they do for a living, but they certainly have other interests that may or may not have anything to do with agriculture,” says David G. Jones, editor of The Furrow and Homestead magazines. Learn how Walmart kept pushing the story of its commitment to buy $250 billion worth of products that support U.S. manufacturing over 10 years, using its magazine, Walmart Today, to highlight interesting smaller stories that illustrate the initiative. Find out how Mall of America partners with charities in its events, creating stories that news media outlets are willing to promote. For example, a Free Bikes 4 Kidz charitable event gathered 5,512 donated two-wheelers in 2016, earning headlines such as this one from Bicycling: “This Charity Just Broke the World Record for Most Bikes Donated.” Learn how to capture content and how you can develop your own news outlet, telling your own stories, as Denver Water did. When the event’s over, keep using the content you captured, whether you’re blogging or posting on social media. Two weeks after its event, Reebok published a story about a one-armed athlete who had broken several records. “Spread the content out over the following couple of months,” Blakesley says, “so that you can extend the length of the story.” Download your free guide here. (Image via) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Therapeutic Nuclear Medicines Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Next PostNext 2017 Global Tilting Hydraulic Shears Sales Industry Size, Demand Supply, Revenue and 2022 Development Trends Search Recent Posts LMS for Employee Skills Management: UpsideLMS tells ‘how’ in its latest eBook F-Secure Oyj – Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Matti Heikkonen F-Secure Oyj – Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Risto Siilasmaa F-Secure Corporation – Managers’ Transactions – Bruce Oreck F-Secure Corporation – Managers’ Transactions – Matti Heikkonen RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kapil Mishra Emmanuel Macron Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Bahubali 2 News Technology News INSIGHT-Amazon trounces rivals in battle of the shopping 'bots' Shares1 Wed, 10 May 2017-10:46am , Reuters In addition to rivals seeking price data, that traffic includes bots from university researchers studying competition, search engines, advertising services and even fraudsters trying to break into Amazon accounts. Earlier this year, engineers at Wal-Mart Stores Inc who track rivals' prices online got a rude surprise: the technology they were using to check Amazon.com several million times a day suddenly stopped working. Losing access to Amazon.com Inc's data was no small matter. Like most big retailers, Wal-Mart relies on computer programs that scan prices on competitors' websites so it can adjust its listings accordingly. A difference of even 50 cents can mean losing a sale. But a new tactic by Amazon to block these programs - known commonly as robots or bots - thwarted the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer. Its technology unit, @WalmartLabs, was unable to work around the blockade for weeks, forcing it to retrieve Amazon's data through a secondary source, according to a person familiar with the matter who was not authorized to speak publicly. The previously unreported incident offers a case study in how Amazon's technological prowess is helping it dominate the retail competition. Now the largest online retailer in the world, Amazon is best known by consumers for its fast delivery, huge product catalog and ambitious moves into areas like original TV programming. But its mastery of the complex, behind-the-scenes technologies that power modern e-commerce is just as important to its success. Dexterity with bots allows Amazon not only to see what its rivals are doing, but increasingly to keep them in the dark when it undercuts them on price or is quietly charging more. "Benchmarking against Amazon is going to become hard," said Guru Hariharan, a former Amazon manager who now sells pricing software to retailers as chief executive of Mountain View, California-based Boomerang Commerce. A Wal-Mart spokesman declined to discuss the January episode but said the company improves its technology regularly and has multiple tools for tracking items. He said the company offers value not only through pricing but from discounts for in-store pickup and other benefits. A spokeswoman for Amazon said the company is aware of competitors using bots to check its listings and denied any "campaign" to stop them. "Nothing has changed recently in how we manage bots on our site," she said. Still, she said, "we prioritize humans over bots as needed." Bots can slow down a website, a big motivator for retailers to block them. Reuters interviewed 21 people familiar with bots and how they are deployed, including current and former Wal-Mart employees, former Amazon employees and outside specialists. Many spoke only on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the issues publicly. Most pointed to Amazon's leadership in the burgeoning bot wars. [For graphic - click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qXbYfT ] The company's technological edge has been good for its profit margin, and it's proving a winning formula for investors. Shares of the internet powerhouse have risen about 15-fold since the market's bottom in March 2009, while the S&P 500 has more than tripled in value. Amazon hit $100 billion in annual sales in 2015 - faster than any company in history, it said. BRAVE NEW WORLD Bot-driven pricing has represented a massive change for the retail industry since Amazon helped pioneer the practice more than a decade ago. Traditionally, brick-and-mortar stores changed prices no more than weekly because of the time and expense needed to swap labels by hand. In the world of e-commerce, though, retailers update prices with ease, sometimes multiple times a day, helped by algorithms that consider inventory levels, sales forecasts and rivals' pricing data. To stay in the game, companies such as online wholesaler Boxed, based in New York, depend on a variety of methods including bots to ensure they do not lag others' price moves for even 20 minutes. "That's like a lifetime during Christmas," said Chief Executive Chieh Huang, whose company sells bulk staples like toilet paper and pet food. "If we're not decently priced, we'll see it almost immediately" in sales declines. DISGUISED AS HUMANS Using bots to view massive amounts of data on public websites - a process known as crawling or scraping - has many purposes. Alphabet Inc's Google, for example, constantly crawls the Web to gather information for its search engine results and to sell ads. In e-commerce, though, the use of bots has developed into a cat-and-mouse game. Companies try to thwart the practice on their own websites while aiming to penetrate their competitors' defenses. Third-party services abound to help less-savvy retailers. [For diagram - click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qX4DwB ] To protect data from rivals, some retail websites use what's known as a "CAPTCHA" - typically a distorted string of letters and numbers that humans can read but most bots can't. Amazon shies away from the practice because it annoys some customers. For merchants seeking to evade such defenses, disguising their computer programs as real shoppers is key. Some pricing technology experts have programmed computer cursors to meander through a Web page in the way a person might, instead of going directly to the prized data. Another technique is to use multiple computer addresses so that retailers cannot track a barrage of clicks to a single source. "It is an arms race," said Keith Anderson, a senior vice president at e-commerce analytics firm Profitero, based in Ireland. "Every week or every month, there's some new approach from both sides." Amazon's maneuver that halted Wal-Mart in January took aim at a specialized Web browser called PhantomJS. Unlike, say, Internet Explorer, this browser is designed specifically for programmers - a telltale clue that its users are not typical shoppers. Amazon put up a digital curtain to hide its listings from PhantomJS users, according to three people familiar with the situation. It was unclear how the move, which was not aimed at Wal-Mart in particular, affected other companies. Tests conducted in recent weeks for Reuters show that among major U.S. retail chains, Amazon had by far the most sophisticated bot detection in place, both for its home page and for two popular items selected by Reuters because they change price frequently - a De'Longhi coffee maker and a Logitech webcam. The tests were run by San Francisco-based Distil Networks, which sells anti-bot tools. In one of the tests, Distil programmed bots to hit each retailer's website 3,000 times, but slowly enough to mimic a person clicking through listings. This tricked most retail behemoths, but not Amazon. Blocked bots would not have seen, for instance, that Amazon's price for the De'Longhi espresso machine changed four times in a single 24-hour period starting on the morning of April 25, according to price tracking website camelcamelcamel.com. During that time, the price swung by more than 10 percent, from a low of $80.06 to $88.16. SWARMING WITH BOTS Despite Amazon's capabilities, the sheer volume of crawling on its site is staggering. At times, as many as 80 percent of the clicks on Amazon product listings have been from bots, people familiar with the matter say, compared with just a third or more of the traffic on other large sites. In addition to rivals seeking price data, that traffic includes bots from university researchers studying competition, search engines, advertising services and even fraudsters trying to break into Amazon accounts. For Wal-Mart, a small group in Silicon Valley directs its automated pricing strategy while dozens of engineers in India and around the world handle the code, current and former Wal-Mart employees said. Amazon had about 40 engineers who would covertly extract and organize rivals' data with bots as of several years ago, one of the people interviewed said. Amazon did not discuss the size or structure of its teams working with bots. According to one U.S. patent application, Amazon is working on encryption technology that would force bots, but not humans, to solve a complicated algorithm to gain access to its Web pages. [For full patent record - click http://tmsnrt.rs/2qXbYwp ] "Amazon has both the competency to detect bot traffic and the wherewithal to do something about it," said Scott Jacobson, a former Amazon manager and now managing director of Madrona Venture Group. That "isn't the case for most retailers." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Arvind Kejriwal's EVM allegations are a farrago of fact and myth   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New interactive website may help reduce dizziness among elderly! Sci/Tech Bengaluru firm chosen for building hyperloop pod prototype Sci/Tech The secret behind stealthy solar storms finally revealed! Sci/Tech Now, man-made space radiation to enable safe space expeditions Sci/Tech Early humans co-existed in Africa with human-like species 300,000 years ago Sci/Tech GEAR UP: Xiaomi Redmi 4 to launch on May 16 in India < Previous ArticleNext Article > Arvind Kejriwal's EVM allegations are a farrago of fact and myth Related Early humans co-existed in Africa with human-like species 300,000 years ago Facebook says it will act against 'information operations' using false accounts Apple self-driving car testing plan gives clues to tech program Video Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi View all Tags Reuters Ireland Logitech Mountain View New York Silicon Valley Amazon Wal-Mart Stores Inc U. S. Bentonville Internet Explorer Keith Anderson Madrona Venture Group S&P SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News China most-wanted suspect gets "home detention" in New Zealand BSP expels Naseemuddin Siddiqui and his son for 'anti-party activities' Akbar, Aurangzeb and Babar were invaders: Yogi Adityanath PM Modi inaugurates SC's ICMIS, calls for mass movement to provide legal aid to poor Maharashtra govt in talks to revive dying Kolhapuri chappal industry Sport Cricket-England deserve 'favourites' tag in Champions Trophy - Moeen Golf-PGA Tour extends deal with FedEx through 2027 Soccer-Hulk unlikely to face action over punch allegations - CSL official SHOWCASE-Soccer-Hull's Silva calls for unity ahead of crucial final games Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 10 Entertainment Newcomer alert! Vinod Mehra's son Rohan Mehra makes his debut in Saif Ali Khan's 'Baazaar' Justin Bieber in India: Salman Khan's bodyguard Shera accompanies the pop star to his hotel! See Pictures: When Preity Zinta and Juhi Chawla turned commentators for KKR vs Kings XI Punjab IPL match Sasha commemorates 14 years of doing what he loves Post 'Kaatru Veliyidai', Aditi Rao Hydari to team up with Mani Ratnam for another film Money The packersmovers.com is all set to eliminate the hassle of relocating in India AstraZeneca's asthama drug fails in study Natco Pharma launches generic blood cancer drug in India Sensex, Nifty hit lifetime highs on normal monsoon forecast ING Q1 earns ahead of expectations: loans and deposits up, fewer bad loans Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Retail Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 10 MusicThe Grammy Awards Will Move to New York After a Decade in Los Angeles PoliticsTrump Will Meet Russia’s Foreign Minister at the White House ChinaChinese Premier Sends Foxconn a Reminder After Its CEO Visits the White House A Walmart sign in Miami. Joe Raedle Getty Images Fortune 500 Walmart Is Reportedly Getting Ready to Settle a Bribery Probe for $300 Million Reuters 12:45 AM ET Walmart Stores (wmt) is preparing to pay about $300 million to settle a probe of bribery by its employees in markets including Mexico, India, and China, Bloomberg reported on Tuesday, citing people familiar with the matter. The deal, which would mark a significant concession by the U.S. government, was being finalized and could change, the Bloomberg report said. In October 2016, Walmart rebuffed a proposal by U.S. prosecutors to pay at least $600 million to settle the same corruption probe. Walmart spokesman Greg Hitt declined to comment on the story. Last week , Walmart told Reuters it was considering getting certified under a new international program that could help companies defend themselves against isolated cases of corruption or poor business practices. The proposed resolution would require a guilty plea by at least one Walmart subsidiary, but the parent company would not be charged, the report said. The U.S. Department of Justice has been conducting a long-running investigation into potential misconduct by Walmart in some overseas markets, including China, Brazil, India, and Mexico. Walmart's ethics and compliance system came into focus after the New York Times reported in 2012 that Walmart had engaged in a multi-year bribery campaign to build its Walmart de Mexico business. So far Walmart has spent more than $800 million on legal fees and an internal investigation into the alleged payments and to revamp its compliance systems around the world. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact CGC Insider Search for: Batman 66 Gets The Action Figure Line It Should Have Decades Ago Thanks To Funko Posted by Jeremy Konrad May 9, 2017 Comment Back in January we got our first look at the upcoming wave of Batman 66 3 3/4 inch action figures from Funko. Today, we have packaged shots of each figure. And they look pretty awesome. Coming to stores this June, these will be available at all of the standard places one would buy Funko products: Walmart, Hot Topic, Walmart, Toys R Us, and your local comic shop. Whenever batman 66 product is offered, people order it in waves so these shouldn’t be too difficult to get your hands on, but there is a chase version of Mr. Freeze available as well at a 1:6 ratio, so that may prove to be a bit tougher. People have been having a lot of puck getting chases by placing online orders with Amazon on other Funko products, so you may want to try your luck there. From the Funko blog: These fully poseable action figures feature nine points of articulation and are 3.75” tall! This series features classic Batman, Catwoman, Batgirl, King Tut, Mr. Freeze and Bookworm! Look for the Mr. Freeze chase – A 1-in-6 rarity! They are perfect for your collection! Coming this Summer!   These have full articulation, so they will be a little different from the 5 POA figures put out by both Funko and Super 7 in the past, and they look to have wonderful sculpts to them. The standout here looks to be King Tut, the detail on him is awesome. I love all the little accessories that come with each figure as well. Not putting Joker or Robin in the first wave is a bold choice, but I love the addition of Bookworm and Batgirl instead. We also know that a Batmobile and Robin are coming, although that has not been dated yet. Check out Funko’s Batman Classic Figure hub here for more info.   About the Author Latest Posts Contact About Jeremy Konrad Jeremy Konrad loves Star Wars and collecting action figures and collectibles. He also watches wrestling, maybe more than Jude Terror. Follow him on Twitter @jeremyohio Batman 66 Gets The Action Figure Line It Should Have Decades Ago Thanks To Funko - May 9, 2017 Forever Collectibles Enters The Fidget Spinners Market With DC and Looney Tunes - May 9, 2017 On This Day In Pop Culture For May 9 - May 9, 2017 Bleeding Cool’s Top 10 Wrestlers Turned Actors (Spoiler: The Rock Is Number 1) - May 8, 2017 On This Day In Pop Culture For May 8 - May 8, 2017View All Posts Contact Author Name First Last Email* Your Message Author Name Author Email Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. A Speedrunner Puts All Your Gameplay Footage To Shame By Beating Prey In Under 20 Minutes Mafia III Is Coming To Mac Tomorrow, But There Are Some Serious Oversights On Those System Requirements Comments Ten Thoughts About Doctor Who: Knock Knock Guardians Of The Galaxy Star Dave Bautista Trashes WWE On Talk Is Jericho Podcast A Brand New Bad Guy For The Turtles To Fight On Free Comic Book Day (SPOILERS) Skyforge’s The Risen Exiles Update Will Have Some PS4 Players Happy, But Not All Of Them Trailer For Next Week’s Doctor Who: Oxygen Blade Runner Sequel Better Than Original, Claims Guardians Of The Galaxy Star Dave Bautista Does Free Comic Book Day’s Defenders Story Reveal Spider-Man’s Mister D? (SPOILERS) On This Day In Pop Culture For May 6 Matt Hardy Broken Battle Not Done As Impact Wrestling Files Trademark Claim Secret Empire Free Comic Book Day Hammers Home The Message About Captain America (SPOILERS) comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
null
Sign in Join Consumer Warnings Sales & Deals Consumer Tips Tech Entertainment More Home & Family Travel Cars & Bikes Stores Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email Log In your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Create a free account Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. FREE: Join NFS & Get Discounts At Local StoresFREE: Join NFS & Save At Local Stores Mother’s Day 2017 Sales: Macy’s, Target & Walmart By Tracy Ortiz - May 9, 2017 Need a cute gift from your kids to your wife? Looking for the “perfect” gift to please your picky, but oh-so-sweet mom? Whatever you’re looking for this Mother’s Day 2017, there’s still time to find it thanks to all the great sales going on right now. Macy’s, Target, and Walmart all have in-store and online deals, which means you still have time to get that perfect gift for the mom in your life. Below, we have all the sales info, including store hours and featured sales items, to make your shopping experience easier than ever. We also included links to each store’s website; Happy Mother’s Day! Macy’s Open on Mother’s Day; order by midnight on Tuesday, May 9 for guaranteed Mother’s Day delivery. Their sale is going on now through Saturday, May 13th, with special 4-day events, Pop-up sales, and storewide discounts. Here’s what they have to offer: ·Save 20-50% storewide + extra savings on select departments now through Saturday. Deals include: *30-40% off Mommy & Me activewear, pajamas, and sportswear *20% off watches *40% off weekend clothing (Charter Club, Style & Co.) + an extra 15-20% off when you use your Macy’s card or savings pass; $79.99 select dresses; 70-85% off clothing for her, $19.99-$39.99 for women’s top; 60-80% off intimates; $20 off a $50 purchase or $50 off a $100 purchase of bras, underwear or shapewear *25-40% off handbags *50% off Bella electrics; $29.99 Fiesta ware ·4-Day fine jewelry sale, Monday- Thursday, May 11 ·Pop-Up Sale through Wednesday, May 10 features 20% off in-stores and online + free shipping on orders $49 or more. Pop-up sale includes 30-55% off women’s shoes, 40-60% off women’s clothing, 30-40% off handbags, 30-55% off fine jewelry and more Target Open on Mother’s Day; Use Target’s free order pick-up and you can pick up your items the same day; express shipping available until Friday for Mother’s Day delivery. Their sale is available online and in-stores, now through Saturday, May 13. Here are their featured deals: ·BOGO, Buy one, Get one 50% off on women’s dresses and shoes ·20% off women’s jewelry, watches, handbags and accessories ·Apple sale: Apple Watch series 1 starting at $199 (save $70), Series 2 starting at $369.99 ·Up to 20% off all KitchenAid appliances and cutlery; $29 select kitchen appliances; all robotic vacuums: $299.99, and more ·Up to 35% off outdoor living + an extra 10% off with promo code OUTDOOR ·Up to 25% off fresh home styles with promo code LOVEMOM Walmart   Walmart’s sale is going on now through Saturday; express shipping available through Thursday for Mother’s Day delivery. Here are their featured sale items: ·Kitchen: Only at Walmart- Pioneer 10-piece non-stick ceramic cookware set: $99.99 KitchenAid Classic 4.5-quart mixer: $199.99 (save $50), Roomba robotic vacuum: $299.99, Krups 4-slice toaster: $49.98, and more ·Electronics: Rollback-Vizio Smartcast 55″ 4K Ultra HD: $498 (save $30), Philips 50″ 4K Ultra HDTV: $398 ·Clothing & Accessories: Catalina and No Boundaries swimwear: $7.96-$16.48; rope tote bag: $9.97, women’s beach $9.98 and more Where do you plan to do your Mother’s Day 2017 shopping? Tell me your gift ideas for mom below and be sure to follow all my latest consumer news reports on Twitter! It's Nice To Share!                                             - To link to this page, copy & paste - Mother’s Day 2017 Sales: Macy’s, Target & Walmart Or use the shortURL: https://n4s.us/56009 Tracy Ortiz I am a mom to 2 little boys: a 3 year- old and 2 year-old and they are the only things I love more than writing. I am an avid reader, a big sports fan and love a good deal. Most of all, I love keeping up on the latest consumer news and sharing my findings with all of you. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Stores Open/Closed Easter 2017: CVS, Target, Rite-Aid & More Easter Sales & Store Hours 2017: Target, Walmart, Macy’s 2017 Easter Deals: Save on Baskets, Chocolate, & More From Target, Macy’s & Walmart News For Shoppers News For Shoppers is your free source for unbiased shopping and entertainment news. Our Promise To You • Helpful, Reliable, Honest, Consumer Intel • No 'Sponsored' Stories • No Commission/Affiliate Links • No Pop-Up or Content Blocking Ads • No Paywalls or Survey Blocks Writers Wanted! We're looking for internet savvy consumer and product experts! › Learn More! Log In › NFS Home › About NFS! › NFS Journalists › Write At NFS! › Contact NFS › NFS On YouTube! NFS Perks & Discounts Latest News Mother’s Day 2017 Restaurant & Bakery Deals: Boston Market, Baskin Robbins & More 2017 Kentucky Derby: Time, Channel, Live Stream, Post Positions & Odds Star Wars Day 2017 Deals From Hallmark, Disney & More Beneath A Scarlet Sky: A Powerful, Unforgettable, Read [Review] Popular Now Is DealDash Legit Or A Scam? The Devil Is In The Details! The Voice Top 10 Live Result Show: Who Got Eliminated… Amazon Prime VS Boxed.com: Which One Saves You More? Groupon.com Review: Big Savings Or A Big Scam? Opinions & statements made by authors on NFS are entirely their own. Please see our complete Terms & Conditions of Use © Copyright 2010 - 2017 NewsForShoppers.com N A
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Do you want to see a second farmers market? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-05-10 / Police Blotter Tweet Print Man inhales keyboard cleaner in store lot Saturday, April 29 • A burglar alarm was reported at a residence on Lapp Road. There was an issue with a malfunctioning sensor. A resident of Cobblestone Drive was injured when he tried to separate two German shepherds and a pit bull that were fighting. The dog control officer responded to take the pit bull. One of the other dogs needed to go to the emergency veterinary clinic for injuries. Sunday, April 30 • A man called from the parking lot of Old Country Buffet. Someone had stolen his wife’s purse from their vehicle while they were at dinner. A resident of Brentwood Drive reported that someone had opened a Wal-Mart credit card using his personal information. Wal-Mart called about a man with a head laceration who had stolen a can of keyboard cleaner and was inhaling it in the parking lot. A 27-year-old man was charged with larceny. He was taken to the hospital for his head injury. Monday, May 1 A vehicle was repossessed from an address on Goodrich Road. The owner was aware. A burglar alarm was reported at Dave and Adams Card World. Patrol checked the building to negative results. Tuesday, May 2 • A 31-year-old man was arrested at the Budget Inn on Main Street. Deputies were at the address to serve a bench warrant out of Clarence Court. The man was found hiding in an open space between a mattress and a bed frame. Also arrested was the man’s roommate, a 74-year-old man, who was charged with obstruction of governmental administration. Wednesday, May 3 • Lens Crafters called about a man who had left the store with two pairs of eyeglass frames. Patrol detained the subject as he was leaving the mall. The subject was searched, but he did not have the items. He was released without charges. A 19-year-old man was charged with operating a vehicle with a suspended registration following a traffic stop on Transit Road. The man was released on traffic summons. Thursday, May 4 Deputies were called to an address on Tonawanda Creek Road in Clarence for a report of people firing guns in an unsafe manner. A 24-year-old man and a 23-year-old woman were arrested and were reportedly found to be in possession of unregistered handguns. One of the guns had the serial number ground off. Both subjects were charged with criminal possession of a weapon in the second degree, reckless endangerment and third-degree weapons possession. Both were remanded to the Erie County Holding Center pending arraignment. Patrol responded to a chocolate shop on Main Street for a report of a larceny of a decorative wreath. The complainant got the plate of the suspect. Patrol advised the person to return and pay for the item or there would be criminal charges. The woman returned and paid for the item. Friday, May 5 Patrol responded to Keller Road for a report of an out-of-control male youth. He had left prior to the arrival of patrol. A resident of Main Street reported that his son’s car had been stolen. A check of the registration showed that the car had been repossessed. (Editor’s note: The Bee’s police blotter is a sampling of unusual calls received by the police department. It is not intended to be a complete record of all incidents reported.) Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
PCMagLogo.2016 Reviews Reviews Android Apps Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Editors' Choice Gaming Headphones Health & Fitness iPad Apps iPhone Apps Keyboards Laptops Mice Monitors Phones Printers Projectors Routers Scanners Security Software Smart Home Software Speakers Storage Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearables All Reviews Best Picks Best Picks Best Android Apps Best Antivirus Software Best Cameras Best Desktops Under $500 Best Drones Best Fitness Trackers Best Hard Drives Best iPhone Apps Best iPhone Cases Best Laptops Best Monitors Best Password Managers Best PC Games Best Phones Best Printers Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Tablets Best Wireless Routers Editors' Choice All Categories How-To How-To All Categories How to Block a Number on Any Phone How to Build a Computer How to Build Your Smart Home How to Clear Cache How to Connect Your iPhone to Your TV How to Create an Anonymous Email Account How to Create an App How to Edit a PDF How to Get iOS 10 How to Hack Wi-Fi Passwords How to Save Money on Your Cell Phone Plan How to Take a Screenshot How to Set Up and Configure Your Wireless Router How to Use Apple Pay News News All News Fastest ISPS Features Readers' Choice Business Choice Opinions Fastest Mobile Networks Tips Tips All Tips Tips to Speed Up Windows Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know Android Marshmallow Tips Apple TV Tips Chrome Tips Chromecast Tips Facebook Tips Fitbit Tips Gmail Tips Google Drive Tips Google Search Tips Netflix Binge Watching Tips Roku Tips WiFi Booster Tips Yahoo Mail Tips Business Business All Categories Business Software Index Enterprise Small Business Startup Spotlight Explore Accounting & Taxes Back Best Expense Report Software 2016 Best Online Accounting Services 2016 Best Online Tax Preparation Software 2016 FreshBooks QuickBooks Online Plus TaxACT Online Plus Review TurboTax 2016 Review Antivirus, Safety & Security Back Avast Free Antivirus AVG Avira Best SaaS Endpoint Protection Software 2016 Best Security Suites 2016 Bitdefender Antivirus Plus Review 2016 Free Antivirus Kaspersky Antivirus Kaspersky Internet Security McAfee Symantec Norton Security Premium Review Webroot SecureAnywhere AntiVirus Review 2016 Windows Defender Browsers & Operating Systems Back Chrome Firefox Internet Explorer 11 macOS Sierra Beta Opera Microsoft Edge Tor Browser Windows 10 Business & Office Back Agiloft Review Best Application Performance Management Tools 2016 Best Asset Management Services 2016 Best Contract Management Software 2016 Best CRM Software of 2016 Best Email Marketing Software 2016 Best Help Desk Software 2016 Best HR Software & Management Systems of 2016 Best Idea Management Software 2016 Best Membership Management Software 2016 Best Network Monitoring Software 2016 Best Online Collaboration Software 2016 Best Online Survey Tools 2016 Best Project Management Software of 2016 Best Self-Service Business Intelligence (BI) Tools 2016 Best Social Media Management & Analytics Tools 2016 Best Video Conferencing Services 2016 Campaign Monitor Review What is Cloud Computing? Constant Contact Review Join.Me Review LiquidPlanner Review Microsoft Office 2016 Review Microsoft Office For Mac Review Microsoft Office 365 Review Vivantio Pro Review Wrike Review Zoho Projects Review Cameras & Photo/Video Editing Back Best Action Cameras of 2016 Best Digital Cameras of 2016 Best Photo Scanners 2016 Best Scanners of 2016 Best Video Editing Software for Enthusiasts GoPro Hero 4 Silver Mirrorless Camera Photoshop Elements Underwater Camera Video Editing Software Carriers & Providers Back Boost Mobile Dish Network Metro PCS Safelink Straight Talk Cases & Covers Back Best iPhone 6 Plus Cases Best iPhone SE Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Desktops Back Best All-in-One PCs Best Desktop Computers of 2016 Best Gaming Desktops 2016 Top 10 Desktops Under $500 Smart Home & Wearables Back Apple Watch Bands Best Smart Home Security Systems 2016 Best Smartwatches 2016 Best Home Security Cameras 2016 Doorbell Camera Fitbit Alta Fitbit Blaze Fitbit Surge Garmin Vivoactive Garmin Vivosmart HR IFTTT Nest Cam Roomba SimpliSafe Trackr DNA Testing Back 23andMe AncestryDNA Drones Back Best Drones Drone Regulations Ebooks Back The Best eReaders of 2016 How to Get Free eBooks Kindle Oasis Kindle Paperwhite Education Back Absorb LMS Review Best Language-Learning Software 2016 Best LMS of 2016 Grovo LMS Review Lynda Udemy Games Back Android Games iPhone Games Nintendo 3DS Games PC Games PS4 Games Xbox One Games Wii U Games Hard Drives, Storage, Networking & Backup Back Amazon Cloud Drive Review Best Cloud Storage & Syncing Best External Hard Drives 2016 Dropbox Review Eero Review IDrive Review Microsoft Onedrive Review Headphones Back Beats Headphones Beats Solo 2 Best Bluetooth Headphones Best Bluetooth Headsets Best Bluetooth Speakers Best Headphones 2016 Best In-Ear Headphones 2016 Best Noise-Canceling Headphones 2016 Bluetooth Headset Reviews Jaybird X2 Powerbeats2 Wireless Keyboards, Mice, Monitors & Speakers Back Best Business Monitors 2016 Best Computer Mice 2016 Best Computer Monitors 2016 Best Computer Speakers 2016 Best Gaming Keyboards of 2016 Best Gaming Monitors 2016 Best Keyboards 2016 Best Wireless Speakers 2016 Bose Soundlink JBL Flip 3 Laptops Back Best Budget Laptops 2016 Best Business Laptops 2016 Best Chromebooks 2016 Best Dell Laptops Best Gaming Laptops of 2016 Best Laptops Best Laptops for College Students Best Laptops Under $500 Best Lenovo Laptops 2016 Dell XPS 13 Dell XPS 15 Printers Back 3D Printer Best Inkjet Printers 2016 Best Laser Printers 2016 Best Wireless Printers 2016 Printers Search & Shopping Back Amazon Prime Cost Amazon Prime Now Amazon Prime Pantry Bing Square Cash App Google Search Tips Google Wallet Shows, Events & Holiday Back Back to School Tech E3 Fathers Day Holiday Gift Guide Tech News Phones Back Asus Zenfone 2 Laser Best Android Phone Best Unlocked Phones Droid Maxx 2 CDMA vs. GSM Huawei Honor 5X HTC Desire 626 Huawei P8 Lite iPhone 6 vs. 6s Nokia Lumia Samsung Galaxy J3 Samsung Galaxy S7 Samsung J7 Samsung S7 Sony Xperia Tablets Back Best Android Tablets 2016 Best Tablets of 2016 Best Windows Tablets iPad iPad Mini 4 Surface Pro TVs & Streaming Media Back Amazon Prime Video Amazon Fire Stick Best Media Streaming Devices of 2016 Best Podcasts Best Projectors 2016 Best TVs of 2016 Chromecast Google Play Music Hulu MP3 Netflix Pandora Radio Playstation Vue Roku 2 Roku Streaming Stick Slacker Radio Spotify Utilities Back Adobe Acrobat Pro Advanced SystemCare Best Password Managers for 2016 Best Tune-Up Utilities 2016 Download YouTube Evernote (Web) Google Image Search Iolo System Mechanic 15.5 Review LastPass Never10 SlimWare Utilities SlimCleaner Plus Review Virtual Reality Back Oculus Rift The Best VR Headset VoIP Back Best VoIP Services 2016 RingCentral Office (for Business) Review Vonage Review VPN Back Best VPN Services 2016 Best Free VPN Hotspot Shield NordVPN Review Private Internet Access Web Hosting Back 1&1 Web Hosting Review Best Cheap Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Managed WordPress Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Shared Web Hosting Services 2016 Best Small Business Web Hosting Services 2016 Best VPS Web Hosting Services for 2016 Bluehost Review Dreamhost Web Hosting Review Hostgator Review Hostwinds Web Hosting Review InMotion Web Hosting Review Coupons Subscribe Subscribe Nav_Assets Facebook Twitter Search Search for Close Arrow_Path PCMagPicks AmazonEchoShow WindowsBug Cassini NetNeutrality Menu Subscribe Home / Reviews / Software / Internet / Amazon Lowers Free Shipping Threshold to $25 Amazon Lowers Free Shipping Threshold to $25 By Tom Brant May 9, 2017 07:07pm EST 10 Comments The $10 drop is a boon for non-Prime customers who don't mind waiting for their shipments to arrive, but it comes as Walmart has upped the free shipping ante. After lingering at $35 and ranging as high as $49, Amazon's free shipping threshold has returned to $25, a sign that the online retailer is prepared to defend its core business even as it branches out into digital subscriptions and a growing array of consumer electronics devices. The lower threshold is a boon for casual Amazon shoppers who are not Prime members: they can add millions of eligible items to their shopping carts (typically those sold or fulfilled directly by Amazon.com) and enjoy free shipping on orders greater than $25. Related 4 Ways to Avoid Paying $99 for Amazon Prime Free Shipping 4 Ways to Avoid Paying $99 for Amazon Prime Free Shipping Now that numerous other online retailers now offer $35 free shipping thresholds, including Target and Jet.com, Amazon's decision to lower its threshold to the original $25 might seem generous. But before you rush to place orders that have languished while you searched for additional items to meet the former $35 threshold, consider that Amazon is no longer the king of free shipping online. That title now arguably belongs to Walmart, which recently introduced free two-day shipping on orders over $35. Amazon's free shipping option, meanwhile, can take up to eight days if you aren't a Prime member. In fact, Amazon's decision to raise its free shipping threshold to the high watermark of $49 in early 2016 was arguably a way to incentivize more people to sign up for the $99-per-year Prime membership, which offers free two-day shipping with no minimum orders on eligible items, in addition to numerous other benefits. It was also a way to keep rising shipping costs in check. Amazon later returned the threshold to $35, where it had been since the first $10 raise in October 2013. Back to top Previous : Amazon Introduces Live Music Events for Prime Subscribers By Tom Brant Tom is PCMag's San Francisco-based news reporter. He got his start in technology journalism by reviewing the latest hard drives, keyboards, and much more for PCMag's sister site, Computer Shopper. As a freelancer, he's written on topics as diverse as Borneo's rain forests, Middle Eastern airlines, and big data's role in presidential elections. A graduate of Middlebury College, Tom also has a master's journalism degree from New York University. Follow him on Twitter @branttom. More » More Stories by Tom Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S8 Now on Sale For light data users who don't mind a significant upfront cash outlay, buying an unlocked phone can ... More » Study: $5K Is Self-Driving Car Sweet Spot An academic study suggests people are willing to pay just under $5,000 for fully autonomous cars. More » Voice Calls, Messages Coming to Amazon Alexa Alexa will be able to make voice and video calls via the new Echo Show device or the Alexa smartphon... More » See More + Comments Login or Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus //Most Popular Articles What Is 5G? Everything Coming to Netflix in May 21 Optical Illusions That Prove Your Brain Sucks The Eerie World of Abandoned Computers 6 Video Games You'll Want to Buy In May Inside GE's Research Center and its Quest for an Automated Future »See More //Discover... 23 Things You Didn't Know Your Chromecast Could Do 30 Breathtaking Pics From Cassini's Journey to Saturn 22 Tips Every Amazon Addict Should Know »See More About Connect Ziff Davis Sites Subscribe Social About Us Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use Advertise Accessibility Statement PCMag Digital Edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Encyclopedia Contact Us AskMen Computer Shopper ExtremeTech Geek IGN TechBargains Toolbox Offers.com Speedtest.net PC/Mac Apple iOS Amazon Kindle Google Android Customer Service SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram © 1996-2017 Ziff Davis, LLC. PCMag Digital Group PC, PC Magazine and PC PCMag.com are among the federally registered trademarks of Ziff Davis, LLC and may not be used by third parties without explicit permission. unused We have updated our PRIVACY POLICY and encourage you to read it by clicking here. ×
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 10, 2:12 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Amazon Issues Drop In Free Shipping Price Limit For Non-Prime Members By Eric Chiu @eric_chiu On 05/09/17 AT 7:02 PM Close For Amazon users who haven’t yet made the jump to Amazon’s Prime subscriber service, the online retailer is making it even easier to make bulk purchases through Amazon. Amazon has dropped the free shipping price limit for non-Prime members down to $25. The drop from the previous $35 free shipping limit is the second cut from Amazon this year as it looks to stave off increasing competition from companies like Wal-Mart. The brick-and-mortar retailer has invested heavily in its online shopping offerings in the past year, acquiring boutique online shopping site Jet and briefly launching a Prime-like program called ShippingPass, which offered free shipping for $50 per year. Read: Amazon Will Release New Echo Featuring Touchscreen, Video Calling While Wal-Mart shut down ShippingPass earlier this year, it replaced the program with a flat $35 requirement for free two-day shipping. As for Amazon, its Prime program remains a central pillar of the retailer’s strategy. The $99 annual program includes free shipping along with a suite of additional benefits for subscribers. Amazon wants the lower free shipping limit to make it easier for non-Prime subscribers to buy products from Amazon in hope of converting them into Prime subscribers down the road. Alongside this goal, Prime Video has been a significant area of investment for Amazon. Within the past few years, Amazon has made major purchases and acquisitions in a bid to go head-to-head with companies like Netflix and Hulu in the content space. The company purchased the rights to the Oscar-winning film “Manchester By The Sea” at the Sundance Film Festival in 2016 and has an original portfolio of shows highlighted by originals including “Transparent” and “Bosch.” Like Netflix’s push into original content, Amazon’s investment in content is yet another way it wants to encourage potential buyers to subscribe to Prime. This move isn’t limited to original shows. Amazon also plans to launch a series of concerts for Prime subscribers called Prime Live Events, Engadget reported. The concert series will include artists like Blondie and Katie Melua and is to be streamed exclusively on Amazon Prime Video. Read: Drive-In Grocery Store For Amazon Prime Members Announced The news comes on the heels of a suite of hardware announcements from Amazon. Earlier Tuesday, Amazon announced the Echo Show, an updated version of the Amazon Echo home speaker. Along with Echo basics like Alexa functionality, the Show features a 7-inch touchscreen display, voice calls and video conferencing technology that allows users to make Apple Facetime-like video calls. Amazon also teased the Echo Look, which is an Echo spinoff equipped with a camera that can take photos of you and provide fashion tips and suggestions that draw from Amazon’s back catalog of clothes and products. Join the Discussion Most Read Stay connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. The IBTech Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in technology. Please enter a valid email Related Stories Amazon Video Coming To Apple TV Why Wal-Mart Beat Target Recommended Business Coach Shares Spike After Kate Spade Deal Is Announced The news came after months of speculation and talks that seemed to fall through. Technology EA Details eSports Plans, BioWare News & 'Madden 18' Updates In a call with investors, Electronic Arts highlighted its upcoming release calendar and other high-profile titles. World Scientists Study Supermassive Black Holes In Merging Galaxies Observations made using NASA's NuSTAR telescope have revealed that supermassive black holes in merging galaxies do most of their feeding during the later stages of galactic mergers, when they're heavily obscured. National Comey's Firing Rebuked By Democrats, Raises Concerns Among Republicans The acting FBI director is Andrew McCabe, who was James Comey's deputy before he was fired. Attorney General Jeff Sessions is expected to name an interim FBI director in a few days. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics Filmmakers reflect on long-term effects of Japanese internment Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Economic devastation and loss of life have become the norm in Northeast Arkansas when flood waters surge Fort Smith Police Department may add lieutenants, grant writer in restructuring proposal Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics Filmmakers reflect on long-term effects of Japanese internment Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Economic devastation and loss of life have become the norm in Northeast Arkansas when flood waters surge Fort Smith Police Department may add lieutenants, grant writer in restructuring proposal Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week New House Minority Leader Whitaker taking balanced approach to battles AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping The Supply Side: Fayetteville entrepreneurs gear up for Wal-Mart’s fourth ‘Open Call’ ArcBest reports $7.40 million loss, stock down 20% Johnelle Hunt tells life story to trucking executives, ATA members Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest ArkansasTalk Politics by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 8 hours ago 42 views  Tags: Wal-Mart FCPA 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores may soon settle a lengthy federal investigation by the U.S. Justice Department and Securities and Exchange Commission regarding allegations of the Federal Corrupt Practices Act violations. The allegations stem from business dealings in Mexico, China and several other countries. Bloomberg is reporting that Wal-Mart is preparing to pay roughly $300 million to settle this matter, though it’s unclear when the deal will be announced. Wal-Mart declined to comment on the reported settlement, but the retailer recently noted in its Global Ethics and Compliance Report the “discussions are preliminary and the company cannot predict the timing and financial impact of a possible resolution.” Talk Business & Politics reached out to Mike Koehler, a lawyer and professor on FCPA matters, for his response on the possible settlement and the now six-year timeline for this investigation. Koehler said he’s not surprised by the $300 million settlement as reported by Bloomberg, because he has predicted all the along the settlement would be positively impacted by Wal-Mart’s efforts to “do the right thing since late 2011.” He said settlements are a reflection of a number of factors and the most important is the net financial benefit gained from alleged improper payments. Kohler believes the federal government’s case against Wal-Mart was relatively weak on evidence but wide in scope, which is why it continued for six years. He also said the $837 million Wal-Mart has spent on reinforcement and counsel looks “eye popping” over the past six years, but it’s small compared to profits generated. Koehler said pre-enforcement spending in most cases is the largest financial hit to a company under FCPA scrutiny. Pre-enforcement spending by Wal-Mart is about 2.5 times the estimated settlement amount. He said that’s not usual given at least two mitigating circumstances that will shave points off the sentencing guidelines. He said Wal-Mart has complied and fully cooperated after self-reporting the alleged misconduct in late 2011. But more importantly the company has implemented remedial measures to ensure better safeguards and investing more than $250 million on internal compliance protocol and employee training. Koehler expects the settlement will be made public in the next 45 to 60 days. The Justice Department and SEC will release settlement terms to public. He said there may not be a lot of transparency into how the settlement was calculated. The retailer will make its plea and that is public. Wal-Mart cannot keep the settlement sealed, he said. Koehler added that Wal-Mart has largely been a punching bag regarding FCPA matters over the past several years when the retailer has really been a leader in the industry through creating better protocols. He said Wal-Mart has also been more transparent than most with regard to its spending on FCPA matters. The SEC requires Wal-Mart to make disclosures in its filings so investors will be aware of the risks associated with this investigation. Koehler said Wal-Mart did far more than that minimum reporting by publishing an annual Global Ethics and Compliance Report since 2015 as mandated by the board of directors the prior year. Wal-Mart’s audit committee comprised of board members have been actively trying to resolve this FCPA probe. In the retailer’s recent Proxy filing, Wal-Mart paid the audit committee chairman an extra $57,500 and audit committee members were paid $45,000 more for the extra time spent regarding with outside counsel and other advisors in FCPA-related matters last year. Koehler predicts there will be pundits who claim President Donald Trump helped Wal-Mart avoid a blockbuster settlement, but from his experience litigating and teaching FCPA law, he believes Wal-Mart’s fine will likely be lower because the merits of the case are weak and whatever wrongs happened in 2005, 2006 and 2007 have long been corrected. Comments comments Previous post TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics Next post Fort Smith Police Department may add lieutenants, grant writer in restructuring proposal Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Latest Popular Economic devastation and loss of life have become the norm in Northeast Arkansas when flood waters surge 6 hours ago Fort Smith Police Department may add lieutenants, grant writer in restructuring proposal 8 hours ago Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe 8 hours ago TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics 8 hours ago Filmmakers reflect on long-term effects of Japanese internment 8 hours ago Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem 12,983 views Fort Smith spent an estimated $182,000 running recycling routes while not recycling 4,589 views At Home adding Arkansas location near Interstate 49 in Rogers 4,526 views Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info 4,235 views Fort Smith official admits recycling issue began in June, questions arise about funding support for program 1,464 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment Elections News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Diamond Kings Big 22 Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries 47° F Overcast Hi: 64° F Lo: 36° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment Elections News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Filling empty storefronts part of plan to improve City of Girard May 9, 2017 Other recommendations include a special improvement district downtown, upgrading the website, and zoning changes. Youngstown Schools CEO takes heat from city leader, responds May 9, 2017 The Rev. Ken Simon criticized Youngstown Schools CEO Krish Mohip on several issues Tuesday. Mohip later responded. Fire forces Campbell family out of home May 9, 2017 School in Columbiana cleans up Firestone Park for summer May 9, 2017 Austintown crime activity: Man charged with smoking pot at 9/11 Memorial May 9, 2017 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 47° F Overcast Feels Like: 45° F Wind: ENE 5 Humidity: 56% Dewpoint: 32° F Sunrise: 6:10 AM Sunset: 8:28 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Diamond Kings Big 22 Starting Five Latest Headlines Wells pitches a 1-hitter for LaBrae May 9, 2017 The Vikings’ Sam Wells struck out 10 Lakers this evening. Turvey propels Crestview over Memorial May 9, 2017 Crestview improves to 11-10. Poland baseball blanks Ursuline in Sectional Final May 9, 2017 Mineral Ridge’s Devine Redding signs with Chiefs May 9, 2017 Browns and Steelers preseason dates, times, and television coverage May 9, 2017 Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries Search for: Search the site 47° F Overcast Hi: 64° F Lo: 36° F Austintown crime activity: Man charged with smoking pot at 9/11 Memorial Police investigated the following incidents in Austintown from May 2-7: By WKBN Staff Published: May 9, 2017, 5:35 pm Updated: May 9, 2017, 5:37 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Tuesday, May 2 7:50 p.m. – Mahoning Avenue and Raccoon Road, Frank Bond, 23, of Youngstown, charged with drug abuse – marijuana during a traffic stop. Friday, May 5 7:43 a.m. – 3300 block of Allendale Ave. in Youngstown, a woman reported that someone withdrew money from her account from an ATM in Youngstown. She said she believed she was the victim of a credit card skimmer because she still had her card. Saturday, May 6 1:09 a.m. – 6000 block of Mahoning Ave., Regan Jelks, 24, of Youngstown, charged with theft after loss prevention at Walmart reported attempted shoplifting. 1:20 a.m. – 1700 block of S. Raccoon Rd., Joel Schimel, 36, of New Middletown, charged with open container. Police said Schimel was drinking a beer in the parking lot of JRz Pub. 7:42 p.m. – 700 block of Hollywood Dr., Nicholas Pisano, 60, of Canfield, arrested and charged with disorderly conduct. Police said staff at Hollywood Gaming reported that Pisano was intoxicated and causing a disturbance. As security staff escorted Pisano outside, he started poking an employee in the chest and said “I fought bigger people than you, p***y,” according to a police report. After his arrest, Pisano told an officer that he didn’t mean to be threatening, but he disagreed with his arrest and the actions of the employee. Sunday, May 7  2:58 p.m. – 6000 block of Mahoning Ave., Amanda Newcomer, 23, of North Jackson, arrested and charged with theft. An employee at Walmart said Newcomer took several women’s clothing items and shoes and hid them in a purse. When stopped, Newcomer admitted to the theft and said she and her boyfriend needed the items, according to a police report. 5:12 p.m. – 6000 block of Mahoning Ave., Angela Ceroli, 33, of Youngstown, charged with theft at Walmart. A Walmart employee said Ceroli was purposefully not scanning several items at the self-checkout line and an investigation found that she had switched the UPC tags on several pieces of merchandise. Ceroli’s daughter was with her and had to be picked up before Ceroli’s arrest, police said. 9:22 p.m. – 5300 block of Mahoning Ave., Jessica Taylor, 34, arrested at Burger King on a warrant out of Youngstown for failure to comply and disorderly conduct. 9:35 p.m. – S. Raccoon and Burkey roads, Cade Adams, 21, arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court on a marijuana charge and additionally charged with possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia. Police said Adams was smoking marijuana at the 9/11 Memorial Park. Disclaimer: The following reports do not reflect the total activities or calls received by the Austintown Police Department. Looking for more crime activity? See more communities here: Austintown Boardman Niles Warren Youngstown . Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Austintown crime activity: Man accidentally shot gun through TV, neighbor’s wall Boardman crime activity: Police say man ate cocaine during traffic stop Austintown crime activity: Police officer punched after fight at club Warren crime activity: Suspect punches pregnant woman in stomach on roadway Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Amazon Cuts Free-Shipping Threshold to $25 ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Amazon Cuts Free-Shipping Threshold to $25 By Victoria Craig Published May 09, 2017 Retail FOXBusiness Facebook Twitter Comments Print The price war between Walmart (WMT) and Amazon (AMZN) just got hotter. Continue Reading Below In an effort to lure even more customers to its platform, Amazon this week quietly slashed its threshold for free shipping for non-Prime member by $10. Shoppers who aren’t part of the e-commerce giant’s membership program – which, among other benefits, offers free two-day shipping on all orders regardless of basket size– can now earn free five to eight-day shipping with qualifying orders of $25 or more. Though the company didn’t formally announce the change in its free-shipping threshold, an Amazon spokesperson confirmed the decision to FOX Business on Tuesday, but declined to elaborate on the motivation behind it. Details were also posted on the retail giant’s website. The move comes after Walmart earlier this year rolled out free two-day shipping on orders of $35 or more, and after it dangled even more online-order discounts in front of consumers last month. The Bentonville, Ark.-based company’s Pickup Discount lowered the prices on about 10,000 items for customers who chose to have the order shipped to a physical retail store instead of directing it to their homes. The idea was to create more discounts for shoppers while also lowering shipping costs on the so-called last mile of delivery, which can be the most expensive part of the shipping process. Since purchasing Amazon competitor Jet.com last year, Walmart has moved more aggressively to compete on price with Amazon, a company largely credited with sparking the retail industry’s massive move to online shopping. Now, many younger shoppers – especially those in large cities – rely on Amazon for same or next-day shipping on household goods, groceries, gifts and other merchandise. Shares of Amazon rose as high as $957.89 to a fresh 52-week high on Tuesday after taking the wraps off its Echo Show, the newest device in its Echo hardware lineup.  Related Content Walmart Extends Online Discounts, Cuts More Jobs Amid Pricing War with Amazon After Losing Customers to Walmart and Kroger, Whole Foods Fights to Keep 'Whole Foodies' Walmart Getting Desperate in Struggle to Play Catch-up with Amazon? What do you think? Click the button below to comment on this article. Show comments Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics Filmmakers reflect on long-term effects of Japanese internment Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Economic devastation and loss of life have become the norm in Northeast Arkansas when flood waters surge Fort Smith Police Department may add lieutenants, grant writer in restructuring proposal Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics Filmmakers reflect on long-term effects of Japanese internment Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Economic devastation and loss of life have become the norm in Northeast Arkansas when flood waters surge Fort Smith Police Department may add lieutenants, grant writer in restructuring proposal Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week New House Minority Leader Whitaker taking balanced approach to battles AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping The Supply Side: Fayetteville entrepreneurs gear up for Wal-Mart’s fourth ‘Open Call’ ArcBest reports $7.40 million loss, stock down 20% Johnelle Hunt tells life story to trucking executives, ATA members Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us XNA responds to passenger growth with $35 million parking deck BusinessNorthwest ArkansasTourism by Jeff Della Rosa (JDellaRosa@nwabj.com) 13 hours ago 647 views  Tags: Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport 0 SHARES Share Tweet The start of spring break, Wal-Mart Stores’ annual shareholders meeting, and vendor events the retailer hosts are examples of peak periods at the Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport (XNA) in Highfill. “We have actually run out of [parking] spaces a time or two in the past year,” XNA board member Philip Taldo said. But it’s those key moments for which the airport must plan. “That’s when you want to do a good job,” Taldo said. “You want to put on a good face for them.” The rise in airline passengers at Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport has led to increased parking demand. Between 2011 and 2016, total passengers rose 19% to 1.33 million, from 1.12 million. Enplanements, or the number of people flying out, increased at the same rate to 669,487, from 562,747. People deplaning, or those flying to XNA, was up 18% to 668,555, from 565,162. By comparison, enplanements at Tulsa International Airport have been flat at 1.35 million, over the same period. For 2017, XNA had previously projected enplanements would rise 4%. So far, they’re up 8%. “Seventy percent of our traffic out there is business people,” Taldo said. “And they like to get in, get parked and move pretty fast and have a convenient experience there.” Over the past 15 years, XNA has worked to keep the lots from being overly full by adding more than 2,500 parking spaces. Recently, XNA officials signed off on a $35 million, four-story parking deck to boost the total number of spaces by 34% to 4,631. The project has been in the works for the past three to four years, Taldo said. Northwest Arkansas Regional Airport is building the deck to keep parking near the terminal, improve operations for rental car companies and allow for covered parking, a first at XNA. “It offers that premium product,” airport director Kelly Johnson said. “We’re excited.” The parking deck is expected to be completed in August 2018. The first floor of the deck will be for rental cars, and the remaining floors will be for passengers. Plans are in the works for another parking deck exclusively for rental cars, and construction on it might start in three to five years, Taldo said. Along with the second parking deck, an airport access road is also in the works. The plan was for the road to run from the Springdale bypass to the south entrance of the airport. But the project has been “mired in environmental studies, and there’s a lot of things going on in that area,” Taldo said. Funding is also an issue because the Federal Aviation Administration doesn’t provide money for projects that aren’t exclusively for airport use. One option, Taldo said, is to see whether the state and the FAA would partner on the road project. “We think that’s a win-win situation going forward.” TWO WORK CREWS Nabholz started construction on the four-story parking deck in mid-Jan., said Jeff Gattis, senior project manager. Crews have been preparing its pad. The structure will be made of concrete, and columns should start being poured in about two months. Gattis said the most challenging aspect of the project is how close it will be built to the airport terminal. The site won’t allow for mobile cranes, so two tower cranes must be placed. A temporary road for construction traffic has also been built. The number of workers who will build the parking deck will vary. It’s about 30 people per day now, but it will rise to as many as 200 when the concrete work starts. “It’s such a big floor plan it will facilitate having two crews,” Gattis said. The nearly 500,000-square-foot parking deck will be the largest one Gattis has overseen construction of, and it’s also his first airport parking deck. He previously oversaw construction of a 380,000-square-foot parking deck in Missouri. Some features of the XNA parking deck will include a bank of three elevators in the northeast corner nearest to the terminal, numerous stairwells, a facade to match the terminal, and aluminum louvers to act as a sunshade system. All spaces including those on the top floor will be covered. Also, a covered walkway will be built leading to the terminal. “It’s going to be a great project, a great addition,” Gattis said. The parking deck will allow rental car companies a covered area for pick up and drop off rental vehicles. Now, the companies use a service lot adjacent to the terminal for pick up and drop off. The companies have 1,546 existing spaces in which to park their cars. In 2017, the airport is expected to receive $2.71 million from rental car operations. KEY REVENUE GENERATOR Parking is the biggest revenue source for XNA. Between 2013 and 2016, parking revenue has risen 41% to $4.96 million. In 2014, the airport started offering valet parking, and “it’s become wildly popular,” Johnson said. Recently, the airport had 73 cars parked in the valet lot overnight, which was “a new record for us.” Valet parking is $16 per day, and is operated by Republic Parking Systems. Passengers flying in can expect to pick up their vehicle at the curb in front of the terminal ready to go. “We spend $125,000 a year on it,” Johnson said. It was a break-even venture, but the airport has started “generating a little bit off of it.” Also, to accommodate those parking in the lots, the airport offers a free shuttle service between the lots and terminal. The company added a second shuttle earlier this year. The short-term lot was built for people who are meeting and greeting airport passengers, but 44% of people using the lot were keeping their vehicles there overnight, Johnson said. This was pushing the “meeters and greeters” to lots further from the terminal. The parking deck will be built on part of the short-term lot and all of the intermediate lot. On Nov. 1, the airport increased its parking rates. “We were a little below market,” Johnson said. The airport’s parking lot operator manages lots across the nation and reviews how the rates compare to other airport lots. Rates have been increased routinely over the years. The daily rate for the parking deck has yet to be determined. In March, the airport started an $800,000 project to expand its employee parking lot, which was “getting tight on space,” Johnson said. It’s also where the vehicles for the valet parking are parked. Some other projects include the addition of a mother’s room for breast feeding mothers and a pet relief area. Those two projects were added in areas for passengers after going through security checkpoints. On April 5, American Airlines started daily, non-stop flights between XNA and Ronald Reagan National Airport in Washington D.C., According to American Airlines’ website, flight time is nearly three hours, and the price for a round-trip ticket was $819 per passenger, departing at 7 p.m. April 16 for Washington and arriving back in Northwest Arkansas at 9:35 p.m. April 23. When asked about airfare rates changes related to rising fuel prices, Johnson said the airlines set the prices. Other new airport amenities include the Core Brewing Co. pub and the Auntie Anne’s pretzel shop, which opened last year. –––––––––––––––––––––– Editor’s note: This story was first published in the May 1 edition of the Northwest Arkansas Business Journal. Comments comments Previous post $500,000 AHTD grant to fund campus beautification project at Shorter College Next post Fort Smith attorney heads new leadership of Arkansas Trial Lawyers Association Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Latest Popular Economic devastation and loss of life have become the norm in Northeast Arkansas when flood waters surge 6 hours ago Fort Smith Police Department may add lieutenants, grant writer in restructuring proposal 7 hours ago Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe 8 hours ago TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics 8 hours ago Filmmakers reflect on long-term effects of Japanese internment 8 hours ago Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem 12,982 views Fort Smith spent an estimated $182,000 running recycling routes while not recycling 4,589 views At Home adding Arkansas location near Interstate 49 in Rogers 4,525 views Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info 4,235 views Fort Smith official admits recycling issue began in June, questions arise about funding support for program 1,464 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Zacks: Analysts Anticipate InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) to Post $0.63 Earnings Per Share Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $117.51 Billion $93.95 Million in Sales Expected for InterDigital, Inc. (IDCC) This Quarter Zacks: Analysts Expect Bank of Hawaii Co. (BOH) to Announce $1.03 Earnings Per Share Brokerages Expect Advantest Corp (ATEYY) to Announce $0.31 EPS James R. Lines Sells 6,000 Shares of Graham Co. (GHM) Stock WSFS Financial Co. (WSFS) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Buy Intersect ENT Inc (XENT) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) Earns “Buy” Rating from BMO Capital Markets Western New England Bancorp Inc (WNEB) Lifted to Buy at Zacks Investment Research vTv Therapeutics Inc (VTVT) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Zacks Investment Research Lowers Wingstop Inc (WING) to Hold Brokers Set Expectations for Curtiss-Wright Corp.’s FY2020 Earnings (CW) Gabelli Weighs in on Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc.’s FY2021 Earnings (HE) Positive Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Neenah Paper (NP) Stock Price RingCentral (RNG) Receiving Favorable Media Coverage, Report Finds Favorable Press Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Kamada (KMDA) Share Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Extremely Likely to Impact Rowan Companies PLC (RDC) Stock Price VF Corp (VFC) Stake Raised by Usca Ria LLC Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. (CMG) Position Cut by OLD National Bancorp IN Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Expected to Post Quarterly Sales of $117.51 Billion May 9th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Consensus Rating Articles - Finance Tweet Analysts expect Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) to report sales of $117.51 billion for the current quarter, Zacks Investment Research reports. Eight analysts have made estimates for Wal-Mart Stores’ earnings, with the highest sales estimate coming in at $119.6 billion and the lowest estimate coming in at $115.64 billion. Wal-Mart Stores reported sales of $115.9 billion in the same quarter last year, which would suggest a positive year-over-year growth rate of 1.4%. The firm is expected to report its next quarterly earnings report before the market opens on Thursday, May 18th. According to Zacks, analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores will report full year sales of $117.51 billion for the current fiscal year, with estimates ranging from $489.29 billion to $497.36 billion. For the next financial year, analysts expect that the company will post sales of $506.4 billion per share, with estimates ranging from $498.83 billion to $512.08 billion. Zacks’ sales calculations are an average based on a survey of sell-side research firms that cover Wal-Mart Stores. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $130.22 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $1.49 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. WMT has been the subject of a number of research reports. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They set a “market perform” rating and a $71.00 price target for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $68.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Zacks Investment Research raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a $63.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $76.45. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this report on another site, it was stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this report can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/09/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-expected-to-post-quarterly-sales-of-117-51-billion.html. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) traded up 1.044% during mid-day trading on Friday, hitting $76.915. The company had a trading volume of 3,049,713 shares. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $72.88 and its 200 day moving average price is $70.35. Wal-Mart Stores has a 52-week low of $62.72 and a 52-week high of $77.05. The firm has a market cap of $233.28 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.561 and a beta of 0.09. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.68%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is 43.48%. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total transaction of $211,500,000.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock worth $1,110,035,611 over the last three months. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. A number of institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Quadrant Capital Group LLC increased its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 38.6% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 4,080 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $279,000 after buying an additional 1,137 shares during the last quarter. Chemung Canal Trust Co. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the third quarter. Chemung Canal Trust Co. now owns 145,524 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $10,495,000 after buying an additional 937 shares in the last quarter. Hartford Financial Management Inc. increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.9% in the third quarter. Hartford Financial Management Inc. now owns 2,261 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $163,000 after buying an additional 85 shares in the last quarter. Ledyard National Bank increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the third quarter. Ledyard National Bank now owns 4,644 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $335,000 after buying an additional 30 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Berkshire Asset Management LLC PA increased its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 14.0% in the third quarter. Berkshire Asset Management LLC PA now owns 114,743 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $8,275,000 after buying an additional 14,083 shares in the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Get a free copy of the Zacks research report on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) For more information about research offerings from Zacks Investment Research, visit Zacks.com Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 49° Full Menu 49° Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Crime May 09, 2017 12:31 PM Woman sought in connection with Wal-Mart theft From CDT staff reports LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story State College police are seeking a woman in connection with an April theft from Wal-Mart. According to police, the woman was observed walking out of the Benner Pike Wal-Mart at about 8:50 a.m. April 27 with a cart of various items. No value was given for the items. The woman was described by police as white, heavyset, in her 30s or 40s with short brown or auburn hair. She was wearing a Steelers hoodie and black pants. Anyone with information is encouraged to contact police at 234-7150 or submit a tip through the police website. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago No parent should have to go through this, Jim Piazza says 3:47 5 days ago No parent should have to go through this, Jim Piazza says 1:34 14 days ago Suspect stretches outside before robbing Dunkin' Donuts 1:19 a month ago Centre County DA discusses rape charges against dentist View More Video Crime Police investigating alleged counterfeit incident at Wal-Mart Charging organizations with crimes not unusual Officer facing 10 felony charges, according to state police Eight more frat members arraigned on charges in death of Timothy Piazza He told police his girlfriend went missing. Now he's facing charges Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman AWE 2017 Announces Keynote Speakers and Agenda for World’s Largest AR+VR Conference SANTA CLARA, Calif., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — AWE (Augmented World Expo), the world’s largest and longest running conference and expo dedicated to augmented and virtual reality, today announced its most comprehensive agenda ever of AR+VR technologists and Fortune 500 keynotes and sessions for AWE 2017. AWE has become the must-attend event focusing on the world-changing power of AR+VR, with individuals and industry coming together to share applications that will profoundly shape the future of work and life. AWE’s extraordinary agenda this year includes 300+ speakers, with keynotes by „Shots of Awe” filmmaker, philosopher and futurist Jason Silva, „The Fourth Transformation” author and Transformative Group partner Robert Scoble, and game designer, author and Carnegie Mellon scholar Jesse Schell. Reflecting the rapid proliferation of AR+VR technologies across all public and private sectors, new additions to the AWE lineup include major mainstream brands, like Audi, the U.S. Olympic Committee, NASA, Boeing, Lowe’s, Shazam, Wayfair, Walmart, 3M, Technicolor and Bosch, as well as technology icons Google, Epson, Huawei, Intel, Microsoft, NVIDIA, Oculus, Unity, Qualcomm, Samsung, Sony and Vuforia. Historically, AWE has annually hosted the longest and most inventive list of AR+VR startups to be seen anywhere, including CN2, innovation.rocks, Kopin, ODG, DAQRI, Meta, RE’FLEKT, Scope AR, twnkls, Wikitude, Zappar and many more. The eighth annual AWE conference will welcome thousands of attendees from around the world to the Santa Clara Convention Center, May 31-June 2. Event details and registration are live at http://www.augmentedworldexpo.com. AR+VR technology industry visionaries – Attendees will hear keynotes and discussion panels on the future of AR+VR consumer and enterprise technology led by industry futurists and pioneers, hardware, software and mainstream brands, and investors and venture capitalists. Noted industry executives scheduled to speak on the AWE stage include: Jim Heppelmann, President & CEO, PTC Rikard Steiber – President Viveport & SVP Virtual Reality, HTC Vive Achin Bhowmik – Vice President & General Manager, Perceptual Computing Group, Intel Zvi Greenstein – General Manager, Nvidia Gaia Dempsey – Co-founder & VP, DAQRI Ralph Osterhout – CEO, Osterhout Design Group Tony Parisi – Global Head of VR/AR, Unity Technologies Mounir Zok – Director of Technology & Innovation, United States Olympic Committee Jerri Ellsworth – Co-founder, castAR Tim Leland – VP Product Management, Qualcomm Jay Wright, President & General Manager, Vuforia, PTC Rachel Sibley – VP Product, Leap Motion Edward Tang – Co-founder & CTO, Avegant Meron Gribetz – Founder & CEO, Meta Max Cecchini – VP Digital Innovation, Luxottica Ana Serrano – Chief Digital Officer, Canadian Film Centre Tish Shute – Director AR/VR, Corporate Technology Strategy, Huawei Fabio Santini – Chief Product Officer, Shazam Kyle Nel – Executive Director of Lowe’s Innovation Labs, Lowe’s Home Improvement John C.C. Fan – CEO & Chairman of the Board, Kopin Corporation Richard Lucquet – Head of AR/VR Product & Strategy, Verizon Gary Radburn – Director of VR/AR, Dell Tom Furness – Founder, Virtual Worlds Society Ruth Bram – Producer, Oculus/Facebook Steven Feiner – Professor, Columbia University More than 300 breakout sessions covering many of AR+VR tech’s hottest topics – Sessions will be presented from AR+VR thought leaders on best practices and uses cases of AR+VR within the consumer and enterprise space along with workshops tailored for designers and developers on creating content for these technologies. AWE 2017 sessions cover a wide range of topics including manufacturing, training, transportation, retail, healthcare, aerospace, media, entertainment, marketing and advertising and more. Supporting quotes „Together, iconic technology companies, Fortune 500 brands and pure platform startups are building groundbreaking experiences and business models using augmented and virtual reality, at a pace we’ve never seen before,” said Ori Inbar, founder and executive producer of AWE. „We are excited to have AWE back in Silicon Valley this year for what we expect to be our biggest and most inclusive event yet. AWE has become the premier deal-making marketplace for the AR+VR industry, where Fortune 500 companies find business solutions, strategic partnerships are forged, funds raised, talent hired, and new startups are born.” „IDC* recently projected that the augmented and virtual reality spend will grow from $6.1 billion last year to $143.3 billion by 2020,” said Tom Emrich, partner, Super Ventures and co-producer of AWE. „This implies an imminent seismic shift in AR+VR technology use from primarily consumer entertainment and retail experiences to the broader world of sales, training, field work, energy, military and medical applications—all of which echo the theme for this year’s event ‚Superpowers to Change the World.'”  „The augmented reality revolution fulfills the dream of turning our minds inside out,” said Jason Silva, „Shots of Awe” filmmaker and AWE 2017 keynoter. „With applications and experiences poised to transform every facet of modern life, I am very excited to participate in this year’s AWE.” In search for the best-of-the-best in AR+VR with the Auggie Awards Each year, companies big and small pave the way for the continued success of AR+VR through unexpected innovations. The coveted Auggie Awards have recognized these contributions annually since 2010. Now in its 8th year, the Auggies continue to showcase the best-of-the-best with 200 nominations across 10 categories.  Public voting is open April 29 to May 22 via the Auggie Awards portal. Winners will be announced at AWE USA 2017 on June 1, 2017. More about Augmented World Expo AWE (Augmented World Expo) is the largest AR+VR conference and expo showcasing technologies which are augmenting our human capabilities, turning ordinary experiences into the extraordinary and empowering people to be better at anything they do in work and life: Superpowers to the People. AWE USA 2017 will feature over 300 speakers and 200 exhibitors leading the charge in augmented and virtual reality. Join over PTC attendees to explore over 100,000 square feet of cutting-edge demonstrations. For more information and to register to attend, please visit www.augmentedworldexpo.com. Journalists can request a complimentary press pass to Augmented Reality Expo 2017 by emailing jennifer@lightspeedpr.com. Please follow Augmented World Expo on twitter at @ARealityEvent and #AWE2017. More about Augmentedreality.org AWE is produced by AugmentedReality.ORG a 501 (c) (6) non-profit organization. All profits are reinvested in AR.ORG‚s services. Its mission is to Advance Augmented Reality to Advance Humanity. It’s Goal: 1 billion active users of AR by 2020. AR.org facilitates and catalyzes the global and regional transformation of the AR industry by Educating and boosting awareness about the real power of AR  Connecting the best talent around the world with the best in AR  Hatching AR initiatives and helping bring them to market *Source: IDC Worldwide Semiannual Augmented and Virtual Reality Spending Guide, February 2017 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/awe-2017-announces-keynote-speakers-and-agenda-for-worlds-largest-arvr-conference-300454339.html SOURCE Augmented World Expo Related Links http://www.augmentedworldexpo.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious National Western Life Group, Inc. Announces 2017 First Quarter Earnings Next PostNext 1450 Franklin, San Francisco’s Highly Anticipated Boutique Condominium Property, Achieves 70 Percent Sold Milestone Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
11 local supermarkets among 76 to start selling beer June 30 | CTV Kitchener News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel Search CTV Kitchener Search X News Video Weather Guelph More Connect MyNews OTHER CITIES Sections Latest Weather News at Noon Guests Guelph News Shows CTV News at Noon CTV News at Six CTV News at 11:30 Features Financial Fix Local Hero Made Right Here On the Roster LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help Features In Pictures Investigates Info Lotto Results Local Contests Links & Numbers Community We're Involved Community Calendar The Pledge Sections Contact Us Bios Social Media Facebook Twitter CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor WATCH LIVE   Special coverage of B.C. provincial election results Advertisement Featured false Darwish in custody: Crying and shaking, or callous? Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Shots fired during Hamilton home invasion Air Date: May 9, 2017 false 97-year-old woman gets first chance to ride a bike Air Date: May 9, 2017 false House for sale has clowns, clowns and more clowns Air Date: May 9, 2017 false YKF 1 of 11 airports linked in new network Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Bridgeport Road poised to carry traffic two ways Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Canadian teens smoke as much as they toke Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Teacher says he was suspended for talking to media Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Temperatures could drop below freezing again Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Video shows Darwish arguing with police officers Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Extended: Ahmed Darwish in police custody Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Teens smoking and toking in equal measure: study Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Airports hoping for big changes over next 30 years Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Inquest into firefighter training deaths underway Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Plans for Ontario Tool and Die site worry neighbours Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Dog dead after Cambridge house fire Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Stroke prevention has positive effect on dementia Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Woman pulled out of burning house dies in hospital Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Family, campus mourning death of student Air Date: May 8, 2017 false 7.5-year sentence for drunk driver in deadly crash Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Victims’ families want drunk driving laws changed Air Date: May 8, 2017 false 10-year-old dancer hits the big time Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Car jumps curb, bursts through fence, hits tree Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Factory site could see big residential development Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Devoted hockey fan Greg Walton remembered Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Widespread area at risk of frost overnight Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Sentencing for Ahmed Darwish underway Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Woman rescued from house as fire spreads Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Downtown Kitchener assault likely random: police Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Doctors urged to avoid prescribing opioids Air Date: May 8, 2017 false Waterloo couple waits to be reunited Air Date: May 7, 2017 false Best baton twirlers compete in Kitchener Air Date: May 7, 2017 false No sight of rain, for now Air Date: May 7, 2017 false Truck catches fire in parking lot Air Date: May 7, 2017 false Sunny skies bring smiles to peoples' faces Air Date: May 7, 2017 false Loved ones remember Elmira man killed in crash Air Date: May 7, 2017 11 local supermarkets among 76 to start selling beer June 30 Cans of beer sit on a shelf at the Real Canadian Superstore in Kitchener on Tuesday, Dec. 15, 2015. (Marc Venema / CTV Kitchener) Ryan Flanagan, CTV Kitchener Published Tuesday, May 9, 2017 10:55AM EDT Seventy-six more grocery stores across Ontario have been approved to start selling beer and cider, including 11 in our part of the province. The province announced the list Tuesday, saying the 76 stores would be legally able to start selling beer as of June 30. The list includes the Sobeys store in Stratford and the Walmart in Woodstock. In both cases, those stores will be the first supermarkets in their cities to be allowed to sell beer. In Kitchener, where the Real Canadian Superstore and Farm Boy already had licences to sell alcohol, two more stores will be added to the list – the Walmart at Fischer-Hallman Road and Ottawa Street, and the Sobeys at Fischer-Hallman Road and Max Becker Drive. Waterloo will have two stores joining the Sobeys at Weber Street and Parkside Drive in alcohol sales, as licences have been granted to the Zehrs at Erb Street and Fischer-Hallman Road, and the Sobeys at Weber Street and Bridgeport Road. Cambridge is seeing its number of beer-selling grocery stores double to four, with the Zehrs on Conestoga Boulevard and Farm Boy joined by the FreshCo on Hespeler Road and Walmart on Pinebush Road. The same doubling is happening in Cambridge, where pre-existing beer shelves at the Metro supermarket and the Clair Road Food Basics location will be joined by the Zehrs stores on Paisley and Eramosa roads. Rounding out the list of local stores approved for beer sales is the Walmart on King George Road in Brantford, where a nearby Farm Boy and Food Basics are already selling beer. Beer and cider sales have slowly been introduced to Ontario supermarkets since 2015. Tuesday’s announcement brings the total number of stores in the province allowed to sell beer to 206. The province expects that number to rise to 450 over time. Related Stories Beer, cider to be sold in 80 more grocery stores in Ontario this summer Local grocery stores among 58 now able to sell beer MyNews If you are on the scene of breaking news and capture it with your mobile device, share your pictures or video with MyNews. You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. MOST WATCHED false Darwish in custody: Crying and shaking or callous? Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Extended: Ahmed Darwish in police custody Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Shots fired during Hamilton home invasion Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Man spends last night outside as 90 days ends Air Date: May 6, 2017 false House for sale has clowns, clowns and more clowns Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Family, campus mourning death of student Air Date: May 8, 2017 false CTV News at 11:30 Kitchener for Tuesday, May 9, 2017 Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Loved ones remember Elmira man killed in crash Air Date: May 7, 2017 false Woman pulled out of burning house dies in hospital Air Date: May 8, 2017 false CTV News at Six Kitchener for Tuesday, May 9, 2017 Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Dog dead after Cambridge house fire Air Date: May 9, 2017 false Chaos over cancelled flights in Fort Lauderdale Air Date: May 9, 2017 More stories from CTV Kitchener 'Somebody died?' Video shows Darwish on night of deadly crash Local senior gets the chance to ride a bike for the first time in her life Two-car crash sends both drivers to hospital with serious injuries Work underway to temporarily make part of Bridgeport Road two-way Home for sale features 2 bedrooms, 1 bathrooms and 'clowns everywhere' 37,750 brown trout to be released into local waterways Kitchener Weather Change city 5 °COvercast Connect with CTV Kitchener Advertisement CTV News Video Network false LIVE NOW: Special coverage of B.C. provincial election false Don Meredith quits Senate 24 hours before vote to oust him false Waters begin to recede as some resist evacuation orders false Dozens of cancellations leads to brawl at Florida airport false Trump's sudden firing of Comey leaves Russia probe in limbo Advertisement Most popular stories 1 11 local supermarkets among 76 to start selling beer June 30 2 'Somebody died?' Video shows Darwish on night of deadly crash 3 3 No injuries reported in a fire that gutted a Cambridge home 1 4 Home for sale features 2 bedrooms, 1 bathrooms and 'clowns everywhere' 2 5 Two-car crash sends both drivers to hospital with serious injuries 6 Teens using marijuana and cigarettes daily at same rate, UW study finds 2 7 Local senior gets the chance to ride a bike for the first time in her life 1 8 Dutch princess to visit Stratford this weekend 1 9 Teacher disciplined for pushing anti-vaccine views suspended for talking to media 1 10 37,750 brown trout to be released into local waterways Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Pocket Games Inc, Subsidiary Kicksend Relaunches its Million User Photo App Pocket Games Kicks its Photo App Back into Play with its Launch Today NEW YORK, NY / ACCESSWIRE / May 9, 2017 / Pocket Games, Inc. (OTC PINK: PKGM) is pleased to announce that it has now released its the ‚Kicksend’ photo app and it is available again to its 1m+ user base. CEO, David Lovatt, stated, „We have taken our time to go back out to market with the Kicksend photo app for the simple reason that it had to be right; we had to get the right partners to go back out to market with. Now the release is out in the market, I can focus on our next big opportunity.” At its peak, Kicksend was achieving revenues in excess of $2m per year and with the recently announced integration of FujiFilm, Kicksend stands out from the crowd with a simple and fast way to print out high quality photos either for collection at Walmart or delivered directly to the home – globally! About Pocket Games, Inc. Pocket Games, Inc. is a video games services, development and publishing Company. It is alternative reporting and is listed on the OTC Market under the symbol (OTC PINK: PKGM). Formed in 2013, the Company has developed games for third parties and has recently acquired Kicksend Holdings and Social Technology Holdings (Viximo). About Kicksend Kicksend is a mobile app that provides an easy solution for printing and sending photographs. Kicksend platform is complete with social tools, multiple payment options, one click purchasing and a robust virtual currency system. The company has recently signed an agreement with Fujifilm for their Global Home Delivery Service as well as well as continuing to supply collection through its partnership with Walmart. For more information, go to www.kicksend.com. Forward-Looking Statements This press release may contain forward-looking statements, including information about management’s view of Pocket Games, Inc.’s future expectations, plans and prospects. In particular, when used in the preceding discussion, the words „believes,” „expects,” „intends,” „plans,” „anticipates,” or „may,” and similar conditional expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Any statements made in this news release other than those of historical fact, about an action, event or development, are forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the results of Pocket Games, its subsidiaries and concepts to be materially different than those expressed or implied in such statements. Unknown or unpredictable factors also could have material adverse effects on Pocket Games’ future results. The forward-looking statements included in this press release are made only as of the date hereof. Pocket Games cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Finally, Pocket Games undertakes no obligation to update these statements after the date of this release, except as required by law, and also takes no obligation to update or correct information prepared by third parties that are not paid for by Pocket Games. Contact: [email protected] Web: www.pocketgamesinc.com SOURCE: Pocket Games, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Asetek Wins Two Data Center Orders From OEM Partner Valued at One Million USD Next PostNext Global Athletic Footwear Sales Market Report 2017 – Customer Trends, Demands, Reviews, Industry Growth, Sales, Production, Revenues Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Social Play USA to Acquire Next-generation Remote Mobile Payment Technology LAS VEGAS, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Social Play USA, Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets; Symbol SPLY), (‚Social Play’ or the ‚Company’) announces that it has entered into a binding Letter Of Intent (‚LOI’) with Spot and Pay Inc. (‚Spot&Pay’) of Henderson, Nevada. The binding LOI covers the acquisition of a unique and robust consumer mobile payment application predicated on the rapidly expanding use of QR codes for individual product purchases, charitable giving, and bill payment options. Spot&Pay is a mobile payment application that is used in connection with third party QR codes that have been generated for specific uses; i.e. individual consumer products, specific services or group of services offered to the general public, B2B product and service offerings, monetary donations to charitable organizations, and quick and easy bill payments on recurring monthly accounts. QR codes allow consumers a quick, simple, and paperless method of making purchases, donating to their favorite charity, and paying bills. The process relies on setting up a Spot&Pay mobile payment account attached to a credit card or direct debit account and then simply scanning a QR code with a mobile device for a particular product or service the consumer wishes to purchase. The Spot&Pay application will instantly facilitate the order and purchase of the product associated with the QR code and pay for it from the pre-designated method of payment set up by the user. The most unique aspect of the Spot&Pay application is the ability to purchase products remotely, without having to visit a website or physically attending a retail establishment. This is accomplished simply by scanning a product’s QR code wherever it can be seen; such as from a bus shelter advertisement or other media, i.e. television or computer screen situated in a public space. While QR Codes have been used for years in direct marketing, they are only quite recently being used more widely for mobile, remote purchasing, banking, and payments. Wal-Mart, which introduced QR code payment solutions as part of its Wal-Mart Pay feature in 2015, reports that usage of its internal application was up 45% as of July 2016, with 38% of payments coming from repeat users in all of its 4,600+ stores nationwide. This evolution speaks to the growing acceptance of QR Codes as a more sophisticated tool for problem solving and information delivery. Under the terms of the LOI the Company will acquire an initial thirty percent (30%) interest in Spot and Pay Inc. and the Spot&Pay mobile payment technology for $300,000. The Company also has an Exclusive Option to Purchase (the ‚Option’) the remaining seventy percent (70%) of Spot&Pay by issuing common shares in the capital of the Company valued at $700,000. The exact number of shares to be issued will be determined by the five day average trading price of the Company’s shares prior to the date of exercising the Option. Social Play USA is a business to business solutions provider for online companies; providing marketing, monetization, and support services for companies in the mobile applications marketplace. This news release was prepared on behalf of the Board of Directors, which accepts full responsibility for its contents. For more information please contact Investor Relations at +1-855-780-4878 or info@socialplayusa.com Robert Rosner President & CEO Forward-looking Statement: This news release contains „forward-looking statements,” as that term is defined in section 27a of the united states securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements in this news release, which are not purely historical, are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Except for the historical information presented herein, matters discussed in this news release contain forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that include such words as „estimate,” „anticipate,” „believe,” „plan” or „expect” or similar statements are forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties for the company include, but are not limited to, the risks associated with software development, sales & marketing, and funding as well as the risks shown in the company’s most recent annual and quarterly reports filed and published on http://www.sec.gov, respectively, and from time-to-time in other publicly available information regarding the company. Other risks include risks associated with the regulatory approval process, competitive companies, future capital requirements and the Company’s ability and level of support for its exploration and development activities. There can be no assurance that the Company’s software development, sales & marketing efforts will succeed and the company will ultimately achieve commercial success. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and the company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although the company believes that the beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this news release are reasonable, there can be no assurance those beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate. Investors should consider all of the information set forth herein and should also refer to the risk factors disclosed in the company’s periodic reports filed and published from time-to-time on http://www.otcmarkets.com this news release has been prepared by management of the company who takes full responsibility for its contents. No securities regulatory authority has approved or disapproved of the contents of this news release. This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. SocialPlay USA, Inc. 8275 S. Eastern Avenue, Las Vegas, NV 89123 T: +1(702) 430-2850   info@socialplayusa.com | http://www.socialplayusa.com SOURCE Social Play USA, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAcquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hood® Milk Sportsmanship Scholarship® Awarded to High School Students Across New England Next PostNext Duas Rodas refuerza estrategia de expansión en el mercado internacional Search Recent Posts New Silkroutes Group Upgrades FY2017 Revenue Forecast for Oil Trading to US$400M from US$310M As Energy Unit Turns in Another Strong Quarter BUYINS.NET: MODN SqueezeTrigger Price is $11.96. There is $16,524,885 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Trina Solar Race Car Goes to Egypt EPA Awards Oklahoma $855,000 to Protect Water Quality EPA Awards Oklahoma $855,000 to Protect Water Quality RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SocialPlay USA, Inc. (SPLY: OTC Pink Current) | Social Play USA to Acquire Next-generation Remote Mobile Payment Technology LAS VEGAS, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Social Play USA, Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets; Symbol SPLY), (‚Social Play’ or the ‚Company’) announces that it has entered into a binding Letter Of Intent (‚LOI’) with Spot and Pay Inc. (‚Spot&Pay’) of Henderson, Nevada. The binding LOI covers the acquisition of a unique and robust consumer mobile payment application predicated on the rapidly expanding use of QR codes for individual product purchases, charitable giving, and bill payment options. Spot&Pay is a mobile payment application that is used in connection with third party QR codes that have been generated for specific uses; i.e. individual consumer products, specific services or group of services offered to the general public, B2B product and service offerings, monetary donations to charitable organizations, and quick and easy bill payments on recurring monthly accounts. QR codes allow consumers a quick, simple, and paperless method of making purchases, donating to their favorite charity, and paying bills. The process relies on setting up a Spot&Pay mobile payment account attached to a credit card or direct debit account and then simply scanning a QR code with a mobile device for a particular product or service the consumer wishes to purchase. The Spot&Pay application will instantly facilitate the order and purchase of the product associated with the QR code and pay for it from the pre-designated method of payment set up by the user. The most unique aspect of the Spot&Pay application is the ability to purchase products remotely, without having to visit a website or physically attending a retail establishment. This is accomplished simply by scanning a product’s QR code wherever it can be seen; such as from a bus shelter advertisement or other media, i.e. television or computer screen situated in a public space. While QR Codes have been used for years in direct marketing, they are only quite recently being used more widely for mobile, remote purchasing, banking, and payments. Wal-Mart, which introduced QR code payment solutions as part of its Wal-Mart Pay feature in 2015, reports that usage of its internal application was up 45% as of July 2016, with 38% of payments coming from repeat users in all of its 4,600+ stores nationwide. This evolution speaks to the growing acceptance of QR Codes as a more sophisticated tool for problem solving and information delivery. Under the terms of the LOI the Company will acquire an initial thirty percent (30%) interest in Spot and Pay Inc. and the Spot&Pay mobile payment technology for $300,000. The Company also has an Exclusive Option to Purchase (the ‚Option’) the remaining seventy percent (70%) of Spot&Pay by issuing common shares in the capital of the Company valued at $700,000. The exact number of shares to be issued will be determined by the five day average trading price of the Company’s shares prior to the date of exercising the Option. Social Play USA is a business to business solutions provider for online companies; providing marketing, monetization, and support services for companies in the mobile applications marketplace. This news release was prepared on behalf of the Board of Directors, which accepts full responsibility for its contents. For more information please contact Investor Relations at +1-855-780-4878 or info@socialplayusa.com Robert Rosner President & CEO Forward-looking Statement: This news release contains „forward-looking statements,” as that term is defined in section 27a of the united states securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements in this news release, which are not purely historical, are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Except for the historical information presented herein, matters discussed in this news release contain forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that include such words as „estimate,” „anticipate,” „believe,” „plan” or „expect” or similar statements are forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties for the company include, but are not limited to, the risks associated with software development, sales & marketing, and funding as well as the risks shown in the company’s most recent annual and quarterly reports filed and published on http://www.sec.gov, respectively, and from time-to-time in other publicly available information regarding the company. Other risks include risks associated with the regulatory approval process, competitive companies, future capital requirements and the Company’s ability and level of support for its exploration and development activities. There can be no assurance that the Company’s software development, sales & marketing efforts will succeed and the company will ultimately achieve commercial success. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and the company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although the company believes that the beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this news release are reasonable, there can be no assurance those beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate. Investors should consider all of the information set forth herein and should also refer to the risk factors disclosed in the company’s periodic reports filed and published from time-to-time on http://www.otcmarkets.com this news release has been prepared by management of the company who takes full responsibility for its contents. No securities regulatory authority has approved or disapproved of the contents of this news release. This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. SocialPlay USA, Inc. 8275 S. Eastern Avenue, Las Vegas, NV 89123 T: +1(702) 430-2850   info@socialplayusa.com | http://www.socialplayusa.com SOURCE Social Play USA, Inc. Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsSocialPlay USA, Inc. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LiveWorld, Inc. (LVWD: OTC Pink Limited) | Messaging App Marketing to Coveted Mobile Audiences is Easier with LiveWorld Platform Additions Next PostNext Brother Movers Offers Affordable Storage Solutions for Customers in the Midst of Moving Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SocialPlay USA, Inc. (SPLY: OTC Pink Current) | Social Play USA to Acquire Next-generation Remote Mobile Payment Technology LAS VEGAS, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Social Play USA, Inc. (OTC Pink Sheets; Symbol SPLY), (‚Social Play’ or the ‚Company’) announces that it has entered into a binding Letter Of Intent (‚LOI’) with Spot and Pay Inc. (‚Spot&Pay’) of Henderson, Nevada. The binding LOI covers the acquisition of a unique and robust consumer mobile payment application predicated on the rapidly expanding use of QR codes for individual product purchases, charitable giving, and bill payment options. Spot&Pay is a mobile payment application that is used in connection with third party QR codes that have been generated for specific uses; i.e. individual consumer products, specific services or group of services offered to the general public, B2B product and service offerings, monetary donations to charitable organizations, and quick and easy bill payments on recurring monthly accounts. QR codes allow consumers a quick, simple, and paperless method of making purchases, donating to their favorite charity, and paying bills. The process relies on setting up a Spot&Pay mobile payment account attached to a credit card or direct debit account and then simply scanning a QR code with a mobile device for a particular product or service the consumer wishes to purchase. The Spot&Pay application will instantly facilitate the order and purchase of the product associated with the QR code and pay for it from the pre-designated method of payment set up by the user. The most unique aspect of the Spot&Pay application is the ability to purchase products remotely, without having to visit a website or physically attending a retail establishment. This is accomplished simply by scanning a product’s QR code wherever it can be seen; such as from a bus shelter advertisement or other media, i.e. television or computer screen situated in a public space. While QR Codes have been used for years in direct marketing, they are only quite recently being used more widely for mobile, remote purchasing, banking, and payments. Wal-Mart, which introduced QR code payment solutions as part of its Wal-Mart Pay feature in 2015, reports that usage of its internal application was up 45% as of July 2016, with 38% of payments coming from repeat users in all of its 4,600+ stores nationwide. This evolution speaks to the growing acceptance of QR Codes as a more sophisticated tool for problem solving and information delivery. Under the terms of the LOI the Company will acquire an initial thirty percent (30%) interest in Spot and Pay Inc. and the Spot&Pay mobile payment technology for $300,000. The Company also has an Exclusive Option to Purchase (the ‚Option’) the remaining seventy percent (70%) of Spot&Pay by issuing common shares in the capital of the Company valued at $700,000. The exact number of shares to be issued will be determined by the five day average trading price of the Company’s shares prior to the date of exercising the Option. Social Play USA is a business to business solutions provider for online companies; providing marketing, monetization, and support services for companies in the mobile applications marketplace. This news release was prepared on behalf of the Board of Directors, which accepts full responsibility for its contents. For more information please contact Investor Relations at +1-855-780-4878 or info@socialplayusa.com Robert Rosner President & CEO Forward-looking Statement: This news release contains „forward-looking statements,” as that term is defined in section 27a of the united states securities act of 1933, as amended, and section 21e of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Statements in this news release, which are not purely historical, are forward-looking statements and include any statements regarding beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions regarding the future. Except for the historical information presented herein, matters discussed in this news release contain forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such statements. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements that are preceded by, followed by, or that include such words as „estimate,” „anticipate,” „believe,” „plan” or „expect” or similar statements are forward-looking statements. Risks and uncertainties for the company include, but are not limited to, the risks associated with software development, sales & marketing, and funding as well as the risks shown in the company’s most recent annual and quarterly reports filed and published on http://www.sec.gov, respectively, and from time-to-time in other publicly available information regarding the company. Other risks include risks associated with the regulatory approval process, competitive companies, future capital requirements and the Company’s ability and level of support for its exploration and development activities. There can be no assurance that the Company’s software development, sales & marketing efforts will succeed and the company will ultimately achieve commercial success. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this news release, and the company assumes no obligation to update the forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons why actual results could differ from those projected in the forward-looking statements. Although the company believes that the beliefs, plans, expectations and intentions contained in this news release are reasonable, there can be no assurance those beliefs, plans, expectations or intentions will prove to be accurate. Investors should consider all of the information set forth herein and should also refer to the risk factors disclosed in the company’s periodic reports filed and published from time-to-time on http://www.otcmarkets.com this news release has been prepared by management of the company who takes full responsibility for its contents. No securities regulatory authority has approved or disapproved of the contents of this news release. This news release shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. SocialPlay USA, Inc. 8275 S. Eastern Avenue, Las Vegas, NV 89123 T: +1(702) 430-2850   info@socialplayusa.com | http://www.socialplayusa.com SOURCE Social Play USA, Inc. Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsSocialPlay USA, Inc. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LiveWorld, Inc. (LVWD: OTC Pink Limited) | Messaging App Marketing to Coveted Mobile Audiences is Easier with LiveWorld Platform Additions Next PostNext Brother Movers Offers Affordable Storage Solutions for Customers in the Midst of Moving Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments10 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it 2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Local ‘Upskirting’ incident reported at Walmart store in Manassas, Va. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Dana Hedgpeth By Dana Hedgpeth May 9 at 7:55 AM Follow @postmetrogirl A 23-year-old woman said a man “upskirted” her in a Walmart store in Manassas, Va. The incident happened just before 2 p.m. Thursday at the store on Liberia Avenue. The victim told police she was shopping when she “felt something touch her skirt.” When she looked around, she saw a man she did not know “holding a cellphone under her skirt,” police said in a statement. When the woman tried to confront the man, he fled the store. Police said he was last seen in a black Lexus SUV. The woman was not injured in the incident. Police in Prince William County gave a brief description of the man. He is said to be a black man who is 6-feet tall with a thin build and black colored hair. His age was not known, and he was last seen wearing blue jeans, a gray shirt and black shoes, according to police. Anyone with information is asked to call police at 703-670-3700. local public-safety Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters local public-safety Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 10 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Dana Hedgpeth is a Post reporter, working the early morning, reporting on traffic, crime and other local issues. Follow @postmetrogirl 10 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Furious passengers clash with Spirit Airlines employees and police at Fort Lauderdale airport 2 President Trump’s lawyers on revised travel ban repeatedly asked about campaign promises 3 Perspective You say you’re pro-life, but then you want to limit health care for my disabled son 4 Exhuming a dark past: Mississippi State Lunatic Asylum’s 7,000 coffins 5 Analysis A disturbing truth about medical school — and America’s future doctors The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game local public-safety Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters More crime and safety news Md. man charged with murder in shootings that left one dead, three wounded Man dies after being ejected from vehicle in chain-reaction crash in Virginia One person is dead after crash in Alexandria   Search Jobs Featured Jobs sr technician, help desk General Dynamics client development specialist Legal E law firm billing analyst Legal E washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES E3     NES Classic Stock Surfaces Again At Walmart, Target And GameStop Posted: May 9 2017, 5:37am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The Nintendo NES Classic is not sold out yet. Here is where shoppers can find it in May. The discontinued NES Classic Edition can still be found in stock on May 9th. More stores than in past days are flagged again to have the NES Classic Edition in stock. This thing just won't die. Officially the NES Classic Edition is history, according to a Nintendo statement, but retailers are still getting new inventory.  Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock Today there are 62 Walmart stores and 22 Target stores and 4 GameStop stores flagged to have the NES Classic in stock as of 3:30am ET. The number of stores has increased again. It is unclear where these NES Classic units are still coming in. Most consumers have stopped hunting for a NES Classic, making it easier for the remaining die-hards to score a NES when it is in stock. This is only true if they are lucky enough to live next to a store that received a NES shipment. Update: One NES hunter is truly lucky. One of the few Target stores that received a NES Classic today is in Mentor, OH. The store received one unit verified by a comment on nowinstock. As said above, it is wierd that these low volume (one!) shipments still arrive at stores.  NES hunters can check iStockNow for the latest stock updates as well as BrickSeek for Target and Walmart stores. To find NES Classic at ToysRUs stores, shoppers have to visit their local store to find out. Reseller prices for the NES Classic have dropped despite the end of the NES. The lowest priced Nintendo NES Classic console sells for $237.99 plus shipping on amazon.com.  The reseller prices have been over $300 early April, right after the announcement that Nintendo stops making the NES Classic. Find all NES Classic offers and auctions on ebay.com as well as all marketplace offers on amazon.com. NES Classic Edition are cheaper on ebay.com at the moment. The $59.99 Nintendo NES Classic Edition console launched on November 11 in stores and online. The supply was extremely constraint in stores and especially online. On April 13, Nintendo announced to stop production of the NES Classic Edition. Nintendo said that the last shipments of the NES Classic arrive through April. We keep spotting though the $59.99 NES Classic Edition in May. The palm-sized NES console, retailing for $59.99 list price, features the classic Nintendo NES controller many geeks have grown up with. The retro console comes pre-installed with 30 classic NES games including Super Mario Bros., Pac-Man, Metroid, Donkey Kong, The Legend of Zelda and Kirby's Adventures. The NES Classic Edition system is a miniaturized version of the groundbreaking NES, originally released in 1985. The ability to mod the NES Classic and install an unlimited number of games has renewed the hype around the retro console. The latest hack enables the NES Classic to store 2,500 games. The 80s retro console launched on November 11, 2016. As of Aprl 27, 2017, Nintendo has sold 2.3 million NES Classic Edition. Read the latest Nintendo NES Classic updates and find other hard to find products with The Tracker. Updated: 2017-05-10 01:50:04am Offers Nintendo NES Classic Edition Store: Best Buy Price: $59.99 Availability: Nintendo NES Classic Edition Store: Walmart Price: $399 Availability: Nintendo NES Classic Edition Store: Amazon Price: $234.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Amazon Devices Deals on Echo Show, Echo, Kindle and Fire Tablets to End Soon 25 minutes ago E3 2017: Xbox Boss Says Scorpio Launch Will Have No Issues 14 hours ago, 11:21am CDT Google Makes it Easier to Read Offline with Chrome on Android 16 hours ago, 9:41am CDT Nintendo Switch eShop Now Lets You Save Credit Card Info 16 hours ago, 9:24am CDT Amazon Echo Show Is Available for Pre-Order Now 16 hours ago, 9:05am CDT Polluted Areas may Increase the Risk of Cancer, Study Says 10 hours ago, 3:27pm CDT Leopard Sharks are Mysteriously Dying in San Francisco Bay 13 hours ago, 12:27pm CDT Spray Paint Can Turn Any Surface Into A Touchpad 15 hours ago, 10:16am CDT Volkswagen CEO Plans to Surpass Tesla to Become Leader of Electric Cars 16 hours ago, 9:02am CDT Earth was Flat and Almost Entirely Underwater 4.4 Billion Years Ago 16 hours ago, 8:54am CDT Homo Naledi's Surprisingly Young Age Shakes Up Human Family Tree 17 hours ago, 8:51am CDT Daily Dose of Cannabis Reverses Aging in the Brain 18 hours ago, 7:47am CDT New Nintendo Switch Game Releases 18 hours ago, 7:46am CDT Qualcomm Snapdragon 660 and 630 Chips Bring High-End Features to Cheaper Phones 19 hours ago, 5:56am CDT Apple Unveils 3-year Smart Keyboard Repair Policy 19 hours ago, 5:53am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News The Tracker App by I4U News App Finds Rare Products in Stock Online Excitement for Nintendo Switch Pokemon Game Flares Up   The Best Gadgets of 2017 Nintendo Switch Stock Updates on May 8 Technology News Amazon Devices Deals on Echo Show, Echo, Kindle and Fire Tablets to End Soon 25 minutes ago E3 2017: Xbox Boss Says Scorpio Launch Will Have No Issues 14 hours ago, 11:21am CDT Google Makes it Easier to Read Offline with Chrome on Android 16 hours ago, 9:41am CDT Nintendo Switch eShop Now Lets You Save Credit Card Info 16 hours ago, 9:24am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Amazon Devices Deals on Echo Show, Echo, Kindle and Fire Tablets to End Soon 25 minutes ago Polluted Areas may Increase the Risk of Cancer, Study Says 10 hours ago, 3:27pm CDT Leopard Sharks are Mysteriously Dying in San Francisco Bay 13 hours ago, 12:27pm CDT E3 2017: Xbox Boss Says Scorpio Launch Will Have No Issues 14 hours ago, 11:21am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service Review Contests About Podcasts News Staff Contact General News BOONE THE BOUNTY HUNTER – Review By Movie Geeks | May 8, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Tweet Email Tweet Email Review by Mark Longden Coming soon to a VOD platform or Walmart near you is BOONE THE BOUNTY HUNTER , and it’s one you definitely should be checking out. You don’t even need to be like me, a person who loves movies starring wrestlers and good old 90s-style action, to have a good time watching it. John Hennigan is our star / producer / co-writer. After graduating from college with a film degree, he wrestled for WWE under the names Johnny Nitro and John Morrison, and he was pretty good at it; he now works for AAA (a Mexico-based promotion) and Lucha Underground (the MTV wrestling show). But he’s always had a passion for the same sorts of movies I love – 80s / 90s comic action, kung fu, chase movies – and given the chance, he’s made this. He plays Boone, a TV bounty hunter – his resemblance to any famous TV bounty hunters is unknown to this reviewer, because I never watch those shows – with a team of assistants who go round capturing mostly celebrities for stuff like parking tickets (the first criminal brought to justice is none other than Kevin “Angry at Hollywood” Sorbo). This team comprises tech guy Denny (Osric Chau, “Supernatural”), muscle Quinton “Rampage” Jackson (MMA superstar, “The A Team”, playing himself), general sidekick / ass kicker Kat (Spencer Grammer, “Rick and Morty”) and producer Olivia (Dominique Swain, “Lolita”, “Face/Off”, plus a surprising number of modern Eric Roberts movies). Hennigan is a “traceur” – someone who does parkour, apparently – so Boone is too, and we get lots of shots of him demonstrating his skills while chasing down goons. All is going well until…the team is told their show is getting cancelled! Luckily, Boone has an ace up his sleeve, which is a DEA agent who owes him a favour. Corbin Bernsen! I love Corbin Bernsen, and even here, where he was obviously just hired for a day (all his scenes are in one location, tight shots) he’s a lot of fun. Boone’s plan is to do a real case, like the good old days, and Corbin gives him the case of drug dealer Ryan, who’s escaped with his father Cole to the small Mexican town that’s their drug-producing base of operations, after the prostitute he’s with is murdered by Cole’s assistant. That is way too complicated a sentence and I apologise! The majority of the action takes place in that small Mexican town. Will the locals help out Boone, or will Cole’s money keep them quiet as his goons hunt them down? Will Boone be able to save his show and his friends’ lives? In what seems to be becoming a trend, the casting is sort of stunt-y. Ryan is played by Jonathan Lipnicki (the kid from “Jerry Maguire”); the dad, Cole, is Richard Tyson; the local barman is Lorenzo Lamas (complete with a scar that looks bright-red and fresh, but is clearly supposed to be old); and showing up as a former victim of Boone in blink-and-you’ll-miss-him cameo is Tiny Lister, who was only there to promote, via a t-shirt, his faith-based charity. My favourite of the non-stunt casting was Cole’s assistant, Tess, played by the excellent Jane Park Smith, who’s done lots of episodes of TV but hasn’t had a chance to shine in bigger movies and deserves the chance. There’s lots to appreciate. The scene where Boone falls down a hill is hilarious, and it treats some of the hoariest old tropes in movie history with an appropriately light tone, such as the “hey, something metal in my pocket luckily stopped that bullet” thing. I also expected to get tired of the endless plays on his name – “you got Booned”; “Boone-atics” and so on – but I didn’t. Kudos, movie! As would be expected from a pro wrestler with a parkour background, he’s a great on-screen fighter, too, and surrounds himself with lots of similarly talented guys. Plus, it’s a huge thumbs up to the movie that Hennigan appears to do most of his own stunts, allowing the camera to go wherever it wants. While we’re on the subject of camerawork, kudos also go to Jeffrey R Clark, who appears to have just done TV up to now. He films the fights very well, you know exactly who everyone is, where they are in relation to each other (not always a given), and gives them a great flow. So, it’s a rip-roaring good fun adventure with a star who is a little bit of polish away from a legit movie career in comedies and action movies. If I was looking for stuff to criticise, I’d say the dialogue is the weakest part – the plotting is solid – with a lot of jokes falling flat and conversations that go nowhere (the whiff of poor-quality improvisation can be detected, perhaps). But everyone tries their best with what they have. I hope there are future Boone movies, and I hope someone with a few $$$ gets on board for the next one. A few big effects and stronger dialogue and this would be a complete gem; as it is, it’s still great and is definitely worth a few of your entertainment dollars. BOONE THE BOUNTY HUNTER will release on VOD platforms on May 9th and on DVD June 6th. Related ItemsBOONE THE BOUNTY HUNTERCorbin BernsenDominique SwainJohn HenniganSpencer Grammer Movie Geeks ← Previous Story Watch The New Trailer For BLADE RUNNER 2049 – Hits Theaters October 6 Next Story → Wong Kar-Wai’s MY BLUEBERRY NIGHTS Screening Thursday at Webster University You may also like... 6 WAYS TO DIE – The Review Farley Brothers Join Matthew Perry Comedy THE WHOLE BANANA THE BIG YEAR – The Review Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service WeAreMovieGeeks is a Movie News & Reviews resource Copyright © 2013 Lanier Media Latest News THE NEW ADVENTURES OF ALADDIN On VOD May 16th WAMG Giveaway – Win THE SPACE BETWEEN US Blu-ray BAD RAP- Documentary Opening on VOD May 23rd Oscar Winner Steve McQueen To Direct TUPAC SHAKUR Documentary Wong Kar-Wai’s MY BLUEBERRY NIGHTS Screening Thursday at Webster University BOONE THE BOUNTY HUNTER – Review Tags Review paramount pictures Warner Bros. Pictures Film festival SLIFF 20th Century Fox marvel Comedy Johnny Depp Documentary Universal Pictures brad pitt disney Trailer Horror The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Steven Spielberg michael bay Oscars saint louis Robert Downey Jr. Seth Rogen Samuel L Jackson mark wahlberg Tom Cruise Hugh Jackman Gary Oldman Quentin Tarantino Scarlett Johansson lionsgate
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 65° View Live Radar Thu H 88° L 63° Fri H 75° L 58° Sat H 73° L 51° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Community members, leaders discuss food crisis, Westside Shop closure at produce giveaway Community members, leaders discuss food crisis, Westside Shop closure at produce giveaway May 10th, 2017 by Zack Peterson in Local Regional News Aysja Pryor talks to people who have come to get food Tuesday, May 9, 2017 on Grove Street. Pryor is angry that the neighborhood grocery store was shut down. Photo by Angela Lewis /Times Free Press. Gallery: Westside feeding stirs conversation among community members, leaders +2 more photos “We need a grocery store in this area, I agree with that. But if we opened up the grocery store tomorrow, it's going to be the same issues.” Councilwoman Demetrus Coonrod Related Article After meeting with DA, Westside Shop property owners offer Chattanooga police rent-free substation Read more Down 12th Street, on the other side of the interstate, and a half mile from the Chattanooga Convention Center, the Marriott and the peaks of downtown, the people come to eat. The residents of the city's Westside are used to this, gathering underneath plastic tents every two weeks for two years to fill their arms with apples and onions and cabbages and candy bars. Most days on Grove Street are a battle against hunger and the crime that comes from it, from a revitalized city and the fear of being pushed out. But life became much harder when authorities closed the Westside Shop last month, residents said. "That hurt a lot of people," said Linda, a 70-year-old woman who did not want to give her last name. "I'd get in my chair and wheel on down here. But now we've got to go way out to Food City in St. Elmo or the Signal Mountain Wal-Mart." Linda was among 100 or so residents who showed up Tuesday to receive free produce from community members and activists who say the shutdown has stripped the Westside of its only food source. Also there was Billy Pitts, 53, who said he found refuge in College Hill Courts a few months ago after he and his daughter could no longer deal with the mold in their Patten Towers home. He used to lean on the shop for snacks and basic necessities. Now he takes the bus for $6 round trip to Roger's Supermarket on Main Street. "I have to keep a lot of quarters," Pitts said as he carried three bags of food in his hands and balanced another two boxes of Zebra Cakes under his arms. Related Article Closure of convenience store on Chattanooga's Westside sparks calls for change Read more Related Article Prosecutors play two videos in hearing against Westside convenience shop Read more Samuel McKinney, 60, who lives in Jaycee Towers, a 190-unit for low-income seniors, subsists on canned goods. "But fresh foods is a different story. You cannot live on canned goods alone. More people than I would like to think about [live like that]," he said. Community members from Concerned Citizens for Justice and the local Nation of Islam say they are concerned about the food crisis, but also what Hamilton County District Attorney General Neal Pinkston's shutdown of the shop represents. "They're not trying to fix anything," Concerned Citizens member Aysja Pryor said to a group of residents gathered underneath a tent. "They're trying to push us out." "They want this property!" one man shouted. "Uh, huh," Pryor replied. Prosecutors say the Westside Shop became a breeding ground for fights, gambling, reports of shots being fired, and occasional burglaries between 2014 and 2016, and that drug deals also sidelined the goal of providing food and necessities. The shop will remain closed until its owners can prove they've taken steps to address those complaints. The next court date is today at 8:30 a.m. before Criminal Court Judge Tom Greenholtz. Last week, the owners offered to sell the empty retail space on Grove Street to the Chattanooga Police Department, which hasn't maintained a substation there since 2003. Those negotiations will begin this week. Kevin Muhammad likened the increase in police oversight to a warzone. "What is this, Afghanistan?" he asked. Others continued to ask similar questions at Tuesday evening's city council meeting. "We've been giving out produce for quite some time," Pryor said. "And there will be times when we have thousands of pounds of produce and we're out in five minutes. There are other times where we come to set up and there's six police cars. There are community members who are literally terrified to be at the site of a police officer." Councilwoman Demetrus Coonrod said the issues of crime and food availability have plagued the west side for a long time, and said she'd like to see further discussion on how to address them. "We need a grocery store in this area, I agree with that," Coonrod said. "But if we opened up the grocery store tomorrow, it's going to be the same issues. It was the same issue when I was 18. The community was starving then, but nobody took time to address the real issues." Muhammad presented a solution, asking the council to partner with him and the food bank to provide $250,000 for a program that would address the individual nutritional needs for Westside families living in hunger. "We've been doing this for 30 years out of our pockets," Muhammad said. "We're only asking for .001 percent of your budget. That's $250,000, just as a PILOT [payment-in-lieu-of-taxes agreement] that we can work together to build some trust. We're asking that you write the check to the Chattanooga Area Food Bank, where 100 percent will go toward food." Council members showed interest in the idea, but did not say whether such an expenditure would be considered. Contact staff writer Zack Peterson at zpeterson@timesfreepress.com or 423-757-6347. Follow him on Twitter @zackpeterson918. Related Article Judge shuts down sandwich shop due to criminal activity Read more More Articles Read next article Hamilton County Mayor Jim Coppinger presents case for more school funding Chattanooga Times Free Press Loading... Latest Articles TRAFFIC ALERT: Cargo fire closes both lanes of Interstate 24 in Marion County Community members, leaders discuss food crisis, Westside Shop closure at produce giveaway Hamilton County Mayor Jim Coppinger presents case for more school funding Walker County school honored for environmental-focused, outdoors education Sequatchie County officials seek help identifying woman's body found April 27 Tennessee teacher who fled with teen appears in Nashville courtroom Chattanooga State hosts 11th Annual Regional Science Olympiad [photo gallery] Tennessee's transportation improvement plan has big changes for I-24/I-75 interchange Catoosa County inmate on the loose after sneaking away during work detail Man with purple dreads arrested for assaulting, robbing woman in East Ridge UPDATE: Missing 5-month-old Ayla Settles has been found Hamilton County Commission discusses school district's budget
ALL SECTIONS Wednesday May 10, 2017 HIDE NEWS TOP STORIES NATIONAL WORLD NEWS PINOY ABROAD FEATURES OPINION EDITORIAL COLUMNS SOUNDBYTES LGUs NCR LUZON VIZAYAS MINDANAO BUSINESS CORPORATE ECONOMY & TRADE STOCKS MONEY AGRI & MINING POWER & TECH BIZ PLUS COLUMNS SPORTS BASKETBALL VOLLEYBALL FIGHTSPORTS ACTIVE SPORTS PLUS STUFFS COLUMNS ENTERTAINMENT TV & MOVIES CELEBRITY PROFILES MUSIC & CONCERTS DIGITAL MEDIA COLUMNS LIFESTYLE FOOD CULTURE & MEDIA FASHION HEALTH AND HOME LEISURE SHOPPING COLUMNS POP.LIFE NEWSMAKERS HANGOUTS A-POP POST ITS PERFORMANCES MALLS & BAZAARS HOBBIES & COLLECTIONS TECHNOLOGY GADGETS COMPUTERS BUSINESS TECH PLUS WHEELS & MORE SEDAN SUV TRUCK BIKE ACCESSORIES MOTORING PLUS COMMUTER'S CORNER HOME & DESIGN RESIDENTIAL COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION INTERIOR SPOTLIGHT GALLERY PHOTOS VIDEOS EVENTS SEMINARS EXHIBITS COMMUNITY ADVERTISE WITH US The Standard NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS Advertise With Us ALL SECTIONS Wednesday May 10, 2017 Advertisement Home   /   NEWS   /   FEATURES West Virginia seeks future -- without coal posted May 10, 2017 at 12:31 pm by  AFP Chuck Nelson spent 30 years underground in nearly every mining job available but today he is in no doubt about it: "There is no future in coal." For the fourth-generation retired miner, the politicians -- Donald Trump chief among them -- who won votes in his native West Virginia on a promise to bring back coal are peddling false hopes. Economists agree: despite a recent uptick, few believe in a lasting revival for a sector that is ever more mechanized, requiring fewer workers, and pummeled by competition with cheap, clean natural gas. So how does a small state with few other industries, where the biggest single employer is Wal-Mart, find a path to replace high-paying albeit dangerous mining jobs? The "Mountain State" just west of the nation's capital long suffered from a condition known as "Dutch disease" -- in economic parlance, the over-reliance on a single product, especially a natural resource, to the exclusion of other industries. "When are we ever going to be economically free, not serfs to the coal industry, unless there is economic diversity," asks the filmmaker Mari-Lynn Evans, whose documentary "Blood on the Mountain" explores the troubled history of the state's coal industry.  - 'Wild and wonderful' - If West Virginia has a competitive advantage besides coal, the most obvious is tourism. Skiing, hiking, white-water rafting and a well-known resort -- site of the underground bunker intended to house the US government in the event of a nuclear war -- make it a vacation destination. Fuelled by a "wild and wonderful" ad campaign, tourism last year generated $4.5 billion in travel spending making it the state's fourth largest industry. But mining companies have used bankruptcies to escape the obligation to restore damaged and polluted land, leaving the state with billions of dollars in restoration costs. Maria Gunnoe lives in the shadow of a mountain-top removal site, just below a slurry pond filled with toxic mine waste. The dam broke a few years ago and just missed wiping out her house at the base of the hollow. The environmental activist talks of catching fish with black ulcers on them, of waking up one morning to find the creek running white, and of the neighbor girl who developed four kinds of cancer -- well aware of studies that point to elevated rates of the disease. "Our streams are spillways," says Gunnoe, who like many locals fears the environmental scars left by a dying industry now threaten one of their best chances at a brighter future. - 'Renaissance' - Amid West Virginia's economic struggle, the state has been hard hit by America's opioid epidemic with the highest rate of overdose deaths in the country. Huntington, where 28 people overdosed, two fatally, in a single day last year, is considered the epicenter of the crisis. But Huntington is also fighting to invent a new future for itself. It was recently named "America's Best Community" winning a $3 million redevelopment prize after a two-year competition against 50 other cities. "We're on the verge of a renaissance," insists Mayor Steve Williams. That rebirth involves deploying high-speed internet -- scarce in the remote state -- turning blighted industrial areas into a new research and development park, and retraining dislocated workers in highly-skilled fields from solar and craft furniture, to organic farming on former strip mine sites. Such revitalization, Williams says, is key to beating the opioid epidemic as well. "If we're going to win on this we have to turn the economy," he says. "As you do that you start to attract investment, put people back to work and give them hope." - Inner colony - While it shares borders with traditional mining states like Kentucky, Pennsylvania and Virginia, West Virginia has perhaps more in common with former colonies, where foreign companies reaped the profits from diamonds or oil and left little to show for it. More than two-thirds of its private land and mineral rights are owned by outside interests, according to the West Virginia Center on Budget and Policy. "It's a colony. It always has been," Ted Boettner, head of the budget center told AFP, who says the state has long been trapped in a "vicious cycle of boom and bust, with a very under-educated, under-invested economy." Boettner points to states such as North Dakota and Alaska, that funneled tax revenue from their dominant industry into schools and other development -- and hopes West Virginia can learn from their example. West Virginia has "given more to the American dream than any other state," he says, "and received less in return." Topics: US , politics , justice Related stories: 'Mar killed pre-need industry' Gina made a mess — Rody US envoy snubs Du30, airs concerns More from this Category: World's heaviest man goes under knife in Mexico West Virginia seeks future -- without coal Trump fires FBI director Comey COMMENT DISCLAIMER: Reader comments posted on this Web site are not in any way endorsed by The Standard. Comments are views by thestandard.ph readers who exercise their right to free expression and they do not necessarily represent or reflect the position or viewpoint of thestandard.ph. While reserving this publication’s right to delete comments that are deemed offensive, indecent or inconsistent with The Standard editorial standards, The Standard may not be held liable for any false information posted by readers in this comments section. Share this story: facebook twitter email print Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Advertisement LATEST NEWS TRENDING World's heaviest man goes under knife in Mexico  0 |  2 hours ago West Virginia seeks future -- without coal  0 |  2 hours ago Trump fires FBI director Comey  0 |  2 hours ago New phase for South Korea's President Moon  0 |  2 hours ago Duterte congratulates South Korea’s new leader  0 |  3 hours ago Napoles leaves Sandiganbayan after plunder hearing  0 |  3 hours ago Makati PNP chief sacked over cops' abduction and extortion  0 |  3 hours ago National ID proposal passes House committee level  0 |  4 hours ago Naia on ‘alert status’  0 |  14 hours ago Global pressure on PH over drug killings  0 |  14 hours ago More On Latest News Lowdown by Jojo RoblesSing, Janet, sing! Ex-BCDA chief faces trial for P100-m libel suit  0 |  2 days ago Lhuillier takes office as PH envoy to Spain  0 |  3 days ago PH envoy to UN twits rapporteur  0 |  3 days ago Bistek, Ubial eye blood type listing  0 |  1 day ago UN rapporteur draws flak  0 |  4 days ago Opportunism and Leni Robredo  0 |  1 day ago Gina’s illegal actions cost her job — senator  0 |  3 days ago DND chief: I’d rather end talks with communists  0 |  4 days ago ‘Ano na, Sotto?’  0 |  4 days ago Advertisement STAY TUNED Be the first to recieve the latest news. Follow @MStandardToday Manila Standard 6th Floor Universal Re Bldg., 106 Paseo De Roxas cor. Perea Street, Legaspi Village, 1226 Makati City Philippines Trunklines: 832-5554, 832-5556, 832-5558 QUICK LINKS Home Mobile About Us Advertise Contact Info Privacy Policy Link Policy User Agreement Article Index Subscribe SECTIONS NEWS OPINION LGUs BUSINESS SPORTS ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE POP.LIFE TECHNOLOGY WHEELS & MORE HOME & DESIGN SPOTLIGHT GALLERY EVENTS FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER Don't worry we also hate spam just like you. © 2017 manilastandard.net. All rights reserved.Powered by LEENTech Network Solutions
Make Save Borrow Grow Live More Deals Amazon Lowers Free Shipping Threshold; Target to Try 1-Day Delivery Karla Bowsher May 9, 2017 Photo by Jeramey Lende / Shutterstock.com Amazon Lowers Free Shipping Threshold; Target to Try 1-Day Delivery 0 Amazon has lowered its free-shipping threshold for the second time this year, dropping it from $35 to $25. This change comes less than three months after Amazon lowered the threshold from $49 to $35, a move that followed Walmart’s reducing its free-shipping threshold from $50 to $35. While Amazon has not formally announced its latest change, news outlets and other websites started reporting it late Monday. The “help” section of Amazon’s website also reflects the change. The “About Free Shipping by Amazon” page states: “You receive free shipping if your order includes at least $25 of eligible items. Any item with ‘FREE Shipping’ messaging on the product detail page that is fulfilled and shipped by Amazon is eligible and contributes to your free shipping order minimum.” There are still a few circumstances in which you can get free shipping even if you don’t meet the minimum required purchase amount: Orders of Amazon gift cards will continue to qualify for free one-day shipping, although they do not count toward the $25 threshold. Eligible orders placed by Amazon Prime members will continue to qualify for free two-day shipping — with no minimum threshold. To learn more about the perks of Prime, check out “8 Major Freebies and Discounts You Get With Amazon Prime.” Amazon now has the lowest free-shipping threshold among major retailers. Competitors Best Buy, Jet, Target and Walmart have the next-lowest threshold of $35. Target had a $25 threshold in recent years, but its shipping webpage now reflects a $35 threshold. Customers who pay with a Target REDcard credit card still get free shipping with no minimum, though. Target to explore 1-day shipping Target and Walmart also continue to take advantage of their brick-and-mortar presence by offering free store pickup for eligible items ordered online, with no minimum purchase amount required. Last month, Walmart even added a pickup discount on certain items that are sold online but shipped to a store for pickup there. Target is now seeking to step up its delivery offerings by exploring one-day shipping. The retailer announced Monday that its Minneapolis headquarters will test a pilot program called Target Restock starting this summer. The pilot will be open to REDcard holders in the Minneapolis area. Target describes the program as designed to enable customers to buy “household essentials” online and have them delivered to their home the next day: “… guests will be able to fill a box with multiple items and have their orders shipped to their homes for a low, flat fee. The items will be packaged at a nearby store, allowing us to fulfill orders placed before 1:30 p.m. by the next business day.” It sounds like Target is gunning for Amazon’s Prime Pantry program, if you ask me. Prime Panty, which is available only to Prime members, enables them to fill a box with “groceries and household products” for a flat delivery fee of $5.99 per box, or for free if you purchase five qualifying items. What do you make of this news? Share your thoughts below or on our Facebook page. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 352,095 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit 11 Brilliant Hacks Using Common Household Products Simple solutions for life's irritations -- from water stains and rusted iron pans to chewing gum gunk and balky zippers. Hey, Seniors — Get a $10 Lifetime National Park Pass Before Fee Skyrockets This Is Why You're Getting More Robocalls — Plus Tips to Stop Them 30 Household Uses for Baby Oil 10 Money Moves You Need to Make in Your 30s 7 Award-Winning Used Cars From Recent Model Years Here’s How You Can Actually Get Paid to Lose Weight 7 Painless Ways to Pay Off Your Mortgage Years Earlier Comments Amazon Lowers Free Shipping Threshold; Target to Try 1-Day Delivery Get rich quick one day at a time Sign up for our free newsletter for ways to make, save, and grow your money daily: Submit 352,095 happy subscribers 121,378 12,146 Earn Up to $2,700 a Year Watching Videos, Answering Surveys 20 Clever Ways to Make Extra Money 6 Ways to Get Your Official FICO Score Free How to Refinance Your Car Loan for Long-Haul Savings You Can’t Be Financially Secure Without These 10 Products How to Earn Extra Money by Doing Things You’re Already Doing How to Get Amazon Prime and HBO Free 9 Golden Rules for Landing the Best Mortgage You Can 5 Simple Ways to Save Money on Every Online Purchase 2,018 Active Deals Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $38.98. (On the DealBase landing page, click on "Southwest Airlines" in the top line to see this sale.) That's tied with our expired mention from yesterday and the lowest price we could find for select routes today by $98. This price is valid for flights departing on May 31 from Las Vegas, NV, (LAS) with arrival in Long Beach, CA, (LGB). This sale includes 200 routes, including Chicago, IL, (MDW); San Francisco, CA, (SFO); Orlando, FL, (MCO); and more. Note that blackout dates and other conditions may apply. Book this travel deal by May 11 for travel from May 16 through November 2. All prices, dates, and booking details were valid at the time of publication. Southwest Nationwide Fares from $39 1-way Southwest Airlines via DealBase discounts Southwest Airlines 1-Way Fares Nationwide with prices starting at $38.98. (On the DealBase landing page, ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 23 min ago That Daily Deal offers access to its May Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied with our March mention as the best deal we could find. Through May 31, you'll receive access to exclusive rapid-fire deals, an automatic 20% discount on standard That Daily Deal and 13 Deals purchases, and free shipping on all orders. (Everything you order during this time will be shipped together during the first week of June.) Deal ends May 12. Note: Although this is a free offer, you will need to enter credit card information to get this deal. That Daily Deal May Extreme Stupid Good Deals: access for free That Daily Deal offers access to its May Extreme Stupid Good Deals for free. That's a $5 savings and tied ... Read more. Updated: 7 hr 41 min ago Yallstore via eBay offers this 720p Pan and Tilt WiFi Security Camera for $19.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $10, as well as the best deal we've seen for any pan/tilt security camera. It features 355° pan and 90° tilt, micro SD card slot, 802.11n wireless, and 2-way audio. 720p Pan and Tilt WiFi Security Camera for $20 + free shipping Yallstore via eBay offers this 720p Pan and Tilt WiFi Security Camera for $19.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 18 min ago GearXS via eBay offers this Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy in several colors for $3.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $2, excluding other eBay vendors. It measures 3.5" x 3.5" x 0.6" and purportedly helps relieve stress and increase focus. Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy for $4 + free shipping GearXS via eBay offers this Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy in several colors for $3.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr ago Walmart (and various third-party merchants) cuts up to 60% off a selection of raised garden beds. Plus, orders of $35 or more qualify for free shipping; otherwise, it starts at $5.99. (Select items may also be available via in-store pickup.) A couple of best bets: BCP 8x2-Foot Vegetable Raised Garden Bed for $64.95 (low by $29) BCP 3-Tier Raised Vegetable Garden Bed for $84.95 ($115 off) Raised Garden Beds at Walmart: Up to 60% off + free shipping w/ $35 Walmart (and various third-party merchants) cuts up to 60% off a selection of raised garden beds. Plus, orders of $35 ... Read more. Updated: 5 days 16 hr ago Levi's takes up to 75% off a selection of men's and women's jeans, tops, coats, shorts, and more during its Warehouse Event. (You'll need to enter your email address to access the sale. Prices are as marked.) Shipping adds $7.50, although orders of $50 or more bag free shipping. Deal ends May 16. Note: All sales are final and not eligible for returns or exchanges. Levi's Warehouse Event: Up to 75% off + free shipping w/ $50 Levi's takes up to 75% off a selection of men's and women's jeans, tops, coats, shorts, and more during its ... Read more. Updated: 11 hr 37 min ago PlayStation Store takes up to 90% off select PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, PSP, and PS Vita games during its Santa Monica Studios Sale. A couple of best bets: Fat Princess Adventures on PS4 for $2.49 (low by $8) God of War III Remastered for PS4 for $5.99 (pictured, low by $14) PlayStation Store Santa Monica Studios Sale: Up to 90% off PlayStation Store takes up to 90% off select PlayStation 4, PlayStation 3, PSP, and PS Vita games during its Santa ... Read more. Updated: 30 min ago Nordstrom cuts up to 50% off a selection of beauty items and accessories. Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Find great deals on items like skin cleansers, lip gloss, cosmetic bags, and nail polish. Beauty Sale at Nordstrom: Up to 50% off + free shipping Nordstrom cuts up to 50% off a selection of beauty items and accessories. Plus, all orders receive free shipping. Find ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 3 days ago Walmart discounts a selection of toys marked as Clearance, Rollback, and Special Buy items, with prices starting at 99 cents. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping charge, or spend $35 or more to receive free shipping. Shop a variety of discounted brands, including Disney, Fisher-Price, LEGO, Hot Wheels, and My Little Pony. A couple of best bets: VTech Around Town Baby Driver for $11 (pictured, low by $3) Fisher-Price Little People Sit 'n Stand Skyway for $25 (same at Amazon, low by $5) Clearance Toys at Walmart from $1 + free shipping w/ $35 Walmart discounts a selection of toys marked as Clearance, Rollback, and Special Buy items, with prices starting at 99 cents. ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 21 hr ago Fila via eBay offers its Fila Men's AT Tractile Trail Shoes in several colors (Black/Lime pictured) for $22.99 with free shipping. That's $2 under our September mention and the lowest price we've seen. (It's also the best deal we could find now by $9.) They're available in select sizes from 8 to 13. Fila Men's AT Tractile Trail Shoes for $23 + free shipping Fila via eBay offers its Fila Men's AT Tractile Trail Shoes in several colors (Black/Lime pictured) for $22.99 with free ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 26 min ago Sears cuts up to 30% off a selection of Craftsman outdoor storage. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, save even more on select purchases via the storewide coupons on this page. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge shipping charges, which start at $69.99 for most large items. (Smaller items receive free shipping with orders of $49 or more.) Some exclusions apply. Craftsman Outdoor Storage at Sears: Up to 30% off + coupons Sears cuts up to 30% off a selection of Craftsman outdoor storage. (Prices are as marked.) Plus, save even more ... Read more. Updated: April 17, 2017 JCPenney offers a selection of Stafford Men's Long Sleeve Dress Shirts in several styles for $8.99. Add four shirts to your cart for $35.96 and apply coupon code "GIFTMOM7" to drop that to $25.96. Choose in-store pickup to avoid the $8.95 shipping fee. That's $164 off list price of this quantity, and the lowest per unit price we could find for these shirts. 4 Stafford Men's Long Sleeve Dress Shirts for $26 + pickup at JCPenney JCPenney offers a selection of Stafford Men's Long Sleeve Dress Shirts in several styles for $8.99. Add four shirts to ... Read more. Updated: 2 days 14 hr ago The U.S. Geological Survey offers a Lifetime National Parks Pass for Senior Citizens (age 62 or above) for $10. To get this price, you'll need to purchase it in person at one of these locations. The price of this pass is set to increase to $80 sometime this year, as reported by the AARP. It grants access to all 417 national parks and over 2,000 other recreation areas. Alternatively, you can buy one online for $20 plus $5 for shipping. Senior Citizen Lifetime National Parks Pass for $10 The U.S. Geological Survey offers a Lifetime National Parks Pass for Senior Citizens (age 62 or above) for $10. To ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 16 hr ago Gamiss offers this Sound-Activated LED Light in Black or White for $9.15. Coupon code "APRILNEW20" drops it to $4.51. With free shipping, that's the lowest price we could find by $4. It features a built-in rechargeable battery. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add shipping insurance to your order" to avoid the $1.99 fee. Sound-Activated LED Light for $5 + free s&h from China Gamiss offers this Sound-Activated LED Light in Black or White for $9.15. Coupon code "APRILNEW20" drops it to $4.51. With ... Read more. Updated: 9 hr 57 min ago Lowe's take 50% off a selection Scotts Turf Builder products, as listed below. Plus, MyLowes members bag free shipping. (Not a member? It's free to sign up.) Deal ends May 15. The items: Scotts Turf Builder Ez Seed 3.75-lbs. Lawn Repair Mix for $7.74 (low by $4) Scotts Turf Builder Ez Seed 10-lb. Lawn Repair Mix for $15.99 (low by $8) Scotts Turf Builder Ez Seed 20-lb. Lawn Repair Mix for $26.99 (pictured, low by $27) Scotts Turf Builder at Lowe's: 50% off + free shipping Lowe's take 50% off a selection Scotts Turf Builder products, as listed below. Plus, MyLowes members bag free shipping. (Not ... Read more. Updated: 5 days 21 hr ago It's not the usual blah, blah, blah Sign up for our free newsletter to receive our daily deals roundups by email! Blue Rhino cuts $3 off via this mail-in rebate when you purchase a Blue Rhino Ready-to-Use Propane Tank, with or without exchanging a tank. A one item limit applies. Rebate expires December 31. Blue Rhino Ready-to-Use Propane Tank $3 off via rebate Blue Rhino cuts $3 off via this mail-in rebate when you purchase a Blue Rhino Ready-to-Use Propane Tank, with or ... Read more. Updated: March 6, 2017 Spring offers the Dockers Men's Clean Khaki Pants in various fits and colors (Slim Fit Black pictured) for $12.95 with free shipping. That's $7 under our February mention and the lowest price we could find by $21. They're available in select sizes from 28 to 44 and lengths 30 to 36. Dockers Men's Clean Khaki Pants for $13 + free shipping Spring offers the Dockers Men's Clean Khaki Pants in various fits and colors (Slim Fit Black pictured) for $12.95 with ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 5 hr ago LighInTheBox offers the Uno R3 Basic Starter Kit for Arduino for $17.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we could find by $6. It includes the Uno R3 development board, mini breadboard, various resistors and LEDs, remote, and more. Note: This item ships from China and may take two to five weeks to arrive. Uncheck "Add Shipping Insurance to your order" during checkout to remove the 49-cent fee. Uno R3 Basic Starter Kit for Arduino for $18 + free s&h from China LighInTheBox offers the Uno R3 Basic Starter Kit for Arduino for $17.99 with free shipping. That's the lowest price we ... Read more. Updated: 9 hr 4 min ago Adorama discounts a selection of cameras, camera accessories, printers, TVs, and more as part of its Overstock Sale. (Prices are as marked.) Shipping starts around $4, but many items qualify for free shipping. Adorama Overstock Sale Adorama discounts a selection of cameras, camera accessories, printers, TVs, and more as part of its Overstock Sale. (Prices are ... Read more. Updated: April 17, 2017 Shively Sporting Goods via eBay offers the adidas Men's Climalite Shockwave Polo T-Shirt in White/Grey or Black/White for $19.95 with free shipping. That's tied with our March mention and the lowest price we could find by $22. It's available in sizes S, XL, or XXL S or XL only. adidas Men's Climalite Shockwave Polo T-Shirt for $20 + free shipping Shively Sporting Goods via eBay offers the adidas Men's Climalite Shockwave Polo T-Shirt in White/Grey or Black/White for $19.95 with ... Read more. Updated: 1 day 18 hr ago Anaheim Manufacturing and Moen has announced a voluntary recall of several 3/4- and 1-horsepower garbage disposals from various brands due to an impact hazard. Although no injuries have known to occur, 22 cases have been reported of a defect in which a metal component inside the disposal breaks off and comes out of the disposal during use. (In three of the cases, a consumer was hit by the object.) Affected units were sold nationwide and in Canada from December 2015 through March 2017 and include brands such as Waste King, Moen, Kenmore, Frigidaire, and Franke. Customers are advised to immediately stop using these disposals and contact Anaheim Manufacturing to arrange for a free replacement garbage disposal to be installed at no cost to the consumer. Click here for contact information and a list of affected brands and models. Garbage Disposal Recall (several brands) Anaheim Manufacturing and Moen has announced a voluntary recall of several 3/4- and 1-horsepower garbage disposals from various brands due ... Read more. Updated: April 11, 2017 Nestea offers its Nestea Iced Tea 18.5-oz. or 23-oz Bottle for free via this short form. Within four to six weeks, you'll receive a coupon to use at a local retail store. Deal ends June 19; coupon expires July 31. Note: You can also use this coupon to cut $1.79 off a Nestea Iced Tea 0.5-Liter 6-Pack or 24-Pack. Nestea Iced Tea 18.5-oz. or 23-oz Bottle for free Nestea offers its Nestea Iced Tea 18.5-oz. or 23-oz Bottle for free via this short form. Within four to six ... Read more. Updated: 2 weeks 5 days ago Lids cuts an extra 30% off clearance items, which are already marked up to 75% off. (Discount applies automatically in-cart.) Shipping adds $4.99, but orders of $50 or more qualify for free shipping. (Select items may be available via in-store pickup.) Discounted items include hats, apparel, gifts, and accessories. Some exclusions may apply. Lids Clearance: Extra 30% off + free shipping w/ $50 Lids cuts an extra 30% off clearance items, which are already marked up to 75% off. (Discount applies automatically in-cart.) ... Read more. Updated: 9 hr 27 min ago Macy's offers the Weatherproof Vintage Men's Trailblazer Waterproof Hiker Boots in Tan for $29.99. Coupon code "MOM" cuts that to $25.49. Pad your order with a beauty item (they start at $4) to bag free shipping; otherwise, shipping adds $10.95. That's $5 under our mention from two weeks ago, $50 off list, and the lowest price we could find. They're available in select whole sizes from 8 to 13. Deal ends May 10. Weatherproof Men's Trailblazer Hiker Boots for $25 + free s&h w/beauty item Macy's offers the Weatherproof Vintage Men's Trailblazer Waterproof Hiker Boots in Tan for $29.99. Coupon code "MOM" cuts that to ... Read more. Updated: 10 hr 8 min ago Walmart offers the Hauck Lightning Go Kart in Green for $99.99 with free shipping. (Toys"R"Us via eBay and Amazon charge the same.) That's $49 off and the lowest price we could find. It accommodates up to 70 lbs. and features an adjustable bucket seat. Hauck Lightning Go Kart for $100 + free shipping Walmart offers the Hauck Lightning Go Kart in Green for $99.99 with free shipping. (Toys"R"Us via eBay and Amazon charge ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 11 hr ago Nordstrom Rack takes up to 80% off a selection of The North Face men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and accessories. Shipping adds $7.95, or get free shipping on orders of $100 or more. Kids' apparel starts at $11.97, women's activewear at $14.97 $27.97, and men's jackets at $49.97. The North Face at Nordstrom Rack: Up to 80% off + free shipping w/ $100 Nordstrom Rack takes up to 80% off a selection of The North Face men's, women's, and kids' apparel, shoes, and ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 16 hr ago Costco takes up to $900 off a selection of furniture, kitchen items, garden items, and more as part of its Home Savings Event. (Prices are as marked for members; non-members will pay a 5% surcharge.) Plus, most items bag free shipping. Deal ends May 28. Costco Home Savings Event: Up to $900 off + free shipping Costco takes up to $900 off a selection of furniture, kitchen items, garden items, and more as part of its ... Read more. Updated: 4 days 12 hr ago At Ticketmaster, buy one ticket for select performances nationwide and get a second ticket for free via coupon code "TMN241". (Enter your ZIP to choose your area. After choosing your event, select this offer under ticket type. Available seats will display once you've entered the code.) That's tied with our mention from last week as the best offer we've seen from Ticketmaster in the last year. Tickets can be purchased via "Print at Home" or "Will-call". Ticketmaster coupon Buy 1 ticket, get 1 free At Ticketmaster, buy one ticket for select performances nationwide and get a second ticket for free via coupon code "TMN241". ... Read more. Updated: 1 week 4 days ago Northern Tool takes up to 75% off a selection of clearance items. Plus, take an extra $10 off orders of $50 or more via coupon code "252524", an extra $20 off orders of $100 or more via coupon code "252525", or an extra $50 off orders of $250 or more via coupon code "252521". Where available, opt for in-store pickup to avoid shipping costs, which start at $5.99. (Free shipping is available for select items.) Deal ends May 16. A couple of best bets, with prices after noted coupons: Ironton Triple Tap Retractable 40-Foot Cord Reel for $59.99 + pickup via "252524" (low by $40) Flo n' Go Duramax 14-Gallon Gas Caddy for $79.99 + $0 s&h via "252525" (low by $20) Northern Tool Clearance Sale: Up to 75% off + coupons Northern Tool takes up to 75% off a selection of clearance items. Plus, take an extra $10 off orders of ... Read more. Updated: 6 days 17 hr ago Walmart discounts a selection of women's clearance sleepwear and robes, with prices starting from $2 $2.50. Opt for in-store pickup to avoid the $5.99 shipping charge, or get free shipping on orders of $35 or more. Note that sizes and stock are limited. Women's Clearance Sleepwear at Walmart from $2 + free shipping w/ $35 Walmart discounts a selection of women's clearance sleepwear and robes, with prices starting from $2 $2.50. Opt for in-store pickup ... Read more. Updated: 5 days 15 hr ago More Deals × It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah Join our 352,095 free newsletter subscribers building wealth and destroying debt: Submit About Advertise Contact Contribute Scripts TV Terms Privacy © 2017 Money Talks News. All Rights Reserved. Advertising Disclosure: This site may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on links posted on this website. It's Not The Usual Blah, Blah, Blah ... × Join 352,095 happy subscribers and sign up for our free newsletter! You'll get: Tips and advice from our expert money reporters. (Our average experience is 18 years!) Unexpected ways to make more and spend less, delivered to you daily. The best deals and coupons to save on everything you buy. A free PDF stuffed full of 205 ways to save and a free money course valued at $34.95! Submit 121,378 12,146
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Latina activists’ stories can be heard in their… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Vote for Best of O.C. 2017 $84,000 is low-income in O.C. Garden Grove mom stabbed to death Feds raid Santa Ana market Shark attack News Latina activists’ stories can be heard in their own words at Cal State Fullerton Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Wendy Fawthrop | wfawthrop@scng.com | Orange County Register May 9, 2017 at 9:35 pm They raised their voices. Now others can hear those voices. The oral histories of nine local Latina community activists are featured in an exhibit at Cal State Fullerton, allowing listeners to share in the experiences of women who fought for such things as labor unions, health access, immigrant rights and law enforcement accountability. “Nevertheless” by muralist Kristy Sandoval carries emblems representing the work and advocacy of the nine Latina activists in the exhibit. (Photo by Wendy Fawthrop, The Orange County Register/SCNG) An exhibit at Cal State Fullerton’s Pollak Library features the oral histories of nine Latina activists. (Photo by Wendy Fawthrop, The Orange County Register/SCNG) “Voces de Liberación: Latinas and Politics in Southern California” runs through June 21 in the Salz-Pollak Atrium Gallery at Pollak Library. Visitors can hear the women’s oral histories on iPods or their own mobile devices using the SoundCloud app. One of those voices belongs to Theresa Smith of Placentia, who founded the Law Enforcement Accountability Network after her son, Caesar Cruz, was fatally shot by Anaheim police officers while sitting in his SUV in a Wal-Mart parking lot in 2009. Smith began peacefully protesting outside police headquarters two days later; her activism helped lead to the proposal and passage of the Racial and Identity Profiling Act of 2015. “The work of a community activist is not easy. It’s not easy at all,” Smith says in her oral history. “An activist doesn’t get paid for this. … I do this, like I said, for my son. I do it for his sons, for my grandsons, for the future of all of our sons and daughters and because, in activism, there is no gender, race, religion. We’re all one human race.” That many of the women are “everyday people” appealed to history master’s student Jael Müller, who curated the exhibit from CSUF’s Lawrence de Graaf Center for Oral and Public History’s Women, Politics and Activism Project, led by Natalie Fousekis, professor of history and center director. Jael Müller, Cal State Fullerton master’s student who curated the “Voces de Liberación” exhibit at Cal State Fullerton. (Photo courtesy of Cal State Fullerton) “These stories are out there for the public, not just stored in an archive,” Muller said at a preview of the exhibit last month at which eight of the nine women appeared. Speaking out, and inspiring others to do the same, was what brought many of the women to the place they are today. Labor union leader Ada Briceño, founder of Orange County Communities Organized for Responsible Development, was 18 when she started as a front-desk clerk at an Anaheim hotel, then worked her way up to be the first Latina president of the local hotel workers union at 26. In 2014, the union pushed through an ordinance in Los Angeles requiring at least a $15.37 hourly wage at the city’s large hotels and won union recognition for more than 900 food service workers at Angel Stadium. One turning point Briceño, born in Nicaragua, talks about in her oral history is going to the USC hunger strike in the late 1990s, when service workers fasted to win a guarantee their jobs would not be contracted out. Ada Briceño, labor union leader (Courtesy of Cal State Fullerton)   “I thought to myself: Wait a minute, Why are workers in Orange County making so much less money? Why are they mistreated?” Briceño says in her clip. “I got the idea that we needed a movement of workers.  That it wasn’t the five or six union leaders that were going to be the heroes for a whole working class in Orange County but that we really had to build leaders from the ground up in order to effect change in the county, to bring more justice to the workers. “When we teach them how to stand up on the job, to their boss who’s being unfair to them, we also at the same time teach them how to stand up to a spouse at home, to stand up to their landlord if they’re being unjust, to stand up to their teacher in the right conditions if they’re being discriminated upon. … Once you teach somebody how to fight in one area they’ll fight in all.” America Bracho said she was always an activist. “I don’t have a memory of a day when I wasn’t,” said Bracho, a physician, as she attended the preview. At 5, she sold raffle tickets to pay for polio vaccinations. She was inspired by her mother, who was a professor in Venezuela and would pick up students and drive them to their classes. America Bracho (Photo by Wendy Fawthrop, The Orange County Register/SCNG) Bracho is founder and executive director of Latino Health Access, a center for health promotion and disease prevention in Santa Ana, and has consulted for government and private agencies around the country on such issues as Latino health, health education, minority women, cultural competency, community organizing, diabetes education and HIV. She is a believer in taking advantage of people’s multiple talents and finding a mechanism for people to connect. “What do you like? Dance? Then dance with kids in the neighborhood,” she said. “You have to start by being part of the solution.” She said she is a fan of women – as the ones who reach out to neighbors, create ties, tell stories, transfer culture and preserve communities.  Women who pitch in to help rediscover their power, she said. “I collect women,” she said. As she says in her oral history: “I’m so much committed to women’s rights that I think it has to be included in everything you do, that you don’t need programs for that. That if you work on diabetes, you need to fight for women’s rights. If you work on HIV, you need to fight for women’s rights. If you work in housing, you need to fight for women’s rights. That women’s rights, in everything, is like oxygen.” Other women featured in the exhibit are Rose Espinoza of Rosie’s Garage; Antonia Hernández, executive director of the California Community Foundation; Nury Martinez, a Los Angeles city councilwoman; Helen Torres, director of Hispanas Organized for Political Equality; Santa Ana Mayor Pro Tem Michele Martinez, a CSUF graduate; and Angelica Salas, executive director of Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles. Students read excerpts from the oral histories of nine Latina activists at Cal State Fullerton on April 26. (Courtesy of Cal State Fullerton)               Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Oceanfront Laguna Beach home near legendary ‘pirate tower’ selling for $19 million Immigrant felon facing deportation: ‘Just let me stay here, so I can take care of my kids.’ TRADE, an open air Irvine food hall, celebrates its grand opening Saturday Top Chef star Richard Blais opening fried chicken joint, The Crack Shack, in Costa Mesa 1,800 gallon sewage spill closes portion of ocean in Huntington Beach, Newport Beach for 3 days Laguna Beach becomes first city in Orange County to ban smoking in town Tags:  Cal State Fullerton politics Wendy Fawthrop Reporting on the interesting research and stimulating events at Cal State Fullerton is right up Wendy’s journalistic alley. A San Francisco native, Wendy earned a bachelor’s degree in biology from Stanford and a master’s in journalism from UC Berkeley. After working in the news offices at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory and UC San Francisco Medical Center, she became a business/technology reporter for the Puget Sound Business Journal and served as business editor at the Daily Breeze before moving to copy editing and working for the Seattle Times. She joined the Register in 2003, where she was a team leader on the copy desk until early 2017. She teaches copy editing at Chapman University part time, has two grown children and lives in downtown Anaheim, where she can walk to yoga and good coffee. Follow Wendy Fawthrop @wendyfawthrop View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in News Laguna Beach becomes first city in Orange County to ban smoking in town Police searching for 2 possible burglary suspects in Yorba Linda CSUF graduating students get a jump on real-world jobs Seasons of the Arboretum on display at CSUF’s Fullerton Arboretum Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Amazon to create permanent shelter for homeless families on its Seattle campus GeekWire Deals: Take cyber security into your own hands with a four-course bundle Portland-area security company SureID hit with layoffs; sources indicate up to 160 jobs affected SpaceX tweets Falcon Heavy rocket test Tunnel cave-in sparks emergency alert at Hanford; no radiation leaks detected Scientists argue that humanlike Homo naledi lived alongside our species in Africa Google film ‘Dot of Light’ features pioneering female astronauts and dramatic views from space Amazon is organizing its own series of concerts in London, but just for Prime members ‘The Martian’ author’s next book, ‘Artemis,’ will be ‘adrenaline-charged crime caper’ set on moon Tech Moves: Meet Microsoft Research Labs’ new director; Accolade adds key execs; and more Labor filing shows that layoffs at Seattle game studio PopCap will affect 45 employees A tech candidate for Seattle mayor? Murray’s exit opens the door to outsiders GeekWire Deals: 99% off a whopping 1TB of secure, reliable Zoolz Dual Cloud Storage Full Video: LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman on startup secrets, Seattle’s tech scene, and more Seattle mayor ends bid for re-election, still denies sexual assault accusations Real estate lawyer sues Zillow, calls Zestimate a ‘tremendous roadblock’ to selling her home Teen wins game of chicken on Twitter: Plea for free Wendy’s nuggets breaks Ellen’s record for retweets Amazon reduces free-shipping threshold for non-Prime members again, down to $25 Amazon unveils $230 touch-screen ‘Echo Show’ and Alexa voice calling Guest post: An entrepreneur’s 6 takeaways from Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger at the annual Berkshire Hathaway meeting Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s artificial intelligence and machine learning strategy Revealed: Winners of the 2017 GeekWire Awards LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman: This is the common trait of every successful startup Stephen Hawking gives us 100 years to escape Earth – and looks into how to do it Five years after giving up unlimited wireless data, this is the monthly bill UW researchers map widening gap in life expectancy and call for policy changes How F5 Networks emerged from behind the scenes to claim an iconic new Seattle skyscraper Warren Buffett praises Jeff Bezos — but has one word for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares Tech investor and ‘Shark Tank’ star Chris Sacca unleashes on Trump, Twitter and scandals at Uber Seattle high school robotics team brings home world championship by beating 400 other groups Surface Pro 5? Microsoft to hold mystery event May 23 in Shanghai Watch: The first plant goes in the ground at Amazon’s Spheres in downtown Seattle How Amazon, Paul Allen and a multi-generational property owner changed Seattle forever Air Force’s X-37B space plane lands in Florida after secret 2-year orbital mission Amazon Web Services cuts EC2 prices once again, as much as 21 percent in some cases F5 Networks will move HQ to glitzy new Seattle skyscraper, to be called ‘F5 Tower’ Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella says he welcomes Trump’s H-1B visa review Avvo sued for sexual harassment, ex-employee claims she was fired after rebuffing ‘unwanted advances’ Nike’s high-tech bid to break the 2-hour marathon record falls just short Real estate lawyer sues Zillow, calls Zestimate a ‘tremendous roadblock’ to selling her home Trending: Warren Buffett praises Jeff Bezos — but has one word for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares Amazon reduces free-shipping threshold for non-Prime members again, down to $25 by Nat Levy on May 9, 2017 at 9:01 amMay 9, 2017 at 9:18 am Comments   Share  36 Tweet Share  14 Reddit Email Cloud Tech Summit: Early-bird tix here. Cyber Monday 2016 at Amazon Fulfillment Center in Dupont, Wash. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Amazon has dropped the threshold for free shipping for non-Prime members to orders of $25 or more, down from a $35 minimum. Amazon made the change quietly, updating a support page with the new number. It is the second time Amazon has lowered the non-Prime free-shipping threshold this year. Amazon dropped the free-shipping minimum back to $35 one year after it increased the threshold to $49 per order, and a few weeks after Walmart introduced its new $35 minimum order policy for free shipping. Amazon confirmed the change and said more than 50 million items across all categories qualify for free shipping. According to the support page, any item Amazon fulfills and ships itself that includes a “free shipping” tag on the product detail page counts toward the $25 order minimum. Free shipping is a tricky issue for Amazon, fueling sales but also requiring the company to absorb significant costs. Amazon’s net loss on shipping — the difference between what Amazon charges customers for shipping and what the company spends to get those items to customers — reached an all-time high of nearly $7.2 billion in 2016, according to GeekWire’s analysis of Amazon’s financial results. The trend is toward more and more free shipping. Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos noted in the company’s year-end earnings release that more than 50 million items are now eligible for free two-day shipping, an increase of 73 percent from the previous year. Much of that increase is driven by the company’s $99/year Prime membership program, which has no minimum for free shipping on eligible items. Nat Levy is a staff reporter at Geekwire covering a variety of technology topics, including Microsoft, Amazon, tech startups, and the intersection of technology with real estate, courts and government. Contact him at nat@geekwire.com and follow him on Twitter at @natjlevy. Comments Share  36 Tweet Share  14 Reddit Email Previous StoryAmazon unveils $230 touch-screen ‘Echo Show’ and Alexa voice calling Next StoryTeen wins game of chicken on Twitter: Plea for free Wendy’s nuggets breaks Ellen’s record for retweets Filed Under: Amazon  Tagged With: Amazon • Amazon Prime • free shipping • shipping • Walmart GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Amazon quietly reduces free shipping minimum back to $35/order for non-Prime members Amazon raises free shipping minimum to $49 for non-Prime members Amazon shelling out record sums for shipping in push for faster delivery Amazon expands free same-day delivery to 11 mid-sized cities, increases coverage in existing metro markets Previous StoryAmazon unveils $230 touch-screen ‘Echo Show’ and Alexa voice calling Next StoryTeen wins game of chicken on Twitter: Plea for free Wendy’s nuggets breaks Ellen’s record for retweets Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Take cyber security into your own hands with a four-course bundle GeekWire Deals: 99% off a whopping 1TB of secure, reliable Zoolz Dual Cloud Storage Most Popular on GeekWire Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s artificial intelligence and machine learning strategy Revealed: Winners of the 2017 GeekWire Awards LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman: This is the common trait of every successful startup Stephen Hawking gives us 100 years to escape Earth – and looks into how to do it Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp Marketing DirectorSeeq Corporation A Word From Our Sponsors Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Igor Institute to Present GeekWire’s 2017 Hardware/Gadget of the Year Read More Invest in a solution for hunger Produce for the People – this time the revolution is online! Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Igor Institute to Present GeekWire’s 2017 Hardware/Gadget of the Year Read More Invest in a solution for hunger Produce for the People – this time the revolution is online! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
null
Search Newsweek Search form Search Search form Search U.S. World Business Tech & Science Culture Sports Opinion Subscribe To Newsweek Sign In Subscribe To Newsweek Change Your Edition US International Middle East 日本 한국 Pakistan Polska Srbija Sign In Culture Jimmy Fallon, Late Night’s Least Woke Comedian By Alexander Nazaryan On 5/9/17 at 1:28 PM Close Culture Last week, Jimmy Kimmel delivered a poignant monologue about his newborn son’s heart condition, which turned into a plea for House Republicans to refrain from eviscerating the Affordable Care Act. After they did just that, Seth Meyers used a segment of his late-night show to savage House Speaker Paul Ryan, almost entirely by using his own words against him, in the best Daily Show/ Jon Stewart fashion. And there was Stephen Colbert, firing off an anti-Trump diatribe that amounted to the comedic version of a drone strike. Jimmy Fallon, meanwhile, had the following exchange with Goldie Hawn, who was promoting her new comedy Snatched. Fallon: “You and Amy Schumer. I mean, come on. This is a perfect combo.” Subscribe to Newsweek from $1 per week Hawn: “It was so perfect.” Fallon: “It’s a perfect combo.” That’s not to say that Fallon’s show was light on substance. His week, after all, included slapping actor Chris Pine with an oversized fake hand and reworking a Smash Mouth song from 1999. You can’t exactly blame Fallon for wanting to return to the final year of Clintonia, a time before hanging chads and burning towers, before Putinism and long before Trumpism. That was the beginning of a good stretch for Fallon, who’d joined Saturday Night Live in ’98. He was best as an over-enthusiastic Bostonian in a recurring skit he shared with Rachel Dratch. He did a funny song about Valentine’s Day. He did one about Halloween too. Here was the sensitive fratboy singing the nation its lullabies as Osama bin Laden’s most fanatical acolytes learned about box cutters and flight controls. SNL creator Lorne Michaels put Fallon in the coveted Weekend Update anchor’s chair in 2000. His co-anchor, Tina Fey, made the smarter jokes, but it didn’t matter, because Fallon looked very good in a suit, grinning devilishly (but not too devilishly) into the camera. He left SNL in 2003, spent a decade making good money for bad movies. Then, in 2013, Jay Leno announced he would be retiring from The Tonight Show. NBC had the perfect replacement: the sweet, inoffensive, uncomplicated Fallon, who could appeal to Walmart America just as Leno had, with easy topical one-liners and gentle celebrity interviews. Of course, the executives at 30 Rock didn’t foresee the political ascendance of Donald Trump any more than the rest of us. Nor could they have known that in the Age of Trump, late-night comedians, told for years they were being supplanted by YouTube “personalities,” would suddenly become the conscience of a riveted, anxious nation, their humor weaponized into political commentary, virtually all of it in the service of anti-Trump forces. “Trump was the butt of 1,060 zingers on late-night TV during his first several months in office, higher than any of his prior three processors drew within their entire first years in the White House,” Politico reported last week. That’s especially astonishing when you consider that the Oval Office was once occupied by George W. Bush, who frequently struggled with subject-verb agreement. Not only that, but Trump reached the record number of jokes in just his first 100 days. More than 1,300 days remain. Fallon’s first Tonight Show was on February 17, 2014, well before Trump descended the escalator in his Midtown tower to ramble about Mexico and declare his bid to make America great again. During his first monologue, Fallon reminisced about how his parents let him watch Johnny Carson’s monologue before bed when he was a kid. Carson has proven to be Fallon’s biggest influence, a relentlessly chipper host who understood that any political stance he took was bound to lose him viewers. Carson, though, is painfully irrelevant today. If the late-night comedy of 2017 has a precedent, then it is in The Dick Cavett Show. Cavett, the cool-blooded Yale graduate, became famous for his aggressive coverage of Watergate, which must have been strange terrain for a late-night host. Then again, Cavett was less comedian than witty conversationalist, one who has aged much better than his competitors (he frequently contributes political columns to The New York Times ). “The Dick Cavett Show demonstrated the ability of late-night to not just make fun of the political elite but to cover hard news with both pointed questioning and a sly wink,” noted a 2014 item in the Columbia Journalism Review about whether late-night would ever become political again. Would it ever. But then there’s Jimmy, poor Jimmy, who wants to offend nobody. In what has been called the age of the “woke” late-night comedian, Fallon has been hosting The Tonight Show through squinted eyes, doing his best to pretend that we are still in the age of Smash Mouth, not that of Kid Rock invited to the White House by President Trump (Ted Nugent and Sarah Palin were there, too). As his fellow late-night comedians do their own part to stoke the resistance, Fallon smirks into the camera, pained and awkward, wondering when it will all end so he can do hip-hop medleys with Justin Timberlake again. Fallon’s desire to be liked, once his main asset, has become a lethal liability. This was on full display when then-candidate Trump appeared on Fallon’s show in mid-August, in an episode that may taint the rest of Fallon’s career. Of all the questions Fallon could have asked, he posed one that will live in infamy: “Can I mess your hair up?” An obliging Trump leaned forward and Fallon mussed his golden mane. This thrilled him to an unimaginable degree. “Donald Trump, everybody,” Fallon shouted, rising from his hair as if in the midst of sexual rapture. He messed up his own hair, then pointed to Trump again. “Donald Trump, everybody!” The interview didn’t go over well, at least with those of us who publicly broadcast their opinions about late-night television. “In his defense, Jimmy Fallon just pulled in a 35 share among white supremacists 18-49,” tweeted the former Jeopardy! champion Ken Jennings. A lot has happened since that September night, you might say. One of those things — among many others, like possible war against North Korea — is that Fallon has been supplanted in the ever-crucial ratings contest by Stephen Colbert. That first happened in December, according to analysis by JumpShot, which measures the streaming of web videos. The more traditional metric of Nielsen ratings had Colbert overtaking Fallon a little later, in February. That’s almost certainly because Colbert decided to embrace the dismay over Trump, while Fallon tried to ignore it. It’s not only that Fallon is losing to Colbert, he’s becoming ever more irrelevant as the Jon Stewart brand of journalism supplants that of Jay Leno (Colbert is a Jon Stewart alumnus, as are Samantha Bee, Trevor Noah and John Oliver, all of which have successful, aggressively political shows of their own). It’s notable that Fallon’s competitor for Leno’s seat was Conan O’Brien, once seen as NBC’s most promising star. Smarter and edgier than Fallon, he shared with Fallon an aversion to politics and a profound, almost pathological desire to be liked by all. He has been relegated to the wilds of TBS, where he reportedly still tells jokes. Fallon’s apolitical stance was becoming indefensible as election turned into transition, Obama handing the keys to American democracy to a driver you wouldn’t trust in an empty parking lot. In March, David Letterman told New York magazine about Fallon’s interview with Trump, “I don’t want to criticize Jimmy Fallon, but I can only tell you what I would have done in that situation: I would have gone to work on Trump.” He compared Fallon with Carson, who, according to Letterman, “had an unstated policy that he would never mention” the Vietnam War. That same week, the New York Post ’s gossip column, Page Six, had an item about NBC execs pushing Fallon to be more political. While one wants to think this was the product of good reporting, it is far more likely the result of a tip whose subject was also its intended recipient. We’re about two months into that experiment. I don’t want to call it a failure just yet, because next Friday’s interview with Derek Jeter could be the one that has Fallon finally speaking truth to power.  To be fair, Fallon has been delivering more Trump jokes during his monologue, but these have a rushed, checking-the-box quality; you get the feeling that after each one, he wants to look over to some executive standing backstage for an approving smile. The jokes are also relentlessly topical, dinging Trump on his most superficial faults, ones even his supporters would admit: the ties to Russia, the intellectual incuriosity, the manic tweeting.   “President Trump canceled his White House Cinco de Mayo celebration,” he said last Thursday. “He made the decision after Mexico said they wouldn’t pay for it.” Well, OK. Does a late-night comedian need to make jokes about Trump? Of course not. Earlier this week, Maureen Callahan of the New York Post persuasively argued that Colbert and his fellow anti-Trump late-night comedians have become mired in “unblinking self-righteousness,” preaching all-too-loudly to a choir. She has a point, about Colbert and Noah especially. Neither host seems to have quite come by his outrage honestly; their jokes, though far better than Fallon’s, do have a pandering quality. Bee and Myers, on the other hand, plainly relish flailing Trump, she with dismay and he with glee. Oliver is snooty and annoying. Some are said to like him precisely for that. Given the surfeit of anti-Trump animosity in late-night television, I’d far more prefer a totally apolitical Fallon who decided that his viewers needed a respite from politics, and that he was going to be an oasis of humor in the pitiless desert that is the 24-hour news cycle. I’d be curious about a pro-Trump comedian, too, one who runs counter to the prevailing late-night sentiment. Because, let’s face it, there’s plenty on the left to skewer: microaggressions, Bernie Sanders, the idea of Chelsea Clinton running for office. I’m thinking of the Dennis Miller of the late ‘90s, before he started making appearances on Fox News. Except that isn’t the decision Fallon and NBC have made. Sensing the nation’s hunger for anti-Trump humor, the suits have forced him into throwing weak punches in hopes that they seem like upper-cuts. But as the diminishing ratings indicate, people aren’t fooled. If the election showed anything, it is that Americans want rage, whether channeled by a rumpled Vermont socialist or a real-estate developer from Manhattan. So what is someone like Fallon to do? He has no views, it seems, on North Korea or the Affordable Care Act. He just wants people to like him. He just wants to tell Goldie Hawn how great her new movie is going to be. Request Reprint or Submit Correction Join the Discussion Most Read Related Stories Fallon Returns to 'SNL' Saturday With Harry Styles Trump Is Record-Breaking Fodder for Late-Night TV Clinton Talks Trump, Debates and the Glass Ceiling Most Read © 2017 Newsweek LLC Sign up For The Newsletter About Us Corrections Contact Us Newsweek Media Group Careers Advertise Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Archive Recent Issues Subscribe May 05 Issue What War With North Korea Looks Like How a Robot Worm Could Make Colonoscopies Fun (Really) CIA Drone Strike Nearly Killed Head of Al-Qaeda April 28 Issue Uncle Sam Wants You…to Be a Racist! Haiti's Sexual Violence Survivors Make Themselves Seen Is Alexei Navalny the Kremlin's Kryptonite? April 21 Issue Can James Comey Escape the Clinton Email Debacle? Can James Comey Untangle the Trump-Russia Allegations? Can Ukraine Win Over Pro-Russian Citizens in the East? April 14 Issue How Harvard Flunked Economics Meet the Billionaires Who Run Trump's Government Developing 'Smart' Skin That Can Feel, Stretch and Heal Browse Archives
Login Profile Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Mobile Tablet Links: Bee Home Page WNY Events Classifieds Subscriber Services Advertiser Index Real Estate Weekly Feature  Print Edition  Classifieds  Poll Do you want to see a second farmers market? Yes No News Front Page Local News Editorials Letters to the Editor Police Blotter Bee Heard Sports Lifestyles What's Going On Entertainment Business Legal Notices Links Bee Home Page Contact Info Local Weather WNY Events Services Advertiser Index News Archive Copyright© 2005-2017 Bee Publications Inc. All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services 2017-05-10 / Local News Tweet Print Senior News The Clarence Senior Center is located at 4600 Thompson Road. Contact the center at 633-5138 to sign up for activities. When registering for free activities and programs, you can call the office or email your name, phone number and desired event(s) to signup@clarenceseniorcenter.org. Additional information is available at clarenceseniorcenter.org. “The mission of Clarence Senior Citizens Inc. is to provide social, recreational, educational and nutritional programs, as well as opportunities for volunteerism, to persons in the community who are age 55 and older.” Transportation The center has a 14-passenger bus available to provide transportation to members between their homes and the center. The bus, which is owned by the Town of Clarence, also takes members shopping to Tops, Wegmans, Target, Wal-Mart, Dash’s and Eastern Hills Mall on a rotating basis Call the office at 633-5138 for more information or to make arrangements for pickup. Every week Monday: So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; tap dancing, 10:15 a.m.; jazz dancing, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; poker, 1 p.m.; euchre, 1 p.m. Tuesday: Men’s bridge, 9 a.m.; women’s bridge, 9:15 a.m.; Scrabble, 10 a.m.; Eat, Live, Be Wellness Group, 10 a.m.; blood pressure screening, 10 a.m. to noon; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; intermediate bridge, 1 p.m. Wednesday: Euchre, 9 a.m.; beginner line dance, 9 a.m.; So-sew, 9:30 a.m.; ceramics, 9:30 a.m.; woodworking, 9:30 a.m.; line dance, 9:30 a.m.; computer support, 10 a.m. to noon; arthritis exercise, 11:15 a.m.; billiards, noon; bridge, 12:30 p.m.; watercolor painting, 1 p.m.; canasta, 1 p.m. Wednesday Evening: Billiards, 6:30 p.m.; pinochle, 6:30 p.m.; woodworking, 6:30 p.m. Thursday: Zumba, 9 a.m.; beginner bridge, 10 a.m.; tai chi, 11 a.m.; billiards, noon; duplicate bridge, 12:30 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; bingo, 1:15 p.m; shuffleboard, 1:15 p.m. Friday: Intermediate bridge, 9 a.m.; Stretch & Tone, 9 a.m.; Rummikub, 9:30 a.m.; Senior Outreach, 9:30 to 11 a.m.; computer support, 10 to 11:30 a.m.; resistance exercise, 11:30 a.m.; billiards, noon; pinochle, 1 p.m.; poker, 1 p.m.; dominoes, 1 p.m. Lunch at the Center Lunch is served daily at 12:30 p.m. for a suggested donation of $3 for those 60 years and older. Lunch is $5 for guests younger than 60. Menus featuring daily selections are available at the center. Calendar of Events Mother’s Day Luncheon 12:30 p.m. Wednesday, May 10 — Celebrate the important women in your life. Entertainment will be provided by Danielle DiStefano and will begin after lunch. The suggested donation for lunch is $3. Healthy Weight: Set Yourself Up for Success 10 a.m. Tuesday, May 16 — Many Americans struggle with maintaining a healthy weight. Find out how to overcome this struggle and reach your healthy weight management goals. You’ll learn what healthy weight is, how to develop a lifetime eating plan and how to lose weight safely. The program is presented by a health coach from Blue Cross/Blue Shield. Travel News America the Hilarious Depart at 11 a.m., return 4:15 Thursday, May 15 — See “America the Hilarious” followed by lunch at Yorkshire Hall. Also, take time to visit The Country Cottage. The price for the trip is $59. Make checks payable to Maxima Tours Ltd. Return to top Browse Archives Clarence Special Events 2017 Click for schedule
Family of slain man files lawsuit against 7 bail bondsmen, bonds - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests ENTER TO WIN: Tickets to the Memphis Air Show Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Family of slain man files lawsuit against 7 bail bondsmen, bonds companies 2017-05-09T22:09:47Z2017-05-09T22:21:06Z Reported by Forrest Sanders Email Connect Forrest.Sanders@wsmv.com Follow @WSMV_Forrest Friends and family are wearing 'Justice for Jalen' shirts in memory of Jalen Milan. (WSMV) CLARKSVILLE, TN (WSMV) - A grieving Clarksville family said they're ready to fight after filing a lawsuit against seven bail bondsmen and two companies Tuesday. The civil lawsuit is against men charged in the murder of a father of three. "I'm standing here as a mother who's lost a son," said Anita Jenkins, surrounded by her family and attorneys. "It's been hard on us as a family. That circle has been broken, but I know with God on our side, we'll be able to make it through." Jenkins said it has been difficult telling her grandchildren they can't see their father, Jalen Milan, also known as Jalen Johnson. "I know God don't make any mistakes," she said. "I know my child is resting with the Lord, but I also know we have to fight." Last month, Clarksville police said bail bondsmen approached a vehicle carrying Johnson and others at a Walmart parking lot on Whitfield Boulevard. Police said the bondsmen fired on the vehicle as it drove away, hitting and killing Milan. Police added there was not a warrant out for the arrest of Milan or anyone else in the car. The Montgomery County grand jury charged bondsmen William Byles, Kenneth Chiasson, Antwon Keesee, Jonathan Schnepp, Roger West, Prentice Williams and Joshua Young with Milan's murder. "It hasn't really sunk in," Jenkins said. "Right now, I haven't really had time to breathe because I know I have other things to do." Jenkins has brought in The Davis Bozeman law firm from Atlanta and Spence Law Firm from Memphis. They filed a civil lawsuit in circuit court Tuesday against all seven of the bail bondsmen, alongside the Eagle Bonding and KeeSee's Bonding companies. "This culture of hunting people for money has to be controlled and curtailed," said attorney Mawuli Davis of The Davis Bozeman Law Firm. "What this mother hopes is no other family has to go through this." Thomas R. Meeks, the attorney for Eagles Bonding, has not returned requests for comment this week. Meanwhile, calls were not returned Tuesday at KeeSee's Bonding. The lawsuit is seeking a trial and damages to be determined by a jury. Jenkins said that money will be going toward providing for Milan's three children. "I just take it day by day," Jenkins said. "If I get through today, I'll get through tomorrow tomorrow." Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. More from WMCTV.COMMore>> Special Montgomery County news Click to read more headlines from Montgomery County.More >> Click to read more headlines from Montgomery County.More >> News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Ambulance crashes with pick-up truck Ambulance crashes with pick-up truck Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 11:12 PM EDT2017-05-10 03:12:59 GMT (SOURCE: WMC Action News 5) An ambulance crashed with a pick-up truck Tuesday night at Hickory Hill and Shelby Drive. More >> An ambulance crashed with a pick-up truck Tuesday night at Hickory Hill and Shelby Drive. More >> Car wash shooting victim's girlfriend: 'not his time to die' Car wash shooting victim's girlfriend: 'not his time to die' Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 11:03 PM EDT2017-05-10 03:03:45 GMT (SOURCE: family) A man was shot and killed Sunday while he was washing his car. More >> A man was shot and killed Sunday while he was washing his car.More >> Trump fires FBI Director James Comey Trump fires FBI Director James Comey Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 10:54 PM EDT2017-05-10 02:54:28 GMT (SOURCE: NBC) President Donald Trump has fired FBI Director James Comey. In a statement, Trump says Comey's firing "will mark a new beginning" for the FBI. More >> President Donald Trump has fired FBI Director James Comey. In a statement, Trump says Comey's firing "will mark a new beginning" for the FBI.More >> FedEx to Sponsor PGA FedEx Cup Through 2027 FedEx renews sponsorship of PGA FedEx Cup FedEx renews sponsorship of PGA FedEx Cup Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 10:49 PM EDT2017-05-10 02:49:42 GMT (Source: Memphis International Airport) We all know Memphis-based FedEx is the world wide leader in overnight package delivery. More >> We all know Memphis-based FedEx is the world wide leader in overnight package delivery.More >> Redbirds Fall at Iowa 3-1 Redbirds winning streak ends at 11 Redbirds winning streak ends at 11 Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 10:46 PM EDT2017-05-10 02:46:03 GMT (Source: Memphis Redbirds) Not all good things last forever. More >> Not all good things last forever.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> MTV star Christopher 'Big Black' Boykin dies at 45 MTV star Christopher 'Big Black' Boykin dies at 45 Posted: Tuesday, May 9 2017 11:23 PM EDT2017-05-10 03:23:40 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 11:27 PM EDT2017-05-10 03:27:48 GMT He was the best friend and bodyguard to professional skateboarder Rob Dyrdek, who was his co-star on "Rob & Big." (Source: AP Photo/Stephen Chernin) He was the best friend and bodyguard to professional skateboarder Rob Dyrdek, who was his co-star on "Rob & Big." More >> He was the best friend and bodyguard to professional skateboarder Rob Dyrdek, who was his co-star on "Rob & Big."More >> Ex-'Swamp People' cast member faces 18 wildlife charges Ex-'Swamp People' cast member faces 18 wildlife charges Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 5:38 PM EDT2017-05-09 21:38:41 GMT FREE ON BOND: Roger A. Rivers Jr., 42, of Noble, is free on $10,030 bond after being booked May 5 into Sabine Parish Detention Center on 18 wildlife violations plus two drug charges and released the same date. (Source: Sabine Parish Detention Center) A former member of The History's Channel's "Swamp People" cast is free on bond after being booked on 18 wildlife violations plus two drug charges. More >> A former member of The History's Channel's "Swamp People" cast is free on bond after being booked on 18 wildlife violations plus two drug charges.More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Google, Facebook, Amazon headquarters give UNT students peek at digital operations Tuesday, May 9, 2017 – 13:42 Submitted by Monique Bird on Tue, 05/09/2017 – 1:44pm DENTON (UNT), Texas ¾ A “dream trip” hosted through the University of North Texas is giving students the chance to experience major retail and digital operations up close. Nine students will travel to the West Coast this May as part of the “Digital Study Tour” course for a behind-the-scenes look inside the headquarters for Facebook, Amazon, Google, Macy’s, Nordstrom, Walmart and Nike. Course lecturer Linda Mihalick said she intended to create a unique component of the course that maximized student exposure to the spectrum of career opportunities. “The point is to dream bigger, to open their eyes and to give them the experience of what it might be like to work in ecommerce and digital environments,” she said.   The five-day trip is a perfect opportunity “for any student who wants to expand and see what is out there in digital careers,” said UNT senior Carlos Monge. “You have these game changers in the industry that influence people’s everyday lives, and we get to see what they’re doing to be so successful and to see what’s in store in the future of ecommerce and digital platforms,” said Monge, a merchandising and digital retailing double major. “When am I ever going to get the opportunity to visit these headquarters on my own?” Mihalick said hands-on exposure to industry retail partner companies adds another dimension to the overall student experiences and compliment classes offered in the Department of Merchandising and Digital Retailing. UNT is unique in the U.S., with its bachelor’s degree in digital retailing. “The next generation of digital and merchandising talent – that’s what we’re breeding here at UNT. They have to understand the digital component, and we’re the only university that gives them that edge,” she said. The Bachelor of Science Degree in Digital Retailing was launched in 2002, when it was first named electronic merchandising. And, with the approval of a new bachelor’s degree in retailing in 2016, UNT became the first university to offer degrees in all three primary areas of retail: merchandising, digital and operations. CategoriesUncategorized TagsCarlos Monge, Denton, E-Commerce, ecommerce and digital environments, ecommerce and digital platforms, Facebook, Google, Linda Mihalick, Macy’s, Merchandising, Monique Bird, Nike, Nordstrom, North Texas, Retail, Technology, University, University of North Texas, University of North Texas System, Walmart, west coast, When am Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Player’s Network, Inc. Launches Major Shareholder Communications Initiative Next PostNext IBM Vice President Supply Chain Joanne Wright to Speak at Supply Chain Leaders in Action Business Forum Search Recent Posts IBM Vice President Supply Chain Joanne Wright to Speak at Supply Chain Leaders in Action Business Forum Google, Facebook, Amazon headquarters give UNT students peek at digital operations Player’s Network, Inc. Launches Major Shareholder Communications Initiative Gildan recognized with a Distintivo ESR(R) award for second consecutive year New York Law Firm Offers Tips for Sharing the Road with Motorcyclists RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Opinion Readers' Letters Canada needs more economic diversity Tues., May 9, 2017 I just arrived back home in Canada, having spent a delightful winter abroad. Returning to the homeland is always such a pleasure, because you get to see it through fresh eyes. But as I passed through a half-dozen cities on my way home from the airport, I was reminded of what our nation has become: Tim Hortons, Walmart, Home Depot, Canadian Tire, TD Bank, repeat. I’ve driven across Canada five times now, and two things strike me every time: I see less wildlife and I see less diversity of enterprise. Whether it’s in big cities like Calgary, Vancouver or Toronto, or in smaller ones like Cambridge, Brandon or Victoria, it’s always the same thing: Kelseys, Starbucks, Esso, Subway, RBC, Harveys, repeat. Why don’t our governments, at all levels, make it far more difficult for multinational corporations to siphon resources out of our local communities? If our leaders also made it easier for local businesses to flourish, we could enjoy a diversity in our economy that matches what we see already on our streets and in our schools. It’s what makes Canada such a lovely place to call home. Article Continued Below Jared Brock, Guelph, Ont. Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 6°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs If Piers Morgan were a real man he’d just stop talking: Menon As Piers Morgan and Axe Canada ponder masculinity columnist Vinay Menon contributes to the debate. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Bombardier Donald Trump Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
null
Bartlesville Radio: The area’s best source for news, weather and sports! LISTEN LIVE! KWON — News/Talk KYFM — Your Favorite Music KRIG — Real Country KPGM — Pawhuska Home News Local News Weather Related Closings Coffeyville Crude Prices Sunrise Reporter Weather Road Condition Maps Local Forecast Weather Radar Area River Levels Area Lake Levels WeatherLINE K1-TXT Sports Coach's Corner Sports Schedules & Scores Bruin Buzz Archived Broadcasts John McKee Show Oklahoma Sooners Oklahoma State Cowboys Tulsa Golden Hurricane Dallas Cowboys St. Louis Cardinals Bartlesville Sports Commission Community Inter-State Farm and Home Show KWON Cooking Extravaganza Obituaries Dog GONE Community Events Coupons Birthdays Anniversaries Birth Announcements Wedding & Engagements My Mom's Priceless Contest Stations KWON 1400 AM & 93.3 FM KWON - Your Information Station KWON Programming KYFM 100.1 FM KYFM Bright Star 100.1 KYFM Programming (HD-1) KRIG 104.9 FM KRIG - Real Country KRIG Programming Schedule KPGM 1500 AM KPGM - AM 1500 KPGM Programming Schedule Submit News Sporting Event Community Event Weather Related Closings Dog GONE Weddings Engagement Anniversary Birth Annnouncement Birthdays Obituaries On Demand One on One with a Professional Community Connection Homecoming Interviews Campaign Corner Consumer Calls Class Days KWON Tech Talk Green Country Gardener Capitol Call Somethin' in the Oven with Shanna Lovin Photos Gallery Submit Photo or Video Contact Rent Tower Space Meet the Staff Advertising Opportunities Meet Us Employment Opportunities About Us advertisements Join "R-Mail", Our Online Newsletter Email: News Washington County Posted: May 09, 2017 3:47 PMUpdated: May 09, 2017 3:47 PM Bartlesville Boy Burglarizes   Ben Nicholas A man was taken into custody on Friday. Tanner Dakota Henry has been charged with 2nd Degree Burglary. According to an affidavit, officers responded to a vehicle burglary in the parking lot of Walmart in Bartlesville. Officers searched the area and found a cellphone that belonged to Henry. The officer found out that Henry was on community sentencing, and while speaking on the phone, Henry showed up for a meeting. The officer took Henry in for questioning, and after several questions, placed him under arrest. « Back to News KWON Cooking Extravaganza Advertising Opportunities Contest Rules About Us Make Us Your Home Page Employment Opportunities Terms of Use Privacy Contact Us 2017 © KCD Enterprises. All Rights Reserved. View Mobile Site
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment Elections News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Diamond Kings Big 22 Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries 47° F Overcast Hi: 64° F Lo: 36° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment Elections News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Filling empty storefronts part of plan to improve City of Girard May 9, 2017 Other recommendations include a special improvement district downtown, upgrading the website, and zoning changes. Youngstown Schools CEO takes heat from city leader, responds May 9, 2017 The Rev. Ken Simon criticized Youngstown Schools CEO Krish Mohip on several issues Tuesday. Mohip later responded. Fire forces Campbell family out of home May 9, 2017 School in Columbiana cleans up Firestone Park for summer May 9, 2017 Austintown crime activity: Man charged with smoking pot at 9/11 Memorial May 9, 2017 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 47° F Overcast Feels Like: 47° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 59% Dewpoint: 33° F Sunrise: 6:10 AM Sunset: 8:28 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Diamond Kings Big 22 Starting Five Latest Headlines Wells pitches a 1-hitter for LaBrae May 9, 2017 The Vikings’ Sam Wells struck out 10 Lakers this evening. Turvey propels Crestview over Memorial May 9, 2017 Crestview improves to 11-10. Poland baseball blanks Ursuline in Sectional Final May 9, 2017 Mineral Ridge’s Devine Redding signs with Chiefs May 9, 2017 Browns and Steelers preseason dates, times, and television coverage May 9, 2017 Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries Search for: Search the site 47° F Overcast Hi: 64° F Lo: 36° F Food warehouse fills bags to keep Mercer Co. kids active this summer The Community Food Warehouse in Mercer County will pass out fun summer activities to keep students moving over the break By Tyler Trill Published: May 9, 2017, 5:06 pm Updated: May 9, 2017, 7:19 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SHARON, Pa. (WKBN) – The Backpack Program at the Community Food Warehouse of Mercer County aims to make sure kids stay active this summer. The Centers for Disease Control said only 27 percent of children get enough exercise each week. On Tuesday, volunteers packed 850 bags of healthy activities for the summer. The Community Food Warehouse not only provides food for children who need it on the weekends but it will also send kids home with outdoor activities for the break. Frisbees, jump ropes, sidewalk chalk, and personal hygiene items will be given to students in eight Mercer County school districts before class lets out for the summer. Kids will take it all home, along with backpacks filled with food. “There is a great need in every one of our local municipalities. If they didn’t have that, some of the kids would have no food,” said Bernie Harry, with the food warehouse. Spokeswoman Mimi Prada said children who live in food deserts are often obese because when they are given a meal, it’s not always the best choice. “A lot of folks end up buying food at a convenience store — which isn’t the healthiest food — and so you have children not eating really nutritious food.” Some Hermitage Walmart employees volunteered their time to fill the bags on Tuesday. “We come down here as a group, have a little bit of fun, and get the bags set up so they can get them on to the kids,” manager Mark Falesnick said. Last summer, Walmart provided an $88,000 grant for the Backpack Program. The warehouse set aside $9,000 to send the kids home with a fitness bag as well. Right now, the Backpack Program does not continue providing food during the summer but will start up again next school year. Prada said one day, they hope to provide food over the summer break, too. “That’s a need also. We’re trying to conquer the school year right now and hopefully, in the future, find some ways to do some feeding in the summer.” If you are interested in volunteering to pack the bags, or if you or your organization would like to sponsor children for the Backpack Program, contact Program and Volunteer Coordinator Lauren Beran at 724-981-0353. . Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Memorial BBQ hands out bags of onions for 28th year at annual fundraiser Foster parenting event in Mercer County aims to recruit much needed help 2017 Easter egg hunts and events Mercer County students compete in driving competition Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Wednesday, May 10, 2017 Kingston, ON 4° Mainly clear Sponsored by: Haven Home ClimateCare Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes UR Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Features Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form More Local Ontario Canada World News Local Duo attempt to walk away from theft — Kingston Police By Kingston Whig-Standard Tuesday, May 9, 2017 4:58:39 EDT PM Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error A man and woman were charged by police after trying to walk away from their problems. On Monday at approximately 6:15 p.m., the pair entered Walmart and took $250 worth of video games, said a Kingston Police news release. Store security confronted them, but the man and woman refused to stop and walked away. A uniformed officer from Canadian Forces Base Kingston in the area also tried to stop the pair, but the woman just gave her male companion the stolen goods and went into The Beer Store while the man started to run. The man was caught but managed to break free. The woman rejoined the man and they continued to walk down Princess Street. When police arrived, the man stopped at an officer’s request, but the woman continued to walk away. Another officer arrived and apprehended the woman. A 29-year-old man and a 28-year-old woman, both of Kingston, have been charged by police with theft under $5,000. The duo were held overnight in police custody to attend bail court on Tuesday.   -- The Whig-Standard Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Real Estate Danielle and Mary Ambrose Golf Courses Belle Park Fairways Real Estate Colleen Emmerson Go to the Marketplace » Local Businesses Advertise with us Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The Kingston Whig-Standard Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options Kingston View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The Kingston Whig-Standard Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Basketball Baseball Football Soccer Curling Other Sports Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Homes Marketplace Newsstand Flyer City Videos Contests Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Playoff Pool Women In Business Nomination Form Opinion Editorial Letters Column UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Features City Notices My Flyers Autonet Homes Extra Grand Theatre Fundraising Campaign Real-Estate Directories Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The Kingston Whig-Standard Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The Kingston Whig-Standard. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN The Journal Record Home About Us Contact Us FAQ Reuse policy Subscriber Access Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Video Instagram News General News Real Estate Energy Health Care Capitol Law Finance Nonprofit Tribal Aerospace briefs Events Achievers Under 40 Beacon Awards Innovator of the Year Most Admired CEOs Woman of the Year Community Commentary Submit a Story Guest opinions People on the Move Marketplace Digital Edition Archives Book of Lists Special Publications Lists Reprint Service Photos New Oklahoma Incorporations Real Estate Advertise Print advertising Online advertising Classifieds Legislative Report Public Notice Subscribe Manage Account Home About Us Contact Us FAQ Reuse policy Subscriber Access Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Video Instagram News General News Real Estate Energy Health Care Capitol Law Finance Nonprofit Tribal Aerospace briefs Events Achievers Under 40 Beacon Awards Innovator of the Year Most Admired CEOs Woman of the Year Community Commentary Submit a Story Guest opinions People on the Move Marketplace Digital Edition Archives Book of Lists Special Publications Lists Reprint Service Photos New Oklahoma Incorporations Real Estate Advertise Print advertising Online advertising Classifieds Legislative Report Public Notice Home / Opinion / Guest Column / Robison: A bright spot in Oklahoma’s health care landscape Robison: A bright spot in Oklahoma’s health care landscape By: Contributing Author May 9, 2017 0 Joel Robison It is not a secret that Oklahoma has challenges when it comes to health care. The United Health Foundation, for instance, ranks Oklahoma as the sixth least healthy state in the nation. Its report cites the limited availability of primary care physicians (like family doctors) as one of Oklahoma’s chief obstacles to better health. As the report suggests, Oklahomans often struggle to get the medical care they need, sometimes having to drive long distances for routine checkups. In fact, 64 of Oklahoma’s 77 counties are currently classified as areas with a shortage of primary care physicians. Many people are familiar with the state’s rural doctor shortage. Less are familiar, however, with a glaring – and happy – exception to this rule: Doctors of optometry from across the nation are practically lining up for the chance to practice in Oklahoma. Hollywood may consider us flyover country, but the best and brightest optometric physicians have for years considered Oklahoma to be a destination state to practice vision care. As a result, we are home to hundreds of optometric physicians with offices in almost all of Oklahoma’s 77 counties, meaning patients rarely must travel long distances for vision care. This influx of top-rated eye doctors is possible because of great education and training programs, friendly rules and regulations, and strong professional trade representation. Tahlequah, for instance, has the premier destination for eye doctors in-training in the country, Northeastern State University’s Oklahoma College of Optometry. Our Legislature has wisely given Oklahoma’s optometric physicians the latitude they need to provide full-service medical treatment to their patients. Eye doctors in Oklahoma perform cutting-edge procedures like laser eye surgery, and some even perform home visits, eliminating the need to travel long distances for care. State rules and regulations have been enforced by a specialized Board of Examiners governing optometry, rather than by a consolidated medical board that has no experience in eye care. Perhaps most importantly, the regulatory bar governing quality of care has been set extremely high. Unlike in some states, optometry in Oklahoma is practiced only in medical settings rather than big-box stores like Wal-Mart. Optometric physicians love this emphasis on medicine, rather than retail sales, and have responded by moving en masse to practice in Oklahoma. Unfortunately, all of that could change. A front group for Wal-Mart, Oklahomans for Consumer Freedom, has filed an initiative petition attempting to water down our constitution to put optometry in big-box stores. Out-of-state companies like Wal-Mart would make the delivery of medical care in Oklahoma just another product to be picked up next to the tire shop or the frozen food aisle. If these out-of-state corporations are successful, the laws governing eye health in Oklahoma won’t be about medicine or patient safety; they will be about the corporate bottom line. We can expect quality of care to deteriorate, as Oklahoma will no longer be a destination-state for optometric physicians excited about the state’s commitment to putting patients first. Unlike Wal-Mart’s proposed changes, our current laws governing optometry protect a tradition of excellence that demands the best for both patients and doctors. I am proud of that tradition, and thankful that Oklahomans have continued to support vision health in Oklahoma by setting a high bar for quality of care. Moving forward, the Oklahoma Association of Optometric Physicians will continue to resist Wal-Mart’s effort to break one of the few functioning health care delivery systems in our state. Joel Robison is executive director of the Oklahoma Association of Optometric Physicians. Share this: Email Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google Oklahoma Association of Optometric Physician Oklahomans for Consumer Freedom Wal-Mart 3:18 pm Tue, May 9, 2017 The Journal Record Contributing Author Tagged with: Oklahoma Association of Optometric Physician Oklahomans for Consumer Freedom Wal-Mart Related Articles O’Connor: Strong Neighborhoods Initiative improves communities May 9, 2017 Around Town: Celebrating bicycles May 9, 2017 Periscope: The only real way to say ‘Thanks, Mom’ May 9, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Revenue bill could hurt charities by Catherine Sweeney Power company criticizes regulators, seeks higher return by Sarah Terry-Cobo Forty Six converting grains to malt for local ale by Brian Brus Oklahoma towns miss their prisoners by Brian Brus SCOOP, STACK give rise to new pipelines by Sarah Terry-Cobo Special Reports Company left Hugo with unsafe water Poor construction at Moore schools Human Trafficking: The bonds that bind them Briefs Industry groups support drilling bill May 9, 2017 Senate approves repeal of income tax cut trigger May 9, 2017 Midstates reports profit for quarter May 9, 2017 Meetings set for Oneok merger votes May 9, 2017 Domestic violence court bill headed to governor May 9, 2017 Matrix reports quarterly loss May 9, 2017 U.S. Geological Survey: Small earthquake in northern Oklahoma May 9, 2017 Regents to consider new health certificate May 9, 2017 Pipe shop owner, manager not guilty in drug-related trial May 9, 2017 Sundance completes sale of Oklahoma assets May 9, 2017 National News Email Alerts Enter Your Email Address: Daily Email Update Event Notification Top Posts & Pages UCO biz school lands AACSB accreditation Reader Rankings 2017 Power company criticizes regulators, seeks higher return New Medicaid program at risk OKC ending days of coin-operated parking meters Featured Opinion O’Connor: Strong Neighborhoods Initiative improves communitiesThe recent unveiling of the mural Plains Pioneer in McKinley Park is a visible sign of how the Classen Ten Penn neighborhood has flourished as part of the city of Oklahoma City’s Strong Neighborhoods Initiative. Daily Cartoon May 10, 2017 May 9, 2017 People on the Move Bellmer presented Distinguished Alumni award May 8, 2017 OBU names dean of graduate college May 8, 2017 Schneider named executive director of ORU’s Office of Global Service May 8, 2017 Laugen to retire from Cedar Creek May 3, 2017 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Industry groups support drilling bill Senate approves repeal of income tax cut trigger Midstates reports profit for quarter Meetings set for Oneok merger votes Domestic violence court bill headed to governor Journal Record ABOUT CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS DOLAN BUSINESS BOOKS LAWYERS WEEKLY BOOKS Copyright © 2017 The Journal Record | 101 N. Robinson Ave, Ste. 101, Oklahoma City, OK 73102 | (405)235-3100 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
This site is part of the Global Exhibitions Division of Informa PLC Informa PLC About us Investor relations Talent This site is operated by a business or businesses owned by Informa PLC and all copyright resides with them. Informa PLC's registered office is 5 Howick Place, London SW1P 1WG. Registered in England and Wales. Number 3099067. Informa Resource Center Article Archives Ashwagandha Advantage Blogs Buyer’s Guide Classic Digital Magazines Editor's Choice Awards Galleries Infographics Ingredient Buying Center Jobs Podcasts Reports Webinars Whitepapers Video Digital Summits Documentaries INSIDER TV Categories Animal Nutrition Contract Manufacturing Digestive Health Essential Fatty Acids (EFAs) Eye Health Joint Health Minerals Plant-Based Ingredients Snack Foods Sports Nutrition Tableting Weight Management Women's Health More Topics Events Ingredient Marketplace SupplySide West Vitafoods Asia Vitafoods Europe Buyer's Guide Ingredients Health Conditions Contract Manufacturing Packaging CPG Awards Big Retailers Remain on Sidelines With CBD ‘Hemp Extracts’ Blog by Josh Long - Yesterday Editor’s note: This is the third in a series of articles examining regulatory hurdles facing CBD producers and marketers in the dietary supplement industry, and ongoing efforts to comply with federal regulations. Go here to read the second article. In late 2015, Carolina Hemp Co. began promoting “hemp extracts" and subsequently formed relationships with local pharmacies and doctor’s offices. Then in early spring 2017, the North Carolina Board of Pharmacy circulated a guidance document that disrupted the distributor’s business. Pharmacies, the state pharmacy board cautioned, cannot legally possess or dispense hemp extract. Only “caregivers" may possess hemp extract or cannabidiol (CBD) oil to treat intractable epilepsy under state law, the guidance declared, and pharmacies and pharmacists don’t meet the definition of a caregiver. The pharmacies aren’t willing to “risk their license over it, so bam, we just lost a bunch of customers," divulged Brian Bullman, co-founder of Carolina Hemp Co., in a recent phone interview. “By April 1, the pharmacies had pulled the product and started asking us if they could get a refund." The North Carolina Board of Pharmacy advised pharmacists that hemp extract—also known as CBD oil—would meet the definition of marijuana in the federal Controlled Substances Act (CSA). “Marijuana remains a Schedule I controlled substance under the federal CSA," the guidance stated, “and only DEA [Drug Enforcement Administration]-approved researchers are allowed to possess Schedule I controlled substances." Asheville, North Carolina-based Carolina Hemp Co. is among a growing number of businesses that stand to profit from the surging demand for CBD and other non-psychoactive substances derived from hemp. With the U.S. population increasingly accepting of cannabis, and becoming better educated on the distinctions between hemp and marijuana, “hemp extracts" and similarly named products often labeled as supplements are being offered through a growing number of distribution channels from independent health food stores to chiropractors’ offices. The CBD-containing products, however, are unlikely to be sold at large grocery stores and other major retailers, symbolizing a muddy regulatory and legal climate rife with uncertainty. “For every five steps forward, we take three steps back," acknowledged Mark Kuspa, vice president of sales with Colorado-based CW Hemp, commenting on efforts to partner with large retailers. “There is still that stigma or that misunderstanding of federal versus state in regulatory compliance, and more than anything…what does it mean, particularly if they have a pharmacy on board?" CBD—and a group of siblings that founded CW Hemp, the Stanley brothers—captured the nation’s attention in 2013 media coverage featuring a Colorado girl who was diagnosed with Dravet syndrome, a rare form of epilepsy. In recent years, lawmakers in Washington and at state capitols around the nation have promoted wider access to cannabis—including CBD. But the federal government has a far different view on cannabis and even CBD. In warning letters, a Q&A and correspondence with industry and media, FDA has opined CBD cannot be sold in dietary supplements or added to food. The agency has reasoned CBD has been authorized for investigation as a new drug and is the subject of substantial clinical trials that have been conducted by GW Pharmaceuticals. The North Carolina Board of Pharmacy mentioned GW’s CBD product, Epidiolex. The board’s recent letter advised pharmacies that they would be authorized to dispense a CBD drug with a valid prescription if GW Pharmaceuticals or any other pharmaceutical company receives FDA approval for such a drug. “They literally gave GW Pharmaceuticals a commercial in this statement," Bullman said. Kuspa indicated the big retailers are stepping back from sales of CBD-containing hemp extracts until the regulatory environment is more clear. What is the retailers’ largest concern, DEA or FDA? “It’s more DEA," Kuspa said, referring to the agency’s position that CBD is a Schedule I controlled substance. “It is 100 percent the DEA that has put the fear in these accounts, that they don’t know which way they want to go." Some lawyers have argued the federal agencies are mistaken and even sued DEA in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit on behalf of the Hemp Industries Association (HIA) and other plaintiffs. In spite of the regulatory uncertainty and pending litigation, a growing number of independent stores are carrying products containing CBD made by the likes of CW Hemp and San Diego-based CV Sciences. CV Sciences’ products are sold in about 1,000 independent health and wellness stores, up from about 400 stores a year ago, said Stuart Tomc, the company’s vice president of human nutrition. In October 2016, Hemp Business Journal projected the U.S. CBD market will grow to US$2.1 billion in consumer sales by 2020, with $450 million in sales coming from hemp-based sources. In 2015, consumer sales of CBD products totaled $90 million, according to the publication. Bullman of Carolina Hemp Co. indicated the willingness of grocery and health food stores to carry hemp extracts creates a domino effect. “They see other people selling it, and making money, and not getting arrested, and then they follow suit," he said. “The retail market is growing very, very rapidly," Mike Harinen, chief brand officer of Bluebird Botanicals, said in an interview during the NoCo Hemp Expo, which was held March 31-April 1 in Loveland, Colorado. “One of the most exciting things right now is that we are just starting to be considered for certain larger retail big box stores," he revealed. Harinen added a caveat. “It’s going slowly because of course with hemp and the stigma around [it]—and especially when it comes to extracted hemp—it’s very … difficult to talk to the large buyers of these huge grocery stores and then convince them that it is a fully legal" product. He said Broomfield, Colorado-based Bluebird Botanicals is in talks with King Soopers. “We’re shooting big," Harinen said. Kroger, which owns King Soopers, did not respond to requests for comment on whether it carries products containing CBD. Asked about any reservations retailers may have in selling his company’s products, Harinen responded, “Mostly the legality. They’re not sure … if cannabinoids are a legal thing to sell—but they’re just as legal as hemp oil or anything else that comes from the hemp plant that’s food-based." “We should be able to sell on Amazon," Kuspa of CW Hemp proclaimed. “We should be able to sell on Walgreens and CVS and Target and Walmart. And we’re being contacted by all of these respective groups." None of the above retailers responded to requests for comment. Daniel Fabricant, Ph.D., executive director and CEO of the Washington-based Natural Products Association (NPA), which serves a large membership of retailers, said the organization does not have a specific policy on CBD. “Our policy is look, we’re not going to … have members who are selling unlawful products," Fabricant said in a phone interview. “People have a lot of questions around CBD … and we always quote chapter and verse on what’s in FDA warning letters." However, he noted NPA would seek to help companies submit premarket safety-related notifications to FDA, such as a new dietary ingredient notification (NDIN) under the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 (DSHEA). “I’m not saying CBD is unsafe … but what I am saying is the data has to be presented," said Fabricant, the former head supplement official at FDA, “and it has to be presented in a way that gets through the regulatory gate." Re-enter CV Sciences. The company said it has retained a scientific and regulatory consulting firm to conduct toxicological studies to investigate the safety of oral consumption of its hemp-derived CBD oil and to support a self-conclusion that its product is GRAS (generally recognized as safe). Based on the toxicological studies conducted on CV Sciences’ CBD oil, the company expressed confidence that it will satisfy the GRAS standard following review by an expert panel and publication of the data in a peer-reviewed toxicology journal. While such safety data could bolster confidence in the CBD market, conservative national retailers may remain on the sidelines because, in part, their exposure to government enforcement actions and private litigation is greater than independent health food and wellness stores. Many of the former generate billions in sales and do business across state lines. “If they [large retailers] take a critical look at this ingredient, they will pass," said attorney Todd Harrison, a partner with Venable LLP who chairs the firm’s FDA Group. “If they look at the dollar signs in the door, they’ll take it." Asked whether larger retailers would be comfortable selling CBD, Fabricant alluded to the risks associated with selling goods in interstate commerce, which would subject companies to the authority of federal agencies such as FDA. “Some may say the juice is worth the squeeze," the former FDA official observed. “Some may not." DEA officials have said CBD is a marijuana extract, and the agency has adopted a “new Administration Controlled Substances Code Number for ‘Marihuana Extract,’" the subject of HIA’s lawsuit. Rick Collins, a New York-based lawyer who has defended clients in drug cases involving performance-enhancing substances and other products, discussed the potential criminal consequences facing retailers accused of selling marijuana. “The crime would be distribution of a controlled substance," a felony, Collins explained in a phone interview, “and the punishment would be based on the volume of the product that was sold." “The more that was sold, the higher the potential sentence could be," added Collins, a founding partner with Collins Gann McCloskey & Barry. DEA said the new code would help it track quantities of marijuana extract separately from quantities of marijuana, aiding in compliance with relevant treaty provisions, but HIA said the move has caused a chilling effect in the global industrial hemp industry. Retailers pre-emptively removed products from the shelves and halted reorders based on their interpretation that industrial hemp was subject to DEA’s marijuana extract rule, said Colleen Keahey, executive director of HIA, in a phone interview. She indicated large retailers are taking a conservative stance and not carrying hemp-derived CBD products today. What needs to happen for the big retailers to enter the market? Keahey said DEA’s marijuana extract rule should be amended or rescinded. She also supported the development of additional quality standards, such as more rigorous testing and ways to maintain GMPs (good manufacturing practices). “We’re working on that as an industry to help provide those companies that are our members with the best practices," Keahey said. Meanwhile, there is uncertainty over how the Trump administration will treat cannabis—including CBD. “There are strong pulls in both directions," Collins said. “Certainly, you’ve got a national attitude of increasing tolerance toward cannabis in all respects—both medical and recreational. On the other hand, you have an attorney general (Jeff Sessions) who’s opined that, ‘Good people don’t smoke marijuana’ and clearly is not a fan of cannabis. Whether that’s going to translate to enforcement action in the current political climate is open to debate." Violations of the Federal Food, Drug & Cosmetic (FDCA), not just the CSA, could result in a criminal conviction. And corporate officials could be held liable for a misdemeanor violation of the FDCA, even if they didn’t intentionally violate the law or were aware of the violation, attorneys familiar with the law have explained. Asked about criminal penalties a retailer would face for selling products that contain CBD and other non-psychoactive cannabinoids from the hemp plant, a Justice Department spokeswoman declined “to comment on hypotheticals." “However, if the Justice Department learns about FDCA violations, we consult with our partners at FDA and consider a range of factors in determining whether to pursue an enforcement action," she said in an email. A few sources mentioned one factor that could help mitigate a retailer's exposure to a government action or civil lawsuit: ensuring the content of psychoactive constituent tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) in a CBD product is negligible, distinguishing it from marijuana. Under the 2014 Farm Bill, “industrial hemp" cannot contain a delta-9 THC concentration of more than 0.3 percent on a dry weight basis. “Obviously, the responsible CBD industry that’s providing products in terms of dietary supplements should not be providing products that contain illegal levels of THC," said Jane Wilson, director of program development with the American Herbal Products Association (AHPA). James Prochnow, an attorney in Denver who concentrates his practice on food and drug regulatory matters, doesn’t think it’s likely federal agencies would target retailers selling CBD. “The chances of a large retailer being the object of some enforcement action, such as a seizure by the FDA or the DEA, are in my judgment not substantial at the present time," said Prochnow, a shareholder with Greenberg Traurig, in a phone interview. In the absence of extraordinary circumstances, such as a CBD product containing a high amount of THC, Prochnow reasoned it is unlikely FDA or DEA would seek to criminally indict a company. He cited the government’s enforcement discretion, and uncertainty over how the Trump administration will address the CBD and hemp industries. “I don’t think the Trump administration has decided what it really wants to do about hemp and CBD oil," he said. Prochnow, nonetheless, cited other risks facing retailers. For instance, the attorney described as “staggering" the number of class action lawsuits filed against the dietary supplement industry in recent years, and he acknowledged another consideration—enforcement actions taken by state attorneys general against companies, such as retailers of dietary supplements. Prochnow also raised the question of whether a CBD ingredient would run afoul of the CSA. “It presents some criminal considerations that normally aren’t present when you’re dealing with something that isn’t related to the Cannabis sativa plant," he explained. Lawyers also have cited the increased risks of enforcement action by FDA as well class action litigation against marketers of CBD-containing supplements if GW Pharmaceuticals obtains drug approval for Epidiolex. There’s no evidence CBD was sold as a food or dietary ingredient before Epidiolex was authorized for investigation as a new drug, said Harrison, who has examined the regulatory issues for his clients. “Therefore, it’s an absolute bar" to sales of CBD in a supplement, the attorney said, referencing an exclusionary clause in DSHEA. Other lawyers have maintained there is evidence CBD was marketed as a supplement or as a conventional food before GW’s new drug investigations were authorized, but they have declined to disclose the specific evidence to INSIDER. Regardless of the debate, the law grants the Secretary of Health and Human Services (HHS) authority to create an exception to the drug-related exclusion in DSHEA—creating another pathway for CBD to be legally marketed as a supplement. HHS Secretary Tom Price would need to issue a regulation, following notice and comment, finding CBD is lawful as a supplement. But as AHPA pointed out last year in comments filed with FDA in an unrelated matter, HHS hasn't used such authority in DSHEA's 22-year history. Amid the regulatory uncertainty, Tomc of CV Sciences remains bullish. He sees an opportunity for distribution of CBD-containing products through large retailers such as Walmart, Walgreens and Safeway. The big retailers may be reticent to enter the market until they verify companies like CV Sciences have generated sales with independent health food stores, and that the products are safe. “The mid-sized chains," Tomc noted, “aren’t going to start taking products in until they’ve proven themselves among all the independent stores." Referencing sales data from SPINS and the GRAS efforts underway, Tomc maintained his employer could demonstrate it has proven itself among independent stores and show its products are safe. Judging by trends at independent health and wellness stores, CV Sciences’ Plus CBD Oil and similar hemp-derived products could fare well at large retail chains. Alfalfa’s Market, a natural foods store founded in Boulder, carries about 100 different products containing CBD, ranging from capsules to hemp honey to extracts for pets, said Sarah Shebanek, a wellness buyer for the business. Demand has been so strong that the retailer has introduced its own private-label brand of hemp extracts, relying on a manufacturer from Fort Lupton, Colorado, Pure Kind Botanicals. “That’s how well it’s doing that we wanted to make sure we offered our own brand as well," Shebanek said. The products are sold at the natural food retailer’s stores in Boulder and Louisville, Colorado—one of the first states in the country to legalize recreational marijuana. Colorado is also one of several states to operate an industrial hemp pilot program through its agriculture department, as authorized by Section 7606 of the 2014 Farm Bill. Shebanek attributed growing demand for CBD products to two factors. “One, more and more people are learning about it," she said. “And it’s still something that very few people know anything about. And then I think more people are learning about it because so many people have found it works so well for them for a variety of conditions." As a long-term strategy, CW Hemp is eying the big retailers while maintaining its relationships with the likes of Alfalfa’s Market. “We will take care of the regional players—the singles [and] single doors that are out there today," Kuspa said, “but long term, we’re planning on working with these larger chains." ……………………………………………………………………………………………………….... Some Medical Professionals Embrace CBD by Josh Long Cannabidiol (CBD) is attracting the interest of a growing number of professionals in the medical community. Melissa Arnold, a chiropractor in Georgia, described herself as the “poster child" for CBD oil. Arnold said she suffered a sleep disorder for about 20 years, enduring periods of insomnia, and waking up and not feeling rested. She disclosed she began to suffer anxiety, and occasionally panic, due to her sleep disorder. CBD and other therapies have helped her sleep, she explained.  “I sleep through the night now," Arnold said in a phone interview. “I don’t even wake up. If I wake up, pretty much I just go right back to sleep." Arnold said she has been using CBD for nearly two years and selling it in her office for about 1.5 years. The chiropractor has found CBD especially beneficial for individuals who suffer from Lyme disease. Arnold sells products made by Elixinol, a Colorado-based manufacturer of hemp extracts, and she has referred patients who suffer from medical conditions like cancer to Philip Blair, M.D., who identified himself in an email as Elixinol’s medical director. “I have tried at least 8 different CBD brands and Elixinol is the only one that has made a huge difference for me actually," Arnold said in a follow-up email. She acknowledged the controversy surrounding CBD—specifically DEA’s view of it as a Schedule I drug. Is she worried? “They’re not really putting the brakes on it," said the chiropractor, referring to Elixinol. “We haven’t been asked to take it [CBD] off the shelf," she added. “I don’t think anyone’s going to jail over it." CBD typically contains little tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), the psychoactive component of marijuana, and critics of the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) are quick to point out that fact. “There’s nobody getting any euphoria from it, so it’s ridiculous that it’s been classified that way," Arnold said. Most doctors, nonetheless, may be hesitant to embrace CBD, which has yet to be approved in the United States by FDA as a pharmaceutical drug. “I really don’t find much headway in … talking with physicians," Blair acknowledged in a phone interview, explaining his peers are “confused about the law, the legal aspects about their recommendations of anything related to a non-FDA-approved substance." He finds such reactions “absurd," noting many doctors sell nutraceuticals in their offices. “There’s no problem with that, and there would be no problem with doing a legal cannabidiol within their office," Blair maintained. “But very few physicians are willing to go there." Tweet Comments Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus INSIDER Law Josh Long Navigating the regulatory environment of dietary supplements and conventional foods can be a challenging task especially since different countries’ legal requirements vary. Josh Long gives natural products brands the skinny on laws governing foods and supplements. Josh started with VIRGO (now Informa Exhibitions) in 2010, and began working on INSIDER in 2012. Email him at josh.long@informa.com, and connect with him on Twitter and LinkedIn. Ashwagandha Advantage Ashwagandha: Adaptogen of Today Podcasts Healthy INSIDER Podcast 61: Canada's Proposed Self Care Regulations More Image Galleries Slide Show: Clean-Label Trends and Considerations for Finished Products Slide Show: Flavor Challenges in Functional Beverages Image Gallery: Top Posts in March More Email Updates Weekly Newsletter of top headlines and must-read articles Notices when new premium content is released Popular Podcast Healthy INSIDER Podcast 61: Canada's Proposed Self Care Regulations May 8, 2017 180 views Blog Big Retailers Remain on Sidelines With CBD ‘Hemp Extracts’ Yesterday 159 views Blog The Joint Health Marketplace: From Frankenstein to Other Marvels of Modern Science May 8, 2017 102 views Digital Issue Natural Sweetener Alternatives Yesterday 49 views Blog CRN, NPA Look Forward to Working With New FDA Commissioner Gottlieb Yesterday 12 views About Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Natural Products INSIDER Site Wide Content Feed SupplySide Facebook SupplySide LinkedIN SupplySide Twitter SupplySide YouTube Supplyside Events SupplySide West Ingredient Marketplace Supplyside Media Food Insider Journal Natural Products INSIDER Resources Global Storefronts Vitafoods Events Europe Asia Vitafoods Media Insights Copyright © 2016, Informa Exhibitions, LLC. All rights reserved. Resource Center Article Archives Ashwagandha Advantage Blogs Buyer’s Guide Classic Digital Magazines Editor's Choice Awards Galleries Infographics Ingredient Buying Center Jobs Podcasts Reports Webinars Whitepapers Video Digital Summits Documentaries INSIDER TV Categories Animal Nutrition Contract Manufacturing Digestive Health Essential Fatty Acids (EFAs) Eye Health Joint Health Minerals Plant-Based Ingredients Snack Foods Sports Nutrition Tableting Weight Management Women's Health More Topics Events Ingredient Marketplace SupplySide West Vitafoods Asia Vitafoods Europe Buyer's Guide Ingredients Health Conditions Contract Manufacturing Packaging CPG Awards
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 29 mins S&P 500 2,396.92 -2.46 (-0.10%) Dow 30 20,975.78 -36.50 (-0.17%) Nasdaq 6,120.59 +17.93 (+0.29%) Listen Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Annual Meeting Podcasts Download them from wherever you get your podcasts Amazon fires back at Wal-Mart by slashing its free-shipping threshold to $25 Lauren Thomas CNBC May 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Adding to the e-commerce battle among retailers to woo customers over with special deals, Amazon (NASDAQ: AMZN) is now making it even easier for shoppers to qualify for free shipping — and $10 cheaper. In February, Amazon reduced its minimum order amount required to qualify for free shipping — for non-Prime members — to $35 from $49, price tracker BestBlackFriday first reported. Amazon's website now reads that online orders of $25 or more, featuring eligible items, will qualify for free shipping. This news comes after big-box retailer Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT), in January, rolled out free two-day shipping for orders over $35. The shift was one of the first major changes Marc Lore made at Wal-Mart since the retailer purchased his e-commerce start-up, Jet.com, last year. Amazon wasn't immediately available to comment. The company hasn't formally announced these latest price changes, as Amazon has traditionally kept quiet when adjusting free-shipping minimums. The drop to $25 marks the second time in three months that Amazon has lowered its minimum requirement. More From CNBC How McDonald's new Signature sandwiches compare to Smashburger, Five Guys Target testing a restocking program for household essentials Office Depot profit more than doubles on store sales, lower costs Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Woman leaves a disappointing review for an 'herb grinder' that's used for weed Mashable Warren Buffett’s one-word answer for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares CNBC Starting today, you'll be able to make free voice calls from your Amazon Echo to other Alexa users Business Insider Amazon Just Made It Easier to Get Free Shipping Money Op-Ed: Beware of big gains in big names like Apple and Amazon CNBC James Comey reportedly learned of his firing from TV news coverage, and he thought it was a prank Business Insider JPMorgan has unleashed another 100,000-point rewards offer to Sapphire credit card holders in its latest push to win over millennials Business Insider Warren Buffett: One metric tells me the most about the future Yahoo Finance Years of Cruel Abuse Leave Rescue Dog Scarred Everywhere but His Heart People UPS CEO on drones and autonomous driving Yahoo Finance Video Disney CEO Bob Iger finally addressed the ESPN layoffs Yahoo Finance 'STAND THE HELL UP': Joe Scarborough goes off on Republicans after Trump fired James Comey Business Insider Insurers are fleeing Obamacare, and Trump is helping Yahoo Finance Disney's ESPN problem comes down to simple math Yahoo Finance Trump's '8th wonder of the world' sold for fraction of cost Associated Press UPS CEO talks tax reform, trade, and Obamacare Yahoo Finance Video Toobin tears into Trump’s firing of Comey: ‘A grotesque abuse of power’ Bob: Sessions was supposed to recuse himself from Russian Investigation matters. This was clearly retribution for FBI Grand Jury subpeonas issued to Flynn Assoc Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.2k
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Florida deputies foil Thumb sex offender's plan to flee to Puerto Rico Print Email Michael Kransz | mkransz@mlive.com By Michael Kransz | mkransz@mlive.com The Saginaw News Email the author on May 09, 2017 at 4:04 PM comments MLive.com File  MARTIN COUNTY, FLORIDA -- Police arrested a 62-year-old Michigan sex offender they say planned to sail to Puerto Rico after leaving Michigan and failing to report his presence in Florida. The Martin County Sheriff's Office posted a video to their Facebook page Monday evening, May 8, of deputies arresting the man at an area Walmart. The man was arrested on charges of failing to register as a sex offender and was not given bond, according to the sheriff's office. People convicted of sex offenses are required to list changes of address with a sex offender registry. The suspect became a registered sex offender in Michigan in 2005 after he was convicted in Tuscola County of attempting to engage in sexual contact with a person under 13. The Saginaw News is not naming the suspect until he faces a judge and is arraigned on the charge. He was living on a sailboat near a marina in southeast Florida before his arrest, the sheriff's office stated. Police say his ultimate plan was to sail to Puerto Rico. "That trip has now been cancelled," the sheriff's office stated in the post. Michigan's Best Michigan's Best sub sandwich: Ten finalists ranked Alcamo's Market serves Michigan's Best Sub 52 of the state's best More Michigan's Best » Michigan Prom Prom 2017: Photos from celebrations across Michigan Vote for this week's best dressed Unique prom looks Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Losing Sleep Over Your Portfolio? Consider These Stocks Waste Management, Johnson & Johnson, and Wal-Mart are all low-risk plays that have weathered plenty of market downturns. Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) May 9, 2017 at 3:25PM With the S&P 500 near historic highs, many investors are likely losing sleep over the possibility of a major market crash. If that sounds like you, these three resilient stocks might help you rest easier -- Waste Management (NYSE:WM), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT). Waste Management Waste Management is the biggest waste management company in North America. It serves over 21 million customers with a vast network of recycling facilities, landfills, and transfer stations. The company recycles about 15 million tons of garbage annually, and powers around half a million homes with its renewable landfill-gas-to-energy technology. Image source: Pixabay. Waste Management is an ideal "buy and forget" stock because it generates consistent growth with minimal competition in its main markets. The company's revenue rose 5% to $13.6 billion in fiscal 2016, fueled by positive yield and volume in its collection and disposal business. Free cash flow rose 18% to $1.66 billion, and its adjusted earnings rose 11% to $2.91 per share. Analysts expect 5% sales growth and 9% earnings growth this year. Those stable returns enabled Waste Management to hike its dividend annually for 13 straight years. Its current forward yield of 2.3%, which is supported by a payout ratio of 60%, is also higher than the S&P 500's 2% yield. The stock's P/E of 27 remains much lower than its industry average of 42, even though shares have more than doubled over the past five years. Johnson & Johnson Johnson & Johnson is another slow-growth stalwart that has recovered from many devastating crashes in its 73 years as a public company. Today, the healthcare giant's business is so well-diversified across the pharmaceutical, consumer healthcare, and medical device markets that it's hard for any major setbacks to leave a lasting mark. Image source: J&J. Between fiscal 2006 and 2016, J&J's annual revenue rose 35%, its adjusted earnings grew 80%, and its stock price nearly doubled. Analysts expect J&J's revenue and earnings to respectively grow 5% and 6% this year, despite recent headwinds like currency fluctuations, generic competition for some of its top drugs, and lawsuits regarding some of its products. That slow and steady growth has enabled J&J to raise its dividend annually for over five decades, making it one of the elite "dividend aristocrats" which have hiked their payouts for at least 25 straight years. It currently pays a forward yield of 2.6%, and its low payout ratio of 53% indicates that there's still plenty of room for future hikes. J&J's P/E of 21 also remains lower than its industry average of 26, even after the stock's big gains over the past few years. Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart might initially seem like a weak long-term play due to the growth of e-commerce giants like Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). But over the past few years, Wal-Mart has taken big steps to ensure that it remains relevant in an e-tailer's market. It invested more heavily in its mobile app and payments ecosystem, added same-day delivery and curbside pickup options to counter Amazon, and offered to match the prices of online retailers. Image source: Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart has one key advantage over Amazon -- the ability to use over 5,000 stores and clubs nationwide as a distribution network to counter Amazon's fulfillment centers. It also recently started offering discounts for in-store pickups from online orders. The company's turnaround efforts -- which include raising wages, improving training, expanding its e-commerce presence, and reorganizing stores -- have also been widely praised by analysts. Between fiscal 2007 and 2017, Wal-Mart's revenue rose more than 40%, its adjusted earnings more than quadrupled, and its stock rallied nearly 40%. Like J&J, Wal-Mart is a dividend aristocrat that has hiked its payout annually for over four decades. Its current forward yield of 2.7% is higher than the market average, and is easily supported by its payout ratio of 46%. The stock also isn't expensive at 17 times earnings, which is lower than its industry average of 18. The key takeaway There's no such thing as a risk-free stock, but I believe that Waste Management, J&J, and Wal-Mart come close. These stocks might stumble with the overall market during the next big downturn, but they'll likely bounce back as they've repeatedly done after previous crashes.   Leo Sun owns shares of Amazon and Johnson & Johnson. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Johnson & Johnson. The Motley Fool owns shares of Waste Management. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Leo Sun (TMFSunLion) Leo is a Tech and Consumer Goods Specialist who has covered the crossroads of Wall Street and Silicon Valley since 2012. His wheelhouse includes cloud, IoT, analytics, telecom, and gaming related businesses. Follow him on Twitter for more updates! Follow @TMFSunLion Article Info May 9, 2017 at 3:25PM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $952.82 up $3.78 (0.40%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.72 up $0.60 (0.79%) Johnson & Johnson NYSE:JNJ $123.21 down $0.04 (-0.03%) Waste Management NYSE:WM $72.76 down $0.50 (-0.68%) Read More Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla Wal-Mart Has Its Own Take on Amazon's Dash Button 3 Stocks That Pay You to Own Them Why Wal-Mart Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Is Wal-Mart's New E-Commerce Acquisition Strategy Any Better Than Its Old One? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Losing Sleep Over Your Portfolio? Consider These Stocks @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $JNJ, $WM
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / Crime / Police Seeking Public’s Assistance in Investigation into Retail Thefts Police Seeking Public’s Assistance in Investigation into Retail Thefts Posted on Tuesday, May 9, 2017 by Gant Team in Crime, Local News, Top Stories (Provided photo) (Provided photo) CLEARFIELD – Lawrence Township police are seeking the public’s assistance with their investigation into a pair of alleged retail thefts at the Wal-Mart Supercenter. The first incident occurred at approximately 7 a.m. April 18 and involved a male. The second incident occurred at approximately 3:30 a.m. April 24; it involved the same male as well as a female. According to police, the male stole a portable DVD player; two headlamp tool items; a micro SD card; a Verizon pre-paid phone; a phone charger; and a bag of dog food. These items have a total value of approximately $251.63. Police say during the second incident, the couple stole a baby monitor; a Dyson vacuum; a Minnie Mouse booster seat; an Armorall automotive vacuum; make-up; and a box of diapers. These items have a total value of approximately $424.06. The total amount stolen in the two thefts is approximately $712.70, the report says. The male allegedly made a fraudulent return on one or more of the stolen items and received store credit/cash. (Provided photo) Police described the male as being Caucasian with brown hair and facial hair. He was wearing a black, zip-up jacket, blue jeans, a camouflage hat and boots. Police described the female as being Caucasian with brown/red hair with highlights.  She was wearing a brown jacket, a black shirt, blue jeans with holes and carrying a white- or cream-colored purse. During the second incident, police say the couple was with a young female infant. After the first incident, the male left in a white Chevrolet Silverado. After the second incident, both left in a silver car, which police believe to also possibly be a Chevrolet. Anyone with any information is asked to please contact the Lawrence Township police at 814-765-1647/1648.   (Provided photo) (Provided photo) GANT Candidate Questionnaire: Warren B. Mikesell II, MDJ 46-3-02 GANT Police Blotter Tagged Clearfield Lawrence Township Police retail theft Wal-Mart Supercenter Related Posts Gabler Legislation to Level the Playing Field for Foresters The Medical Minute: Easing Back-To-School Anxieties in Kids DEP Takes Steps to Expedite Flood Cleanup Unbeaten Rams Hand Bison 68-39 Setback Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Alert 72° Full Menu Alert 72° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Tiffanie Miller Crime May 09, 2017 1:51 PM Mother of 5 switched places with another inmate to escape, but now she’s paying for it By Margaret Baker mbbaker@sunherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Jackson County An Ocean Springs woman who escaped from the Jackson County jail when she switched places with another jail detainee who was up for release has pleaded guilty to a felony escape charge. In addition, Tiffanie Ann Miller, 33, has pleaded guilty to unrelated charges of felony shoplifting. Circuit Judge Dale Harkey sentenced Miller to five years in prison, with one year to serve and four years under post-release supervision, for the escape. He also sentenced her to serve two more years in prison for the shoplifting at Wal-Mart in Pascagoula. The judge also fined her $1,500 and ordered her to pay more than more $7,000 in restitution. Miller entered the pleas in April. In the shoplifting case, she admitted to stealing thousands in merchandise from Wal-Mart. Among the items the single mother of five stole were 39 cans of baby formula and baby wipes. She escaped Sept. 27 when she swapped places with another jail detainee, Tenia Stork, 31. Stork was being held on a contempt of court charge when authorities received a court order for her release. Miller answered when a guard called out Stork’s name, then left the jail. She had changed into Stork’s street clothes. Stork was arrested on a charge of aiding in the escape of a felon. Assistant District Attorney Michael Dykes prosecuted the case. Margaret Baker: 228-896-0538, @Margar45 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago (Not so) smooth criminals 2:14 a day ago (Not so) smooth criminals 0:59 a month ago Police intercept 109 pounds of marijuana destined for Gulfport spring break 1:45 a month ago Gulfport woman helps marshals catch fugitive View More Video Crime He told girl she’d never see a relative again unless she had sex, investigator says Woman arrested on DUI charge in April wreck that killed one Gang members in George and Greene counties plead guilty to meth-trafficking West Wortham students wreaked havoc on school, caused about $30K in damage, officials say Teens looking for unlocked vehicles found eight burglary victims, sheriff says Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Target Quietly Raised Minimum Free Shipping Threshold From $25 to $35 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Target Quietly Raised Minimum Free Shipping Threshold From $25 to $35 Image courtesy of angela n. May 9, 2017 3:49 pm EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk i'll see your minimum and raise you $10 target online shopping SHIPPING amazon e-commerce retail retailers While Amazon just recently dropped its free shipping minimum from $35 to $25, Target has made the baffling decision to go in the opposite direction, raising its minimum required purchase for free shipping to $35. The company told CNBC it increased its free shipping threshold on Sunday, joining Walmart at the $35 level. “Target regularly reviews and adjusts our online shipping policies and practices to better serve guests and enhance our business” the retailer said in a statement. The change won’t affect Target REDcard credit or debit cardholders, who will continue to get free shipping with no minimum purchase requirement. The retailer first offered free shipping for a minimum of $50, but then dropped that threshold to $25 in Feb. 2015. At the time, it was cheaper than Walmart or Amazon. This move is a bit confusing, as Target has been trying desperately to play catch-up to Amazon: Just yesterday, the company announced it would be testing next-day deliveries for pantry and household items. It would seem counterintuitive, then, to require shoppers to spend more money to get the same free shipping they could get elsewhere with a lower minimum purchase threshold. However, Target says that just “a small percentage of Target.com purchases are less than $35, so the majority of orders will continue to ship for free.” May 9, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk i'll see your minimum and raise you $10 target online shopping SHIPPING amazon e-commerce retail retailers Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related making shipping changes Amazon Drops Free Shipping Minimum To $25 Undercutting The Competition Target Reduces Free Shipping Requirement To $25, Now Cheaper Than Walmart & Amazon free shipping Free Shipping Will Be More Expensive This Holiday Season So Much Time To Decide Target Introduces Extended One-Year Return Policy free for all Report: Target Will Also Offer Free Shipping On All Online Orders Throughout The Holiday Season Previous Dunkin’ Donuts Shareholders Want Company To Look Into K-Cup Waste Next FCC Commissioner Asks Chairman Ajit Pai: Why Don’t You Listen To Your Own Advice On Net Neutrality? Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: FCC Commissioner Asks Chairman Ajit Pai: Why Don’t You Listen To Your Own Advice On Net Neutrality? Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tech Entertainment Business Deals Science Politics About Retail Image Source: S. Warren/AP/REX/Shutterstock Amazon lowers free shipping minimum to just $25 Chris Smith @chris_writes May 9th, 2017 at 3:02 PM Share Tweet If the free shipping minimum was the one thing stopping you from getting on Amazon Prime, then you should know the online retail giant has lowered it back to $25, which is what it used to cost. Don't Miss: Amazon just discounted the Echo for the first time in 2017 Amazon quietly dropped the free shipping threshold, BFAds explains, but Prime’s One-Day Delivery still requires a minimum order of $35. This marks the second time Amazon has dropped the free shipping minimum this year. In February, the company lowered it from $49 to $35, and now the threshold is back to $25. These price drops aren’t surprising, especially considering that Amazon’s rivals are coming up with similar offers. Walmart in February announced that it’s offering free two-day shipping to customers who place orders online of at least $35. Earlier this week, Target revealed that it’s increasing the threshold from $25 to $35, which briefly put it on par with both Walmart and Amazon. But BFAds explains that Target’s REDcard members actually get free shipping on anything they order online with no minimum. On top of that, they get 5% off purchases paid for with the card. Meanwhile, an Amazon Prime subscription will still cost you $99 per year, or $10.99 per month, but you can give it a try for free for 30 days if you still haven’t used it yet. Tags: amazon, Amazon Prime, target, Walmart View Comments Trending 1 Tech Google has a new OS that may one day kill Android, and this is your first look at it 2 Tech Yes, you can actually get worse cell service than Sprint 3 Tech This is how Samsung will stop the Galaxy Note7R from exploding. 4 Tech The OnePlus 5 might be even faster than the Galaxy S8 5 Deals This is the Apple Watch sale you’ve been waiting for Picked For You Leak reveals a new version of the Galaxy S8 that’s about to launch By Zach Epstein May 8th at 11:34 AM Niantic just made a major change to stop Pokemon Go cheaters By Jacob Siegal May 8th at 7:41 PM The OnePlus 5 launches this summer, and this might be our first blurry look at it By Chris Smith May 8th at 6:50 AM Advertise About Contact Copyright 2017 BGR Media, LLC Powered by WordPress.com VIP | Privacy Policy | Your Privacy Rights | Terms Of Use ad
Style Beauty Love Video Weddings Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search A Guy on the Subway Told Me I Didn't Belong in This Country and I Told the Whole World About It Usually, when faced with racism, I try to brush it off. This time I'm glad I didn't. Rajpreet Heir By Rajpreet Heir May 9, 2017 I didn’t expect to hear back from the New York Times. No one had physically harmed me, and given the number of race crimes that had been occurring, I didn’t think my story would stand out. Still, that the incident had occurred, especially in a liberal city like New York, had enough of an impact on me that I wrote up a description and sent it in. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below I’d been taking the subway to a friend’s birthday party when a white man began shouting at me, saying he hoped they’d take my “ass back to Lebanon” and that I “didn’t belong in this country.” I’d stayed quiet, not wanting to further provoke him, and after he left, I put my headphones back in as if nothing had happened. People around me looked dazed and teary, and some of them made sure I was OK. My friends at the party gave me hugs and took me outside to talk. Several days later, the New York Times asked if I would do a 360 video segment as part of their “This Week in Hate” series. A video at the scene of the incident would be immersive, showing viewers that instances of hate often take place in everyday environments. I would retrace my steps, narrating my experience. Though it was validating that my story was seen as newsworthy, an article was one thing, but a video was another. The internet would be able to pass judgment on how I’d interpreted the incident. Would people think I was overreacting? What would I find in the comments section? Would there be retaliation? My family, worried not only about safety but also that the video might send a message of victimhood, left the decision to me. The recent hate-fueled shootings of Indians in Kansas and Washington had been bothering me on a deep level. They were senseless — the shooters saw brown skin and it was enough for them to want to kill. I’d begun to fear these attacks would become commonplace as they had after 9/11. It’s easy to keep targeting the Indian community if we suffer in silence, not wanting to ruffle feathers. I’d been given an opportunity to do something about that, so I decided to gut up and do the video. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below In the first few hours after it was released, good friends, fellow alums, and sorority sisters shared the post and supportive comments. Then I began receiving kind messages from people across the country — a man from Oregon, a former student in Virginia, a Jewish blogger in New Mexico, Midwesterners, and more. A woman from just outside my hometown of Indianapolis said she had witnessed a man intimidating a Muslim woman in a local Walmart and put a stop to it by approaching the woman as if they were friends. Once the man left them alone, they talked and hugged in the aisle. I’ve reread the woman’s message several times now, moved by what she did, floored by how much she cared about my well-being not even having met me. Unsurprisingly, not all the attention I got was wanted. The next morning, I had more than 150 Facebook friend requests, almost all from men — a guy with Bradley Cooper as his profile picture, a self-proclaimed prince, guys with trucks, motorcycles, cars, or helicopters. One sent a video of himself playing guitar and singing about subways. Another said my friends and I could stay at the rental he and his wife have in Louisiana. I blocked them all as quickly as I could, but I felt violated and wondered if they’d find other ways to get in touch. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below But with all the creepy messages also came some that made me very happy. I received a nice message from my aunt in England, then from my uncle in Canada. My grandparents in Indiana had been surprised to see me on their Indian television channel. After my colleagues saw the video, one had tears in her eyes. “It’s really good,” she said. Others on Facebook had also mentioned that it had made them cry. “But why?” I asked my colleague. “I wasn’t that upset about what happened. It wasn’t that surprising.” I’d been more upset about Kentucky losing to North Carolina the night before. Somehow, I felt more comfortable expressing a full range of emotions with sports rather than racism directed at me. Seeing my colleague upset made me wonder when I’d become that way. In college, a hairdresser scrunched her nose up about my name and mispronounced it in an exaggerated way, made cracks about Indians, insulted my hair, then charged me $5 extra for having thick hair. In Chicago, a guy told me he was surprised at how well I spoke English. When I told him I was born and raised in Indianapolis, he cut me off with, “Welcome to America!” A woman told me a white girl could write my essays and I should write more about Indian food. Then there’s the expected: being called a terrorist, getting stopped in the airport, and getting the unnerving stares. I’m aware when something racist happens to me, but I tell myself that it’s not a big deal, or that I’m reading too much into it, or that I need to toughen up. When these things happen, I try to brush them off and keep moving. It’s tiring to confront racism since no one wants to be told they’re racist. To be successful at school, at work, in life, it’s risky to be viewed as a troublemaker — a humorless person who keeps correcting others. Yet in remaining silent, you can start to feel as if you’re decaying. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Throughout the day at work, people stopped to talk to me about the video. Their comments were similar to the ones I’d read on the internet but hearing them in real life gave them more weight. Like many people of color, I’d been storing away racist incidents and slights, not allowing myself to realize how much they’d taken a toll on me. To have people in my office, the country, and world at large acknowledge those experiences made me feel understood, happy, lighter. I know not everyone is in a situation that allows them to speak out and call out racism without consequence, but I’m glad I decide to tell my story despite my hesitation. Hopefully others will see that this can be the outcome and come forward too. Follow Rajpreet on Twitter. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Politics Your Republican Representatives Are Not "Pro-Life" Trump Exaggerating The Size Of His Penthouse Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Tiffany Trump Is Also Moving to Washington, D.C. Kushner Family Accused of Abuse of Power 13 Things You Need to Know About Jon Ossoff Barack Obama Thanks Michelle for Sticking With Him Macron Wins French Election This 'SNL' Sketch Discussed the AHCA 9 Things to Know About Sarah Huckabee Sanders Ivanka Wrote a Book of Meaningless Platitudes Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Politics Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Cosmopolitan gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump mocks Comey backlash: President accuses Cryin' Chuck Schumer of hypocrisy after Senate minority leader claims firing of FBI director has 'shattered' the criminal justice system  Blindsided James Comey thought he was being PRANKED when news he was fired by Trump flashed up on TV while he spoke to FBI employees in LA Trump to meet Russian Foreign Minister one day after firing James Comey amid FBI investigation into 'collusion with Russia' Comey's replacement is also embroiled in Clinton scandal: Andrew McCabe's wife got funding from a Hillary fundraiser 'FUN FACT: Nixon never fired the Director of the FBI': President gets trolled by Tricky Dicky's Library, while critics ask if this is Trump's 'Saturday Night Massacre' Republican Intelligence Committee chairman Richard Burr 'troubled' by Comey's firing, citing both the timing and 'reasoning' of the decision as panel's Russia probe continues 'US at a dark and dangerous moment in history': Democrats and pundits say Trump's firing of FBI chief Comey ignites 'constitutional crisis' not seen since the days of Richard Nixon Grand jury subpoenas are issued to associates of Michael Flynn in FBI's Russia investigation on the same day Trump fires James Comey  Former Clinton conduits criticize Trump for firing Comey while Hillary remains silent Kellyanne Conway finally returns to CNN: Mouthpiece vigorously defends Trump's decision to fire James Comey, arguing it had 'nothing to do with Russia' White House claims it could not trust Sally Yates' warnings about Michael Flynn because she was a 'strong supporter' of Hillary Clinton 'Die-hard liberal' who founded Hollywood production company with Steve Bannon insists 'he’s not a racist or anti-Semitic' Trump White House postpones meeting to decide fate of Paris climate deal AGAIN as Ivanka is still expected to support it Ivanka is upstaged at last! Vice president's pet bunny rabbit - dubbed 'Botus' - is the real star as White House honors military families  Texts hint Penn State pledges were made to do elephant walk while holding each other's penises during obscene frat initiation that ended in teenager's death, as eight more brothers are indicted  PICTURED: Mugshot of The Blind Side inspiration Michael Oher after he 'drunkenly attacked his Uber driver during an argument over directions'  College quarterback younger brother of NFL star Greg Olsen is indicted for 'punching woman, 23, he was dating in the face then raping her in his apartment after a night of drinking' EXCLUSIVE: Student, 15, who was abducted by her teacher, 50, is refusing to return home and claims she is 'IN LOVE' with grandfather who took her on 'fun road trip' Teacher, 50, is told he could be jailed for life for 'kidnapping his 15-year-old student and taking her across state lines for sex' Newark Airport border officers 'were victims of extreme sexual hazing' which included being taped to a 'rape table and assaulted' Another headache for United: Passenger claims airline cancelled his flight reservation because he filmed a dispute with an employee Why a western diet gives you gout: Regularly consuming sugary drinks, red meat and fries raise the risk Revealed: The 45 celebrities that got warning letters from the FTC over their sponsored content posts Not in my yard! Fearless dog is filmed chasing much bigger bear away from owner's patio in upscale California neighborhood Previous Next EXCLUSIVE: Student, 15, who was abducted by her teacher, 50, is refusing to return home and claims she is 'IN LOVE' with grandfather who took her on 'fun road trip' to California Elizabeth Thomas, 15, who spent 39 days on the run with her abductor, is now in rehab and is insisting she be allowed to date her abductor, Tad Cummins, 50  The teen was admitted to an undisclosed special treatment center for trauma victims and is refusing to return home  - there is no timetable for her release A close source told Dailymail.com that Elizabeth doesn't want to move back in with her father whom she blames for splitting up her and Cummins 'As far as she's concerned it was all one big, fun road trip,' the source said adding that the teen claims she is 'in love' with the married teacher Cummins was found on April 20 and is facing up to 12 years in jail for aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor, among other charges By Ben Ashford For Dailymail.com Published: 15:16 EDT, 9 May 2017 | Updated: 17:35 EDT, 9 May 2017 e-mail 2.7k shares 636 View comments Amber alert teen Elizabeth Thomas is in rehab and refusing to return home to her family - claiming she's 'in love' with her schoolteacher abductor who kidnapped her for 39 days. DailyMail.com can reveal that the brainwashed 15-year-old insists she is a 'fully grown woman' who should be entitled to date 50-year-old Tad Cummins. And despite the married grandfather facing a federal child trafficking charge for grooming and kidnapping her, Elizabeth has told friends she had the 'time of her life' during their five weeks on the run. The troubled youngster was the subject to a nationwide amber alert after she disappeared from her hometown of Columbia, Tennessee with father-of-two Cummins on March 13. She was recovered safely on April 20 when police tracked the pair to a remote cabin 2,500 miles away in northern California and arrested the veteran educator without a struggle. Troubled teen: Amber alert victim Elizabeth Thomas, 15, was admitted to a special treatment center following her abduction and insists she is a 'fully grown woman' who should be allowed to date her abductor Tad Cummins, 50, The teen (seen at a Walmart while on the run) was the subject of a nationwide Amber Alert after Cummins abducted her from Columbia, Tennessee for 39 days  Elizabeth was flown back to Tennessee but DailyMail.com can reveal she went into a special treatment center for trauma victims rather than return to her family home. There is no timetable for her release with friends saying the 'messed up' teen will receive expert care 'for as long as it takes' for her to realize she was the victim of a predatory older male. 'Elizabeth says she's in love with Tad and that the pair of them haven't done anything wrong,' said a source. 'She thinks she is a fully grown woman who can date who she likes. 'As far as she's concerned it was all one big, fun road trip. She says she had the time of her life which is obviously pretty tough for the family to hear.' DailyMail.com can reveal Elizabeth's recovery is further complicated by her turbulent family life, with her parents divorcing and her mother facing trial for abusing Elizabeth and several of her nine siblings. Kimberly Thomas, 48, is prevented from speaking to Elizabeth over allegations that she beat her, locked her in a basement and threw her down stairs - a pattern of mistreatment that her father Anthony Thomas says left her vulnerable to grooming. However Elizabeth has also told friends she doesn't want to move back in with her 49-year-old pest controller father, whom she blames for splitting up her and Cummins. She would instead prefer to live with Paige Griffith, the mother of one of her closest friends and someone she regards as a 'second mom'. Elizabeth told her friends that her five weeks on the run with her Cummins was the 'time of her life' and a source told Dailymail.com: 'As far as she's concerned it was all one big, fun road trip.' DailyMail.com revealed that the pair had previously spent ten days hiding at this hippy commune near the cabin where Cummins was arrested, the Black Bear Ranch, where they posed as a married couple and were seen 'making out' like lovers by a camp fire The pair was revealed to have stayed in this attic - They were frequently heard having sex by those in the communal space below. Cummins and Thomas said they were 44 and 24, but the age gap concerned the group 'It's a very complex family situation right now,' our source added. 'All they can do is stand by her and give her as much help as she needs to come to terms with what really happened. 'At the end of the day we are dealing with a very messed-up kid here. Cummins really did a number on her. She was not harmed physically but the mental scars will take years to heal.' Ms Griffith refused to discuss Elizabeth's whereabouts with DailyMail.com but said the teen was in a 'safe' place. Anthony Thomas's lawyer Jason Whatley was unavailable for comment. 'There is no doubt that she has suffered severe emotional trauma and that her process of recovery is only just beginning,' he said in a previous statement. Silver-haired Cummins is said to have spent months grooming his young student and was suspended from his teaching job when another girl witnessed him kissing Elizabeth in a classroom. After leaving a note for his wife Jill, 49, claiming he was 'traveling to Virginia Beach or the D.C. area to clear his mind,' he picked up Elizabeth from a local restaurant where she was in such a hurry to climb into his car that she left behind her schoolbag. Elizabeth is refusing to return home to her family and said she instead prefers to live with Paige Griffith, the mother of one of her closest friends and someone she regards as a 'second mom' Kimberly Thomas, 48, is prohibited from speaking to her daughter over allegations she beat several of her ten children, including Elizabeth DailyMail.com previously revealed how the 'couple' headed west before hiding out for ten days at a remote hippy commune in Cecilville, California, where they posed as a married couple and were seen 'making out' like lovers by a camp fire. They were eventually kicked out of the ramshackle community, who regard clothing as 'optional' and have no internet or phone links to the outside world, because residents found the age gap 'creepy'. Following his capture, Cummins is awaiting extradition to Lawrence County, Tennessee, where he faces up to 12 years in jail for aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor. He also faces a federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines with intent of having criminal sexual intercourse, which carries a minimum ten-year sentence, and further state charges in California. Jill, his estranged wife of 31 years, has filed for divorce on grounds of 'cruel and inhuman treatment'. She told Inside Edition her estranged husband had admitted to sleeping with Elizabeth. The pair disappeared from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13. They traveled to Alabama the next day then on to Oklahoma where they were spotted on March 15 before dropping off the radar until April 20 when they were found in a cabin in northern California  THE PAIR'S FLIGHT FROM JUSTICE January 23: Tad Cummins is spotted kissing Elizabeth Thomas, his student at Culleoka High School, by another student. He denies the claim, saying that they are friends; she is taken out of his classes February 3: Cummins is reprimanded by the school principal after Elizabeth is found to have entered his classroom for around 30 minues February 6: Cummins is suspended  c. March 9: He takes out a $4,500 loan on his car March 12: Cummins buys hair dye from Walmart in Columbia, TN March 13, 7:45am: Thomas is dropped off at Shoney's in Columbia by a friend March 13, 8am: Cummins is seen pumping gas in Columbia March 13, noon: Cummins and Elizabeth are seen together in Decatur, AL, around  70 miles from Columbia. He is fired from his job this same day March 15: Cummins and Thomas are seen buying food at a Walmart. They are sporting dyed hair. This is their last sighting for more than a month March 30: Tad Cummins' wife of 31 years, Jill, files for divorce April 19: The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is contacted by caretaker Griffin Barry, who says the paid is staying on his property in Cecilville, California April 20:  Police converge on the remote cabin, arrest Cummins and confirm that Elizabeth is safe Share or comment on this article e-mail 2.7k shares Most watched News videos 'I wish they didn't let you in the country': Woman tells Muslim 18 charged with manslaughter in Penn State student's death Conrad Hilton goes on racist and homophobic rant during arrest Angry passengers detained by police as they lash out Suspect brutally murders engaged doctors in Boston apartment Baby Bennett says 'I Love you' back to his mum! Alan Joyce cops a pie in the face while giving a speech in Perth CCTV captures moment boy's legs are 'swallowed' by moving escalator Cyclists taking by utter surprise when bear appears on path Elderly woman with two dogs body slammed, thrown into pool Inside the home of American predator David Timothy Deakin Horrifying moment lion bites tamer's throat in front of screaming children Mother 'locked her two toddler sons in boxes like dogs... Teen, 16, turns himself in for throwing 68-year-old woman... Texts suggest Penn State students were made to do... Man, 65, charged with murdering his girlfriend, 60,... Chaos at Fort Lauderdale airport as angry passengers... 'In the bedroom, it was like the gods were fighting': How... 'The battle is likely to be fierce, brutal and quick':... Trump mocks Comey backlash: President accuses Cryin'... Terrifying moment a mountain biker is chased by a BEAR as... Hundreds of workers take cover after tunnel with nuclear... Parents slam Ohio middle school after they suspended... 'I go home to the man I’m in love with': Fox News host... 'He's not shy is he!' Giggling tourists stumble across... Horrifying moment a nine-year-old boy disappears down to... Revealed: The 45 celebrities that got warning letters... Brutal footage from Syria shows the horrific aftermath of... Mother goes into meltdown after three month old baby... Scarred for life… by her own FATHER: Indian woman, 20,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 636 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber, 15, dons leggy lace Marc Jacobs mini-dress at Daisy bash Supported by  her brother, Presley Patrick Dempsey treats his 15-year-old daughter Tallulah to a shopping day at James Perse in West Hollywood Hitting the stores Real Housewives fraudster Teresa Giudice gets over her legal woes as she flaunts bikini figure on Italy trip  Larking around on a hotel balcony A very fit romance! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs go for a jog together in Malibu The couple worked up a sweat as they hit the coastal trails The bald and the beautiful! Braless Halsey debuts her edgy new buzz cut in a sultry tuxedo jumpsuit at the BMI Pop Awards Bold new look All puffed out! Newly sober Miley Cyrus takes her dog Mary Jane for a hike in the Hollywood Hills Was seen walking one of her seven dogs Nicole Murphy shows off her fabulous figure in a shirt dress as she shops for groceries with her mom Ellen Mitchell Seen making their way across the parking lot Red hot! Eva Longoria takes the plunge in satin jumpsuit at Los Angeles screening of Lowriders The actress is always one to make an entrance on the red carpet Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her growing baby bump in fitted black maxi dress and retro shades while grabbing lunch in Malibu Sober Lucy Hale cuts a chic figure in black as she indulges in retail therapy after revealing she quit drinking alcohol She looked the picture of health 'Mom bribes': Kim Kardashian had to give daughter North, three, a lollipop before she'd model kids clothing line North West is learning some diva moves Leaving them Speechless! Minnie Driver, 47, looks radiant in feminine jacket with large bow at screening for her ABC sitcom Youthful appearance MTV's Rob And Big star Christopher 'Big Black' Boykin dies of suspected heart attack at 45 Starred in Rob And Big for three seasons It's artist Brad! Pitt channels James Dean in paint-spattered blue jeans and white shirt The 53-year-old looked the picture of cool while leaving an art studio Bow down! Beyonce shows off her glamorous maternity style as she poses it up for date night Wearing a figure-hugging black dress Running for the hills! Blac Chyna gets in some power walking in all-black workout attire after sharing cute snaps of baby girl Dream Ready for a workout 'Who wants to bum everyone out?': Comedian Jessica St. Clair reveals her battle with breast cancer...a year after entering remission Is that you Kim? Ashley Graham takes inspiration from the queen of curves in FOUR Kardashian-inspired looks in one day Taking fashion notes Going stag! Alex Rodriguez has a rare night out without new love Jennifer Lopez as he goes solo to Sports Emmys Power couple Twice as nice! Priyanka Chopra swaps chic sequins and rebellious motorcycle jacket for sexy sheer halter-dress after TV appearance Quite the entrance! Amelia Gray Hamlin shines in beaded skirt with silver crop top and pale blue jacket for Marc Jacobs' Daisy fragrance bash Mets pitcher Matt Harvey was 'emotional wreck' after seeing photos of his girlfriend Adriana Lima cozying up to former flame and New England Patriots star Relaxed Stephen Belafonte makes supervised visit with daughter Madison, five, as bitter divorce from Mel B drags on Heavily supervised Return of the mack daddy bod! Usher bares his torso once more as he strips off after paddleboarding session Still looking great in his 39th year 'Smiling doesn't win gold medals': Olympic gymnast Simone Biles drives the internet wild after sassily clapping back at Dancing With the Stars judges 'I don't like this': Adam Levine loses singers Lilli Passero and Mark Isaiah as field narrows to eight on The Voice He took a double blow Tuesday Slumber party! Olivia Culpo steps out in white dress and satin trench for National Sleepover Day in NYC Turned the sidewalk into her runway Flying high! Gabi Grecko suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flaunts her extreme cleavage in a VERY racy bodysuit with angel wings 'We should all be feminists': Karlie Kloss steps out in statement t-shirt paired with ripped denims in NYC She had a message for the world The only guy she needs! Kourtney Kardashian hugs son Mason while running errands together in Beverly Hills He is seven years old Blowup in the Big Apple? Jessica Biel appears to storm off ahead of husband Justin Timberlake as he calls out to her in NYC Things looked tense 'Kash has healed incredibly!' Kim Zolciak shares first picture of injuries suffered by son, 4, in dog attack... as he fearlessly cuddles two puppies Booty queens Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid pose in skimpy bikinis on girls' trip to secret tropical paradise Besties hit beach with Hailey Baldwin  Plus-size model Ashley Graham reveals her racist grandmother refused to even acknowledge her black husband when they were first introduced With four of his SEVEN kids: Kelsey Grammer, 62, caught during very rare sighting with the children he had with Camille... as well as two younger ones Leather mama! Cindy Crawford rocks motorcycle jacket with matching pants in Beverly Hills The supermodel easily defied her 51 years 'I thought I sold that MF': 50 Cent laughs off burglary of his Connecticut mansion with cheeky tweet Burglar forced his way onto the 17 acre property 'I had postpartum depression': Sarah Michelle Gellar reveals secret struggle following the birth of daughter, now 7 'I too struggled' That's a lot of makeup for a workout session! Kylie Jenner is heavily glammed with fake eyelashes and lipstick as she models exercise togs She's red hot! Hailey Baldwin goes TOPLESS and covers her breasts with a pair of latex gloves in racy new ModelCo campaign Has people seeing red David Lynch on how Showtime's Twin Peaks nearly fell apart... and his 'pretty prominent' role in the revival Network wasn't offering him a big enough budget Selma Blair oozes grunge glamor in all black ensemble as she takes her dog out for a walk in Beverly Hills Opted to cover up during the outing Rosamund Pike shows off her tiny midriff in a studded black maxi dress as she attends the HHhH film premiere in Paris Gone Girl star 'We were just kids': Tyler Baltierra shares Instagram snap kissing 'middle school sweetheart' Catelynn Lowell Throwback snap Amanda Seyfried runs errands in jogging shorts... six weeks after giving birth to baby girl She just had a baby but that hasn't stopped her getting back to business, PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ready for bikini season! Katy Perry splashes in surf as she shows off svelte shape in favorite swimsuit during Mexican getaway Shopping around! Kate Mara steps out arm-in-arm with longtime stylist Johnny Wujek in Beverly Hills Spotted strolling down Rodeo Drive 'I thought dis guy was the waiter': 'Cash me ousside' girl throws shade at actor David Spade after meeting him Started when Spade posted a photo with her Matt Harvey eats crow in very public apology with mournful Mets pitcher admitting to boozing and golfing before suspension then hides behind his hoodie during first game back Spicing things up! Jessica Simpson reveals she has 'make out dates' with husband Eric Johnson Joked she didn't know why Eric loved her Goodbye LegoLAX! Orlando Bloom is all smiles as he catches a flight out of Los Angeles He flashed his brightest movie star smile as he jetted out of LAX Puppy is handful for Lady Kitty: Diana's niece snuggles up to her sister's new pet pooch  Cuddling her sister's new pooch, George, in South Africa 'I want it to feel inclusive': Zendaya reveals she made her latest Daya fashion line gender neutral It is all about making everyone feel included Just a regular girl! Naya Rivera shops for bargains at Target before heading out for a hike in Los Angeles Seen pushing her cart across the parking lot Dance Moms' Abby Lee Miller gets a year and a day in prison for fraud: Star admits she is a 'laughing stock' as judge jails her for hiding $755,000 in earnings  Harry Styles thrills fans as he channels Elvis in a pink suit while debuting new single Carolina... after it's revealed he 'is dating Naked Diet chef Tess Ward' Bow Wow called out on Twitter after posting pic of 'his' private jet... before being snapped flying commercial An eagle-eyed airline passenger spotted him She never looks bad! Victoria's Secret vet Alessandra Ambrosio stuns in low-cut tank top and elegant coat as she's spotted in LA Effortlessly stylish 'I love my life when you're in it!' Paris Hilton gushes about beau Chris Zylka as they wear matching 'Team Us 4Eva' jackets Series of sweet snaps Princess Mary dazzles at the Norwegian royals' 80th birthday celebration wearing a diamond tiara she's previously worn as a NECKLACE A right royal laugh! Crown Prince Haakon of Norway shaves off his beard in a bizarre prank during the King and Queen's 80th birthday dinner Greek actress Mary Tsoni, star of Oscar-nominated film Dogtooth, found dead aged 30  The cause of death remains unknown 'Every girl should have such a wonderful experience!' Diane Lane opens about youthful fling with Jon Bon Jovi She was asked some very personal questions 'Thank you for always watching over us': Farrah Abraham visits the grave of her daughter's dad Derek Underwood Shared a touching tribute Conrad Hilton refuses to leave his jail cell for court arraignment after his homophobic and racist rant at police during Saturday's arrest Staying put Whitney Port looks bloomin' lovely as she wraps her baby bump in stylish floral kimono  She has been candid about having a tough pregnancy Sophie Turner furiously denies using N-word slur after video clip goes viral (and reveals what she REALLY said)  The Game of Thrones star, 21, spoke out  'Don't f*** it up!' Rami Malek says he felt Freddie Mercury's presence as he played iconic rocker in Queen biopic 'Huge' fan of the band 'We're staying in Sunday night!' Nicole Kidman didn't realize Little Big Lies was a hit until husband Keith Urban's friends began texting her Married at First Sight star thinks he is ready to call it quits after his new wife refuses to hold his hand following a squabble about a PING PONG match It's working out! Rebel Wilson heads to the gym wearing activewear with new boyfriend Aden Stay after couple went public at the MTV Awards New man Fringe benefits! Malin Akerman rocks a chic poncho as she jets out of LAX Stockholm-born platinum blonde slid herself into a poncho The latest model! Sofia Richie rocks head to toe Adidas after signing on to promote their footwear Obviously committed to her role Shay Mitchell smolders in seductive new photo shoot as she teases final season of Pretty Little Liars The 30-year-old actress bared some cleavage  'Trump doesn't want to get beat by a trans woman!' Caitlyn Jenner jokes about golfing with the President... as she reveals she might run for office Penelope Cruz oozes understated elegance in strappy monochrome summer dress as she attends store launch in Spain Oozing star quality Not so mellow yellow! Khloe Kardashian wears VERY daring swimsuit as she proudly shows off body in new advertising campaign for protein shakes   'Change starts within!' Gisele Bundchen is honored at Women Of Vision event in New York City... as she fundraises to pay for meditation teachers Grunge is resurrected! Vanessa Hudgens revisits the Nineties in slip dress, choker and Doc Martins while promoting her new single in New York City He lights her up! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa beams as she enjoys a hug from a friend after she insisted 'dating is not my priority' Big smile on her face Skin-tight jodhpurs. Champers galore. After Harry and Meghan's kiss, why the frisky royals can't resist a spot of passion at the polo Passionate at the polo Catch of the day! Scott Disick's new girlfriend Ella Ross showcases lithe legs and pert derriere in Daisy Dukes and fishnets Spotted in Venice Beach Keeping those Kardashian kurves in check! Kim shares picture of 'gross' diet breakfast... after getting up early to do lunges up the hill Kanye West is making new album at top of mountain in Wyoming... after being absent from Met Gala with wife Kim Kardashian Gone into hiding Playboy model Carla Howe flaunts her voluptuous derriere in a leopard print thong as she poses up a storm in VERY revealing lingerie shoot One hot mama! As Mother's Day approaches, Don't Be Tardy star and mother of six Kim Zolciak shares her style tips for looking and feeling good In fine form! Cara Santana shows off her slim figure in a red bikini as she soaks up the Miami sun Busy planning wedding to fiance Jesse Metcalfe Take that Taylor! Katy Perry and Swift's ex Calvin Harris team up to write a song for his new album Both had public spats with Bad Blood singer Island girl! Nicole Scherzinger looks every inch the Hawaiian beauty as she showcases her tanned curves in a  bikini during a relaxing trip home Revealed: Jodie Sweetin's ex Justin Hodak will only serve 120 DAYS of his six year sentence for witness intimidation and weapons felony EXCLUSIVE: Conrad Hilton pursued romance with Hunter out of revenge against her dad... whose sex tape with sister Paris left him 'bullied' as a boy 'We're all angry... and we want justice!' Prisoners overrun Litchfield in intense trailer for Orange Is The New Black season five Dramatic scenes 'I don't enjoy working out': Eva Longoria reveals she always hopes her personal trainer cancels as she poses in racy swimwear at 42  'She's chilling!' Kim Kardashian left bemused after daughter North West turns 'time out' punishment into a relaxing spa moment Learning from her mom! Countess of Wessex is  belle of the ball as European royals mark King Harald and Queen Sonja of Norway's 80th birthdays with banquet at Oslo's Royal Palace Every sidewalk's a catwalk! Gisele Bundchen showcases her very long legs in NYC... after revealing she meditates in a car 'on the way to work' Baywatch beauty Kelly Rohrbach shows off the sizzling curves that won her the coveted role in an array of Pamela Anderson-inspired swimsuits Brightening their day! Kylie Jenner and Kris melt hearts as they visit families at hospital in Peru for Smile Train The reality daughter and mom were in Lima  The look of love! Kylie Jenner can't take her eyes off new beau Travis Scott as he holds her close during romantic evening stroll in Miami Party Prince reporting for duty: Queen Elizabeth gives Harry the go-ahead to host his FIRST garden reception at Buckingham Palace this summer Fab in florals! Chrissy Teigen looks oh so chic in springtime robe... then playfully shows off her mouth-guard on Snapchat Fun-loving star Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves drowns his sorrows on flight home after doctors in India REFUSE to carry out operation to alter his eye color Selfie 101! Sofia Richie shows off her taut abs in a college sweatshirt as she ditches her pants for an underwear snap The 18-year-old posed up in her bathroom  What's her secret? Who's The Boss? actress Judith Light, 68, looks as good as she did 30 years ago as she hits Lucille Lortel Awards in NYC Spotted! Ivanka Trump steps out in a pretty polka-dot dress and with a very chic 'do as she prepares to host a military appreciation event with Mike Pence Just call him the commando! Mad Men star Jon Hamm appears to have once again forgotten his underwear during outing in Los Angeles PICTURED: Gianni Versace's doorstep slaying is recreated by gun-wielding Darren Criss at iconic mansion for American Crime Story 'It pushed my buttons': LeAnn Rimes talks being a parent to Eddie Cibrian's two sons... and reveals how they celebrate Stepmom's Day Prince's former producer claims unreleased recordings are fair game because he never signed a non-disclosure form Battle over star's estate 'He's a carnival barker': Ethan Hawke takes aim at President Donald Trump claiming his moves have 'energized young people' Outspoken interview Would the real George and Charlotte please stand up? Search for young royals' doubles uncovers a flurry of little lookalikes - so can YOU see the resemblance? Sexy model Suki Waterhouse flashes some sideboob as she smolders in a metallic animal print gown during high-drama photoshoot in Florence Aaron Hernandez dies an innocent man: Judge  throws out ex-Patriots star's murder conviction because he committed suicide during the appeals process Get your cowboy hats ready! CMT Music Awards nominees announced as Blake Shelton, Carrie Underwood and Keith Urban all get nods Chris Pratt praises the 'unbreakable spirit' of young patients as he takes a break from filming Jurassic World 2 to visit children's hospital in London She left the glamour back in Hollywood! Michelle Williams slips into purple sweater, denim overalls and a floral necklace as she's seen in Brooklyn 'I go home to the man I'm in love with': Fox News host Shepard Smith speaks openly about being a gay man and reveals he is in a relationship Make Mother's Day special! From the purse Selena Gomez already gifted her mom, to the earrings Beyoncé loves, FEMAIL rounds up the best gifts for your mama EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Basketball Wives' star Laura Govan describes her painful yeast infections - and how she beat them by ditching thongs and sugar Already Daddy's little girl! Bristol Palin shares a sweet photo of her husband Dakota kissing their newborn daughter Atlee Bay one day after announcing her arrival How reticent Joe DiMaggio revealed the secrets of his marriage to Marilyn Monroe from their rampant sex life to her refusals to wash - to his PODIATRIST EXCLUSIVE: Flip or Flop stars being sued by ex-employee who claims they owe him thousands for finding homes in North Carolina for hit show 'I worked on it!' Nicole Kidman pokes fun at herself over bizarre Oscars applause as she proves she CAN actually clap  Talking to Ellen  Fans go wild for Harry Styles as he steps out in pink suit to debut new single on Today Show... after it's revealed he 'is dating Naked Diet chef Tess Ward' Obama says he's 'fighting Michelle for closet space' (in his NINE BEDROOM mansion) and learning how to make his own coffee PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pippa Middleton and James Matthews can't keep their hands off each other as they put on a VERY cozy display before wedding It's a boy! New Girl star Zooey Deschanel and husband Jacob Pechenik welcome their second child named Charlie Wolf Also have girl Elsie Otter Game Of Thrones star Nathalie Emmanuel stuns in striking ball gown and Union Jack dress for new shoot... as she talks about diversity in Hollywood Pregnant Bar Refaeli shields her blossoming bump in chic floral jumpsuit as she enjoys relaxing dinner in Ibiza with her mother Tzipi Leonardo DiCaprio's ex Cindy Crawford's lookalike daughter Kaia Gerber displays her modeling prowess in a crop top with shorts as her latest fashion campaign is unveiled     DON'T MISS Emma Watson accused of receiving special treatment from MTV as she was 'told she had won gender-less award BEFORE the ceremony' Transgender actress Jamie Clayton strips off in new season of Netflix drama Sense8... while former Doctor Who star Freema Agyeman also bares all as her lover  Fresh start! Jennifer Garner visits cookware store in Los Angeles after it's claimed Ben Affleck moved out of their $45m mansion Headed for divorce 'That would punish me deeply': Kiwi songstress Lorde reveals she prefers her friends NOT to call her by her stage name Opens up about her life 'They call it an alternative fact, I call it bulls**t': Robert De Niro slams Donald Trump's 'divisive' claims arts funding only benefits the 'rich liberal elite'  Not a morning person? Rumer Willis does not look ready to face the day as she heads to gym in West Hollywood after her glamorous performance on Empire Fresh tattoos! Kesha shows off a colorful whale and a skull with a rainbow coming out of it on Instagram The Tik Tok singer gets new inkings Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller waits to hear whether she will be sent to prison for two years as her lawyers wrangle over '$775,000 she hid from bankruptcy judges' Pregnant Teen Mom 2 star Kailyn Lowry posts and then deletes snap in bed with mystery man...who is NOT the father of unborn child No sign of Chris Lopez Man who is banned from going within 100 yards of Kiera Knightley's $5m home 'broke his restraining order by tweeting the actress'  American Idol reboot is CONFIRMED by ABC after just one year off air... as Ryan Seacrest admits he is unsure if he would have time to host the revival Getting physical! Sophie Turner flaunts her gams in figure-hugging workout leggings as she leaves New York gym with boyfriend Joe Jonas  Nicole Richie looks effortlessly stylish in a champagne pink ensemble as she joins sister-in-law Cameron Diaz for lunch in Beverly Hills Barack Obama relaxes at $20,000-a-night hilltop villa in Tuscany and takes up two floors of five-star hotel in Milan during two-day trip to Italy   Prince Philip's former naval colleague reveals secrets of the Duke's younger years at his latest outing since announcing his plans to retire later this year Fierce! Cara Delevingne goes wild in tiger-print flared suit for new '70s-themed campaign... ahead of shaving off her locks for new movie role Those boots were made for walking! Tara Reid cuts a stylish figure in white slim fit denims as she steps out for dinner in West Hollywood Stylish Kate Mara joins fiancé Jamie Bell and his three-year-old son for a casual day of bowling in LA Actress, 34, played mom to the little boy Feelin' So Good! Inseparable Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hold hands on dinner date stroll in NYC Week after red carpet debut at Met Gala Bella Thorne showcases her taut torso (along with her nipple piercing) as she steps out with lookalike sister Dani in an edgy ripped ensemble Foodie family! Denise Richards flaunts her slender figure in loose-fitting vest as she goes grocery shopping with her darling daughter Sam, 13 Irina Shayk displays her incredible post-baby figure in stylish workout gear as she enjoys Pilates class in Santa Monica Bradley Cooper girlfriend Puppy love! Prince Charles pets a dog as he and Camilla kick off their four-day Irish tour in Londonderry with a visit to an arts center Busy royal couple Copying Rihanna and Kate Hudson's top knot hairstyle could leave you BALD, warn experts (and men with man buns are also at risk) Hair-raising problem Jude Law's ex Catherine Harding flaunts her peachy posterior as she enjoys paddle boarding jaunt in a skimpy watermelon printed bikini 'We all cry with you': Aliyah Moulden breaks down singing live about late father as the Top 10 perform on The Voice Tears for dad she never got to know 'Surprise! We are pregnant!' Jason Aldean and wife Brittany Kerr are expecting their first child together Country singer has two kids with ex-wife Baywatch's Donna D'Errico reveals she had 'arm-lift, tummy tuck, lipo and a fat transfer to my buttocks' in a SINGLE DAY How she looks hot at 49 Fifty Shades Of K! Bra-free Kim Kardashian oozes sex appeal as she squeezes into skintight black outfit... but a fake tan disaster leaves her with orange streaky legs 'That shirt looks VERY familiar!' Eagle-eyed fans spot Harry Styles' rumored new flame Tess Ward wearing his top... as new 'romance' sparks divided opinions 'Blame the viewers': Bonner Bolton gets booted off DWTS after harsh criticism from judge Len Goodman Very sexy routine couldn't save rodeo rider Make way for the 'Bindles'! Bindi Irwin and Derek Hough reunite while on set of  Dancing With The Stars Pair became pals while competing together Single siren! Joanna Krupa steps out in mini dress for lunch as split from husband Romain Zago becomes public She put her long legs on display Selfie for two! Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump in clingy white top and denim jacket So happy being pregnant They be Jive Talkin'! Bee Gee Barry Gibb has cozy meal with daughter Alexandra... amid claims brother Maurice fathered secret love child Glamorous Mariah Carey, 47, slips her hourglass curves into figure-hugging jeans as she enjoys a casual dinner at a Japanese restaurant in LA Rip It Low! Christina Milian displays her toned curves in distressed tight white jeans and matching crop top as she steps out for a leisurely day Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez displays her sizzling beach body and pert behind in TINY bikini as the couple enjoy romantic break in Ibiza Scott Disick has drinks THROWN at him by Kim and Khloe Kardashian (and even Kris Jenner) after he takes a woman on family trip Sparked furious reaction  Mean girls! Jennie Garth and Tori Spelling reignite feud with former 90210 costar Tiffani Thiessen and refuse to speak her name Mocked her Bond girl Monica Bellucci, 52, flaunts her age-defying looks in a floor-length tulip dress at the premiere of film On The Milky Road in Rome 'Welcome to the world!' Bristol Palin gives birth to baby girl Atlee Bay - with thrilled grandma grizzly Sarah among the first to wish congratulations O'Reilly breaks cover! Former Fox News host Bill is pictured at New York Mets game with ex-colleague Geraldo Rivera Pair's ballpark night out  Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her extreme cleavage in revealing social snaps Meryl Streep, Robert De Niro and Christopher Walken enjoy Deer Hunter reunion 40 years after making Oscar-winning Vietnam War movie Elizabeth Hurley puts on a sophisticated display in a black brocade coat and scallop hem dress as she enjoys dinner in London Caitlyn Jenner admits to cross-dressing on trip to Las Vegas before transitioning during appearance on Late Late Show Chatting to Corden Just another day at the office! Lady Gaga displays her fit physique in a bodysuit on A Star Is Born set Filming the 4th remake of the film since April Nikki Reed posts another photo of her baby bump as she models her clothing line on social media Married to Vampire Diaries star Ian 'I hope she is fearless': Channing Tatum pens sweet essay about his daughter Everly and how he wants her to grow up to be like her mom Jenna Dewan General Hospital actor and Trump fan Antonio Sabato Jr to run for Congress after claiming Hollywood blacklisted him for publicly supporting the president Twins! Danny DeVito and look-alike daughter Lucy flash identical smirks at the Actors Fund Gala Joined him at the gala as he was honored '10 years and going!' Make-up free Jordana Brewster and husband Andrew Form share a romantic kiss after celebrating wedding anniversary Puppy love! Paris Jackson smooches her pooch during lunchtime outing in Los Angeles The 19-year-old couldn't stop kissing her dog, Koa Bear So in love! Zachary Quinto and boyfriend Miles McMillan pack on the PDA in NYC The pair kept a tight hold on each other as they strolled through NYC Jimmy Kimmel returns to his show to defend emotional healthcare speech as he reveals baby son is on the mend after life-saving heart surgery  Bald Cara Delevingne looks sleepy while jetting out of LA the day after attending the MTV Movie Awards She had a full day Monday 'I wouldn't be working either': Kim Zolciak reveals 20-year-old daughter Brielle is making six figures on social media Doesn't need a job Flex appeal! Julianne Hough reveals toned arms and legs in asymmetric dress on the red carpet for Dancing With The Stars Highlighted her fit figure 'Check it out!' Celebrity realtor Ryan Serhant teases Million Dollar Listing's 'insane' sixth season Begins airing on Bravo later this month Nugget's time to shine! Katy Perry's dog wins a starring role in his first campaign as the singer plays with the teacup poodle in a kimono co-ord 'I shouldn't get emotional again': Millie Bobby Brown pokes fun of weepy speech before heading out of LA Star of Netflix series Stranger Things Lisa Rinna and Amelia Hamlin have a mother-daughter shopping spree at Marc Jacobs in West Hollywood Enjoyed a little retail therapy 'I'm Conrad motherf***ing Hilton': Paris's brother to be bailed after unleashing homophobic and racist rant at police as long as he agrees to treatment Sean 'Diddy' Comb's ex chef alleges he and his pals exposed themselves to her... as rapper calls her sexual harassment lawsuit 'frivolous' As hot as the Sahara desert! Justin Bieber's racy ex Ray flaunts her sideboob in a high cut swimsuit one week after posing topless Former flame Who let the dogs out! Rumer Willis dresses down in sweat pants as she takes pet pooch on shopping spree in West Hollywood Appearing in Empire  The oldest hipster in town! Michael Douglas, 72, unveils a hirsute new look as he attends Chaplin Award gala Sported plenty of facial hair Amy Schumer reveals how excited her father was when she told him she'd be working with Goldie Hawn... as he has a picture of her above his bed Flawless couple! Basketball star Dwyane Wade supports his gorgeous wife Gabrielle Union at her beauty product party in Miami What sorcery is this? Poppy Delevingne and Annabelle Wallis look magical in elegant gowns at the LA premiere of King Arthur Stars of the new movie From hell and back again! Hellboy reboot to have R-rating and star Stranger Things actor David Harbour Director Guillermo del Toro Kenny Goss reveals he was in an 'open relationship with George Michael... and would talk about other men they slept with' Wham singer's ex lover HAIR over heels in love: Sophie Turner jumps for joy on New York City walk with boyfriend Joe Jonas They were the picture of young love Bye George! Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber are all smiles after flying back home following birthday break with their close Clooney Keeping it in the family! Kiera Chaplin looks stunning in a goddess inspired gown at awards ceremony named after her grandfather Every inch the star Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd shows off her fit figure in a crop top as she wears sunglasses to dinner at Tao in Hollywood Looking like a Milian bucks: Christina wows in green gown at King Arthur premiere in Los Angeles Held a very glittery clutch and wore silver earrings Split! Real Housewives Of Miami star Joanna Krupa 'broke it off with husband of four years Romain Zago FIVE MONTHS ago' Kept it secret for months Phaedra Parks 'fired' from Real Housewives of Atlanta after admitting she started 'drug and date rape' rumor about co-star Kandi Burruss Made ugly allegations You CAN Always Get What You Want! The Rolling Stones show no signs of slowing down as they announce plans to hit the road for European tour Sienna Miller looks morose while filming The Burning Woman with Christina Hendricks...after hacking scandal Getting crazy with their mini-me kids! Nick and Vanessa Lachey pull faces as they pose in Los Angeles with son Camden and daughter Brooklyn Fly girl! Jennifer Lopez jumps into action as she films subway scene in New York for Shades Of Blue Snapped filming an action sequence Not long now! Teen Mom Kailyn Lowry shows off her bump on girls' night with Amber Portwood Relaxing at a hotel in Los Angeles 'Three of my awards got taken': Rachel Griffiths reveals her Golden Globe and two SAG awards were STOLEN from her home last year Mom's the word! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her slender form in ripped jeans for lunch with Kim Wore a loose cropped sweatshirt That's amore! Ricky Martin and Edgar Ramirez embrace as lovers Gianni Versace and Antonio D'Amico during filming for American Crime Story She can't keep her clothes on! Courtney Stodden flashes her sideboob as she shows off her new hair color in Instagram clip Flaunting her curves All aboard the love boat! Kylie Jenner kisses new beau Travis Scott while partying on a sleek vessel at Miami's River Yacht Club Living the high life Demi Lovato splits from MMA fighter boyfriend Guilherme Vasconcelos The former couple first connected on a romantic level last July My little angel! Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of Saint West with her Instagram fans  Kim doted on her one-year-old son Priyanka Chopra jets home after heart-warming UNICEF trip to help underprivileged children in Zimbabwe and South Africa Arrived back in LA I'll take one in every color! LeAnn Rimes wears red version of her favorite lace-up top Doesn't mind buying the same top in multiple colors Is 'ribcage bragging' the most worrying trend yet? This latest celebrity Instagram craze takes the cult of skinny to a new low An example to girls 'It made me a little sad': Harrison Ford reveals he was jealous when he saw Ryan Gosling 'working with a naked woman' on Blade Runner 2049 set Tiffany Trump looks studious in a tweed jacket as she attends a fashion show hours after it's revealed she'll attend law school at Georgetown University Richard Simmons accuses his ex-assistant of blackmail, stalking and extortion for selling 'cruel' sex change story Made claims in a lawsuit Angie Bowie steals the show in head-turning ensemble at premiere of new film Beside Bowie... despite her tumultuous past with late rocker Colourful figure 'He is completely besotted': Harry Styles 'is dating Naked Diet chef Tess Ward after being introduced through mutual friends' One Direction hunk Emily Ratajkowski goes topless in ANOTHER provocative selfie as she cheekily covers her perky cleavage with her hands Took to Instagram 'Not much competition': Liam Gallagher tells fans his solo single is coming... as he takes ANOTHER swipe at brother Noel and Damon Albarn Today's headlines Most Read Trump mocks Comey backlash: President accuses Cryin' Chuck Schumer of hypocrisy after Senate minority leader... Blindsided James Comey thought he was being PRANKED when news he was fired by Trump flashed up on TV while... Trump to meet Russian Foreign Minister one day after firing James Comey amid FBI investigation into... Comey's replacement is also embroiled in Clinton scandal: Andrew McCabe's wife got funding from a Hillary... 'FUN FACT: Nixon never fired the Director of the FBI': President gets trolled by Tricky Dicky's Library,... Republican Intelligence Committee chairman Richard Burr 'troubled' by Comey's firing, citing both the timing... 'US at a dark and dangerous moment in history': Democrats and pundits say Trump's firing of FBI chief Comey... Grand jury subpoenas are issued to associates of Michael Flynn in FBI's Russia investigation on the same day... Former Clinton conduits criticize Trump for firing Comey while Hillary remains silent Kellyanne Conway finally returns to CNN: Mouthpiece vigorously defends Trump's decision to fire James Comey,... White House claims it could not trust Sally Yates' warnings about Michael Flynn because she was a 'strong... 'Die-hard liberal' who founded Hollywood production company with Steve Bannon insists 'he’s not a racist or... Trump White House postpones meeting to decide fate of Paris climate deal AGAIN as Ivanka is still expected... Ivanka is upstaged at last! Vice president's pet bunny rabbit - dubbed 'Botus' - is the real star as White... Texts hint Penn State pledges were made to do elephant walk while holding each other's penises during... PICTURED: Mugshot of The Blind Side inspiration Michael Oher after he 'drunkenly attacked his Uber driver... College quarterback younger brother of NFL star Greg Olsen is indicted for 'punching woman, 23, he was... EXCLUSIVE: Student, 15, who was abducted by her teacher, 50, is refusing to return home and claims she is... Teacher, 50, is told he could be jailed for life for 'kidnapping his 15-year-old student and taking her... Newark Airport border officers 'were victims of extreme sexual hazing' which included being taped to a 'rape... Another headache for United: Passenger claims airline cancelled his flight reservation because he filmed a... Why a western diet gives you gout: Regularly consuming sugary drinks, red meat and chips raise the risk Revealed: The 45 celebrities that got warning letters from the FTC over their sponsored content posts Not in my yard! Video shows fearless dog chasing much bigger black bear away from owner's patio in upscale... Oregon planning to be first state with a 'no gender' option on its driving licenses which could be available... The science of offense: Researchers reveal why we laugh at racist and sexist jokes Sam the missing 17-foot python slithers back to Alaska home after two weeks missing Amtrak engineer will NOT be charged in deadly Philadelphia crash that killed eight in 2015 despite NTSB... Father-of-two chief coroner, 46, from a wealthy San Francisco suburb 'sexually abused an underage girl for... MORE HEADLINES Skies over Moscow turn red as Russia concludes 72nd Victory Day celebration with a massive fireworks display to mark the defeat of Hitler Trump mocks Comey backlash: President accuses Cryin' Chuck Schumer of hypocrisy after Senate minority leader claims firing of FBI director has 'shattered' the criminal justice system  Chaos at Fort Lauderdale airport as angry passengers clash with cops: Three are charged with inciting a riot and customers are thrown to the floor as ELEVEN canceled flights lead to ugly scenes Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller sobs as she gets a year and a day in prison for fraud: The 50-year-old admits she is a 'laughing stock' as judge jails her for hiding $755,000 in earnings EXCLUSIVE: Student, 15, who was abducted by her teacher, 50, is refusing to return home and claims she is 'IN LOVE' with grandfather who took her on 'fun road trip' to California 'In the bedroom, it was like the gods were fighting': How famously reticent Joe DiMaggio revealed the secrets of his marriage to Marilyn Monroe from their rampant sex life to her refusals to wash – to his PODIATRIST Teen, 16, turns himself in for throwing 68-year-old woman into a pool at townhouse party caught on shocking viral video Man, 65, charged with murdering his girlfriend, 60, claims she accidentally choked to death giving him oral sex - and he wants to show the jury his PENIS as part of his defense 'The battle is likely to be fierce, brutal and quick': Hacker group Anonymous warns that World War Three is 'looming' on the Korean peninsula Texts hint Penn State pledges were made to do elephant walk while holding each other's penises during obscene frat initiation that ended in teenager's death, as eight more brothers are indicted  'I go home to the man I’m in love with': Fox News host Shepard Smith speaks openly about being a gay man and reveals he is in a relationship Single woman fed up with men texting her explicit pictures fools one would-be Romeo into meeting her for a threesome . . . at Buckingham Palace Terrifying moment a mountain biker is chased by a BEAR as he rides through a forest  'She fell out and was sucked under by the rapids... she just disappeared': Horrified children tell how schoolgirl, 11, was killed on Drayton Manor water ride after ‘her raft hit a rock when she stood up to swap seats’ Mother 'locked her two toddler sons in boxes like dogs where they were found naked and covered in waste' College quarterback younger brother of NFL star Greg Olsen is indicted for 'punching woman, 23, he was dating in the face then raping her in his apartment after a night of drinking' Obama says he's 'fighting Michelle for closet space' (in his NINE BEDROOM mansion) and learning how to make his own coffee – as he insists 'I became more humble the longer I was in office' Parents slam Ohio middle school after they suspended their seventh grade son for 10 DAYS because he 'liked' an Instagram photo of an airsoft gun  Revealed: The 45 celebrities that got warning letters from the FTC over their sponsored content posts Girl, four, killed by a 'catastrophic' blow to the stomach in suspected child abuse case Mets pitcher Matt Harvey celebrated Cinco de Mayo by partying at NYC nightclub until 4am while drinking champagne, vodka and tequila - on same day he called out sick with a 'migraine' Scarred for life… by her own FATHER: Indian woman, 20, suffers terrible injuries when parent throws acid in her face 'because she knew he was selling young women to men'  Hundreds of workers take cover after tunnel with nuclear waste at plutonium finishing plant collapses Barack Obama relaxes at $20,000-a-night hilltop villa in Tuscany and takes up two floors of five-star hotel in Milan during two-day trip to Italy  Why labradors always win eating contests: Greedy dog nails cake prize by wolfing down its own plate in seconds - before scoffing everyone else's  Six-month-old baby dies after being attacked by a dog in Las Vegas  ISIS claim they've beheaded Russian intelligence officer captured in Syria on the day Putin celebrates anniversary of Russia's victory over the Nazis  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Tech Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Xiaomi debuts new smartphone line in Mexico in push for overseas growth  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech XIAOMI Xiaomi Xiaomi Xiaomi debuts new smartphone line in Mexico in push for overseas growth PUBLISHED : Wednesday, 10 May, 2017, 1:00am UPDATED : Wednesday, 10 May, 2017, 1:00am Comments:   Meng Jing Share PrintEmail Related topics Xiaomi Related Articles China Tech Xiaomi downplays Russian ban on smartphones bought online 9 May 2017 China Tech Smartphone giant turns to air purifiers to crack India 25 Apr 2017 China Tech Xiaomi bets on Mi6 smartphone to regain its mojo in China 20 Apr 2017 Xiaomi is doubling down on Latin America by debuting a new product line in Mexico as the Chinese smartphone major looks beyond its home market for growth. Beijing-based Xiaomi launched a new line that includes its Redmi 4X and Redmi Note 4 models, which start at 3,999 pesos (US$208) and 5,499 pesos respectively, in the Mexico market on Tuesday at the company’s first official product launch event in the country. The move will enable Xiaomi to bring more of its smartphones to the Latin American region where it has already partnered with numerous online and offline retailers and distributors, including Coppel, Best Buy, Amazon and Wal-Mart. “Mexico is an important market and our starting point to reach the rest of Latin America. We couldn’t be more excited to bring our innovation to more customers in the region,” said Donovan Sung, director of product management and marketing at Xiaomi Global. Xiaomi has already launched the Redmi 4X and Redmi Note 4 in China. Both are categorised as budget phones, with retail prices starting under 1,000 yuan in its home market. The official product launch in Mexico, which comes within two weeks of the debut in Russia, marks the firm’s latest push in overseas expansion. China’s Xiaomi branches out beyond smartphones to crack Indian market Xiaomi, a top five smartphone maker in five markets outside China – India, Ukraine, Indonesia, Burma, Israel – is gearing up its overseas expansion strategy as it tries to regain traction after being eclipsed by its Chinese rivals, namely Huawei Technologies, Oppo and Vivo. Founded by Chinese entrepreneur Lei Jun in 2010, Xiaomi was once China’s most valuable technology start-up and a sales leader in the mainland’s smartphone market in 2014. “Given the intensified competition and limited growth potential in China’s smartphone market, it is only natural for Xiaomi to rely on overseas expansion to drive sales,” said James Yan, a Beijing-based research director with Counterpoint Technology Market Research. “Xiaomi has already had rich experience of entering foreign markets via fostering good relations with local telecom operators. The experience can also be applied in the Mexican market.” He said Xiaomi’s overall success overseas requires the company to make wise decisions on when to enter which market. Xiaomi bets on Mi6 smartphone to regain its mojo in China Xiaomi ranks seventh in terms of global smartphone shipments, capturing 3.5 per cent of the global market in the first quarter of 2017 compared with 4.3 per cent in the first quarter of 2016. The US$100 to US$199 price segment, which is mainly driven by Samsung’s J series, Huawei’s Honor series, Oppo’s A series and Xiaomi’s Redmi series, has quickly become the sweet spot across the pre-paid developed and emerging markets. The segment accounts for one in three smartphones shipped globally, registering a healthy 28.8 per cent year-on-year growth in the first quarter of 2017 and outgrowing overall global smartphone shipments growth of 11 per cent in the same period, according to data from Counterpoint Technology. Meanwhile, according to Russian media reports, large quantities of Xiaomi smartphones have been blocked at the borders since April on intellectual property concerns and as Russia tightens its laws against the import of counterfeit goods. Xiaomi said it was aware of the situation and is working closely with the distributor, Hong Kong-based RDC, to resolve matters. The company said it will abide by the laws of Russian Federation. Tech Wrap Get updates direct to your inbox. E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Russia blocks China’s social media app WeChat 2 China hits milestone in developing quantum computer 3 Huawei, Vivo are why the iPhone is losing ground in China 4 Hong Kong police on alert for lone wolves inspired by Islamic State 5 What’s behind Apple’s sales decline in greater China? Shared 1 Russia blocks China’s social media app WeChat 2 China hits milestone in developing quantum computer 3 Facebook glitch leaves users unable to upload or access photos 4 Hong Kong police on alert for lone wolves inspired by Islamic State 5 Huawei, Vivo are why the iPhone is losing ground in China Commented 1 Arrested British band’s plea to Hong Kong: let music flourish 2 Joshua Wong is no worthy champion of democracy in Hong Kong 3 Jail for Jakarta governor over blasphemy against Islam 4 Our police can handle insults themselves 5 Top Chinese scientist’s move to US sparks soul-searching in China Promotions SCMP invites you to watch The West Side Story Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now!       You may also like Hong Kong Hongkongers’ shopping habits among world’s unhealthiest 8 May 2017 - 8:20am 14 Making the magic happen on holiday In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Opinion What China’s Xiongan New Area can learn from ancient Egypt 8 May 2017 - 10:54pm 5 Cover Story – Central Asia: Partnership for Growth Sponsored by HKUST Business School Geopolitics Three mysterious links between Macau and North Korea 7 May 2017 - 11:49am Geopolitics Vanishing act: what happened to Macau’s North Koreans? 7 May 2017 - 12:03pm 3 Comment Air China feeling the effects of Cathay’s travails 8 May 2017 - 10:09pm 3 News Forbidden City’s treasures for the masses, at a thumb’s scroll 7 May 2017 - 10:56pm 2 Health & Beauty China pushes limits of endurance with 400km Ultra Gobi race 8 May 2017 - 5:47pm 4 Asia North Korea detains another US citizen May 8th 2017, 4:51pm 2 China China’s Tencent ‘deeply sorry’ after Russia blocks WeChat 7 May 2017 - 2:02am 8 Hong Kong Cathay launches leadership shake-up ahead of major restructure 6 May 2017 - 11:29pm 22 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
null
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate Standardised truck sizes, packaging ‘key to cutting supply chain costs’ Mamuni Das comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet “Standardisation of truck sizes is extremely important to improve efficiency and reduce losses. We applaud India as they are considering a voluntary truck replacement programme” Kamal Narang New Delhi, May 9:   Reusing packaging material may be normal for Indian households, but doing the same at a macro level — across different firms and countries — counts as one of the top methodologies for sustainability. At a time when India is considering voluntary truck replacement programme, an India-US task force on supply chain, of the US India Business Council, points out the need to have guidelines for sizes of trucks and also of packaging material, a move which can sharply lower the supply chain costs. Improving efficiency “Standardisation of truck sizes is extremely important to improve efficiency and reduce losses. We applaud India as they are considering a voluntary truck replacement programme,” Mike Mullin, Senior Director, Global Government and Public Affairs, Brambles, and head of a task force set up by US India Business Collaboration on supply chain standards and practices, told BusinessLine. Brambles is a packaging solutions company that operates with brand name CHEP and IFCO. Tertiary packaging Mullin said that the India-US task force on supply chain would encourage India to consider standardised truck for commercial vehicles to have efficient loading and unloading, something that most of the modern supply chains have. This also results lowering their cost of supply chain as a percentage of GDP . Mullin also stressed on the need to standardise tertiary packaging, and shared how retailers pool their packaging material to lower costs. “Standardisation in packaging is important. Packaging can be thought of as primary packaging when products are put into boxes and then when they are put into pallets, they are tertiary packaging,” he added. “We provide reusable packaging; reusing is a higher standard of environmental sustainability. For instance, if there are Walmart and P&G; and Walmart calls up P&G and says they want soap, P&G calls us and asks for a box to ship the soaps and we ship the boxes to them. If the pallets don’t go back to the point of origin, they go to the nearest service centre from where they can be picked up by another customer for use the same day,” he said. Longer life “Walmart doesn’t want to compete against firms who have the best pallets — so they share the best pallets in a pool, which is more sustainable environmentally. The pallets are engineered for a ten-year life span, the plastics — in reusable crates — are also sustainable for a long time. They have collapsible sides, and so, when empty, they are easier to stack,” added Mullin. In the context of logistics, India can learn from the US, the UK, Europe and Australia, in terms of standardised truck sizes, which allows for the use of unit load devices — basically pallets and things like that. “You can reduce costs of moving goods by almost half at times having standardized packaging. You also fill the truck to the fullest,” he added. (This article was published on May 9, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS transport and logistics | road transport | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. VIDEO Ennore Oil Spill Two ships collided off the Kamarajar Port, Ennore, tamil Nadu on January 28. One of them carrying 32,813 tonnes of oil, was damaged and this lead to an oil spill. Watch to know more. more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED In jobs push, PM prioritises solar gear manufacture, drives ethanol blending El Nino fears recede as global agencies scale back threat Women already on maternity break also eligible for enhanced leave: govt Justice Karnan sentenced to 6 months imprisonment In Gujarat, it’s been a week of embarassments for Cong, BJP India set to get higher monsoon rains than forecast: IMD International Court of Justice stays Jadhav’s hanging Apex court holds Mallya in contempt for not revealing $40 m given to children Congress, BJP yet to submit audits of poll funding for FY16 Bahubali-2 makes epic debut at box-office Top Gainers / Top Losers Business Wire TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions TSYS to Acquire TransFirst to Establish Leadership Position in Merchant Solutions Business Wire India TSYS® (NYSE: TSS), a leading global payment solutions provider, today announced it has entered into a definitive a... » Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Murex Named a Leader in Gartner’s 2015 "Magic Quadrant for Trading Platforms" Business Wire India Murex, the distinguished provider of capital markets and treasury solutions, is proud to announce that it has been named as a Lea... » Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Kroll Ontrack empowers local control over data with mobile ediscovery technology and local expertise Business Wire India Amid global legal changes which affect the transfer of data between countries and in regulated industries, organisations are grap... » Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Foremay Ships Full Disk Encryption SED SSD with Crypto Erase Business Wire India Foremay, Inc., a leader of technology innovation in rugged solid state drives and one of the world’s » Read More » LATEST NEWS Oil prices rise on expectation of Aramco supply cut to Asia 4 min. ago World’s heaviest man goes under knife in Mexico 12 min. ago Sensex surges 226 points; HUL Bharti Airtel top gainers 13 min. ago Nifty call: Wait for dips and go long near 9,375 with a stop-loss at 9,355 21 min. ago Taranjeet Singh to head Twitter India 27 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in News PM launches integrated case management system of Supreme Court Prime Minister Narendra Modi today launched the integrated case management system of the Supreme Court in the presence of the Chief Just... » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Feds Shut Down Guaranty Bank, Closing Branches In Walmart, Kroger Stores Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Feds Shut Down Guaranty Bank, Closing Branches In Walmart, Kroger Stores Image courtesy of Adam Fagen May 9, 2017 1:25 pm EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup Bank Failures banks failures guaranty bank office of the comptroller of the currency Last week, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency shut down Guaranty Bank, which also did business as BestBank. While the shutdown and transfer process is supposed to be relatively simple for bank customers, they’re facing long lines at the remaining banks. The bank had branches in Georgia, Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, and Wisconsin, with the banks in Georgia and Michigan doing business as BestBank. The issue for customers is that the majority of its branches were inside Walmart stores and Kroger-owned supermarkets, but the only branches that will reopen as First Citizens Bank & Trust are the free-standing ones. “When did banks start failing again?” you might ask. “Should we start the Recession Watch back up?” No, banks fail more often than we realize. Guaranty is the fifth bank to fail so far in 2017. The Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel reports that the bank was still dealing with after-effects of bad loans made during last decade’s housing crisis. The government closed the bank late on Friday, with the OCC saying in a statement that “the bank had experienced substantial dissipation of assets or earnings due to unsafe or unsound practices,” and that Guaranty “was significantly undercapitalized and failed to submit a capital restoration plan acceptable to the OCC.” Yet an investment banker told the Journal-Sentinel that his clients were planning to invest $100 million in the bank, which would have brought its levels of capital above the level needed to protect against loans gone bad. He called the shutdown “a horrendous case of government overreach,” and claimed that bank regulators were aware of the investment plan. The shutdown is done, though, and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation chose First Citizens Bank & Trust out of North Carolina to take over most of the assets and customers of Guaranty. However, customers aren’t happy about this, since the store-based branches will not re-open, and they were 105 of Guaranty’s 117 branches. “There’s just no locations anywhere near us anymore,” one customer who traveled to a branch to close her account told TV station WITI. “It took about 35 minutes to get here.” In Wisconsin, the state with 10 remaining branches, people reported waiting for an hour to get help on Monday morning. It wasn’t just the shutdown: The bank had gone from 48 locations in the state to 10 over the weekend, which meant that regular Monday-morning bank business transferred to the standalone branches too. Former Best Bank customers in Georgia and Michigan are completely out of luck, since there were no standalone branches in their states at all. If they decide to leave and choose a bank or credit union that actually has offices nearby, they will be allowed to withdraw their money from Guaranty accounts with no penalty. That includes certificates of deposit, as long as that money isn’t being used as collateral for a loan. You don’t have to worry about any checks you have from Guaranty customers not being honored because of the change. Customers are also still able to use their debit cards and make loan payments, and make withdrawals from ATMs. Not the ones in Walmarts and grocery stores, though: Those have been shut down. May 9, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup Bank Failures banks failures guaranty bank office of the comptroller of the currency Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related the personal touch Why Are There Still So Many Bank Branches Everywhere? Because You Keep Going. on second thought Amid Fake Account Fiasco, Wells Fargo Must Now Get Permission to Hire Or Fire Executives predicting the fallout Report: Fake Account Fiasco Could Cost Wells Fargo $4B, Thousands Of Customers Payin' The Fines Bank Of America Must Pay $30M For Military Relief Law Violations Vulnerable Banking Risk Evaluation Report Finds Mobile Banking Leaves Some Banks More Vulnerable to Cyber Attacks Previous Customer Accuses Burger King Of Bogus BOGO Deals Next Amid Cancelations & Delays, Court Orders Spirit Airlines Pilots To Halt Alleged Work Slowdown Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Amid Cancelations & Delays, Court Orders Spirit Airlines Pilots To Halt Alleged Work Slowdown Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... Voters could easily reach a bipartisan deficit deal, study finds Finance — 2h 51m ago Dems ask Justice Dept, FBI to 'preserve any and all files' on Comey firing House — 3h 41m ago Reporter arrested after repeatedly questioning Health secretary Media — 3h 46m ago Senate Dems to meet Wednesday on Comey Blog Briefing Room — 3h 49m ago GOP rep: No one should hear of a firing on TV National Security — 3h 54m ago Trump dings ‘Cryin’ Chuck Schumer’ for bashing Comey firing Administration — 3h 58m ago Clinton campaign manager: Trump firing Comey ‘wrong’ National Security — 4h 28m ago US Attorney fired by Trump: 'Everyone' should be troubled by Comey firing Administration — 4h 43m ago view all   If we can save manufacturing jobs, we can save our retail industry By Jeff Reeves, opinion contributor - 05/09/17 02:00 PM EDT 4   © Getty Images It’s not surprising to see politicians get creative with the numbers to score points with voters. For example, despite the president’s feel-good executive orders rolling back emissions regulations, as well as photo ops with the coal industry meant to play well in states like West Virginia and Kentucky, mining companies know reality is much different. Just ask the founder and CEO of the largest private coal firm in the country, who admitted recently that Trump should “temper his expectations” and that he “can’t bring (jobs) back” to the sector because of big-picture pressures. Whether or not the moves create or save jobs is moot, really. It’s all about how the electorate perceives things. But that’s what I have never understood about the GOP’s obsession with coal mining. It’s not the idea of giving the industry false hope that bothers me so much as the fact that the industry isn’t worth politicians’ time if they really want to reach the most voters.   According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, only about 51,000 Americans work in the industry out of roughly 146 million nonfarm jobs at present nationwide. That’s literally a rounding error, comprising less than 0.04 percent of the workforce. Even when you broaden the scope to all energy jobs, you’re still not talking about that many people. Roughly 181,000 U.S. workers fall into the BLS category of “oil and gas extraction.” That’s a mere 0.13 percent of the workforce in this much-talked-about sector. So why the focus on energy jobs, energy policy, and energy grandstanding? If Republicans and Donald TrumpDonald TrumpFranken rips Sessions for encouraging Comey firing Grand jury subpoenas issued in FBI Russia probe: report The Memo: Trump ignites firestorm MORE really want to score points with voters, they should look to an equally embattled but much larger section of the U.S. economy: retail. The retail trade industry, from grocery stores to hardware stores to used car lots, employs 15.9 million Americans for a roughly 11 percent share of the job market. That’s significantly more than even the sacred cow of manufacturing, which employs just under 12.4 million, or 8.5 percent of the total workforce, according to BLS data. Heck, forget about smaller shops and just look at Walmart alone. The corporation has about 1.5 million American workers on its payroll. According to a recent Olivet Nazarene University analysis, Walmart is the largest single employer in 19 different states, including its home state of Arkansas, as well as Florida and Texas. Retailers are a major source of jobs for many regions in the U.S. right now, but the industry is on its heels. There have already been nine retail bankruptcies in 2017 — as many as all of 2016, and on pace for the highest number of failures in the sector since the dark days of 2009. On top of that, other major retailers including Macy’s, J.C. Penney and Sears have announced they will each shutter more than 100 locations each in an effort to streamline struggling operations. So why won’t Washington protect this industry and its employees the same way it does coal miners, who are insignificant in the greater scheme of the U.S. economy? For starters, there’s not quite the same visceral narrative of “us vs. them” in retail, of course. You can’t blame China the way you can when lamenting the decline of manufacturing, and you can’t blame that dastardly Obama and his liberal agenda the way you can with coal. There’s also the uncomfortable truth that brick-and-mortar retail is under big pressure from e-commerce in this digital age. Amazon.com has put up phenomenal growth metrics in the past few years, and many other retailers are moving in that direction, which means fewer physical locations and fewer people to stock shelves and operate cash registers. But there is a very real narrative of decline and downright desperation in brick-and-mortar retail that is fertile ground for any politician willing to stand up for the disenfranchised. If we can hold up the mythos of American manufacturing from 50 or 75 years ago without acknowledging the technological advances that have replaced human workers with robots and computers, why can’t we do the same for retail? I bet it would play well with voters, even if the policies don’t do anything to change the status quo. And apparently, that’s all that matters in Washington. Beyond this cynicism, however, I’m convinced there are practical policies that can be created to help the retail industry in its time of need. Perhaps there are carrots such as employment credits for the sector to incentivize hiring full-time workers and store managers. Perhaps there are sticks such as higher taxes on some internet transactions while forgoing that tax on the same goods when they are purchased at physical stores. Perhaps a fiscal stimulus effort for low- and middle-income consumers would result in a short-term spending boost at retailers. The point is, if the GOP put half as much time and energy pandering to embattled retailers and retail workers as they did coal miners and manufacturers, we could go a long way toward shoring up this crucial segment of the American economy. And heck, even if policy measures fall short, the overtures could be much more effective in connecting with disenfranchised voters in advance of the next election. Jeff Reeves is a stock analyst and executive editor of InvestorPlace.com. His commentary has also appeared on CNBC, the Fox Business Network, USA Today and the Wall Street Journal network. The views expressed by contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Donald Trump Coal Manufacturing retail economy Jobs Congress Republicans Trump administration   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 Reporter arrested after repeatedly... Dan Heyman, a reporter for Public News Service, said he was arrested at... 328 Shares 2 McCain 'disappointed' Trump fired... Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.) said Tuesday he is “disappointed” with... 283 Shares 3 Grand jury subpoenas issued in FBI... The subpoenas are to associates of former national security adviser... 253 Shares 4 Clinton campaign team denounces... "Twilight zone," Robby Mook tweeted. 241 Shares 5 Cummings wants ‘emergency hearings... "There is now a crisis of confidence at the Justice Department," he said. 172 Shares 6 Sessions was told to find reasons... President Trump’s decision Tuesday to fire FBI Director James Comey has... 156 Shares 7 Comey got fired — will Clinton get... OPINION | Comey decided to cross the line in the Hillary Clinton case —... 144 Shares 8 Franken rips Sessions for... Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) hit Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Tuesday... 137 Shares 9 DNC deputy chair Ellison: ‘We are... Rep. Keith Ellison (D-Minn.) said Comey's replacement "would not have the... 135 Shares 10 GOP senators split over Trump's... GOP senators were split Tuesday over President Trump's decision to fire... 134 Shares 11 Lawmakers weigh new troops for... Top Pentagon and Trump administration officials are recommending that... 133 Shares 12 Trump bombshell: FBI’s Comey fired President Trump shocked Washington on Tuesday by firing FBI Director James... 133 Shares 13 Krauthammer: Comey firing '... Fox's Charles Krauthammer slammed President Trump for firing FBI Director... 127 Shares 14 Trump fires FBI Director Comey President Trump has fired FBI Director James Comey, the White House... 121 Shares 15 White House spokesperson: 'Time to... White House spokeswoman Sarah Sanders said Tuesday that it was "time to... 109 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Police: Driver threatened motorcyclist with baseball bat in road rage incident - The Buffalo News Niagara County Sections Home Local News Sports NCAA Basketball Bills Sabres Colleges High Schools High Schools Scoreboard Bandits Bisons and Baseball Bucky and Sully Soccer Outdoors WNY Auto Racing Bills Sabres Sabres 2016-17 season Gusto Food and Drink Music Festivals Theater Family Movies Comedy Art Dance Deaths Death Notices Obituaries Submit Obituary Last 24 Hours E-edition Business Crime Editorials Education Events Calendar Submit Event Photo Galleries Politics PolitiFact New York TV and Media Weather Forecast Weddings Submit Announcement Submit Golden Anniversary WNY History [BN] Ads Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds Contests Communities Erie County Amherst Buffalo Hamburg Lancaster Town of Tonawanda Niagara County Health and Fitness Lifestyles Books Fashion Gardening Home and Style NeXt Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Adam Zyglis State Search Sign In Subscribe Manage Account Logout Police: Driver threatened motorcyclist with baseball bat in road rage incident (Buffalo News file photo) By Aaron Besecker Published Tue, May 9, 2017 SHARE TWEET EMAIL Wayne V. Parlier Jr., 46, of Medina (State Police) LOCKPORT – State police on Monday accused a Medina man of using a baseball bat to confront a motorcyclist about his driving. Wayne V. Parlier Jr., 46, faces menacing, weapons possession and harassment charges after the incident that happened in the Walmart parking lot on South Transit Road, police said. Both motorists were driving on South Transit Road before they pulled into the parking lot and the confrontation took place, according to police. Parlier was taken to the state police barracks in Lockport where he was released with appearance tickets for Lockport Town Court. Click here to see the comments. Add yours now! Recent Stories Around the web Quick Links Contact Us Privacy Policy Sitemap FAQ Contests Manage Subscription Advertise with Us Newsletters AM Top Stories PM Top Stories Business Sports Gusto Breaking News Death Notices Sign Up Our Websites Buffalo Job Finder Buffalo Cars [BN] Ads Special Sections Buffalo Magazine Buffalo Brides Buffalo Home Finder Classifieds © 1999 - 2017 - The Buffalo News copyright-protected material
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apple Pay Sees Double-digit Growth, Ties With PayPal PITTSBURGH, May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Retail purchases made with Apple Pay are growing, and consumers say it’s tied with PayPal as their preferred mobile payment system, according to research from shopping app platform, Branding Brand. Apple Pay Orders Increase Retailers are seeing more purchases with Apple Pay. New shopping data from Branding Brand shows in-app purchases with Apple Pay increased 17% from March 2017 to April 2017. For context, Apple Pay orders comprised 26% of overall shopping app purchases in March. „Over the past year, Branding Brand saw a steady increase in mobile purchases made with Apple Pay,” said Chris Mason, co-founder and CEO of Branding Brand. „What’s more, Apple Pay users overall are spending more than they do with PayPal. On average, customers who checkout with Apple Pay spend 17% more than users who checkout with PayPal.” Apple Pay Catches PayPal In Branding Brand’s survey of 1,000 Apple Pay users, when asked to rank their favorite in-app payment systems, PayPal and Apple Pay tied for first place. Amazon Pay, and retailer mobile payment systems like Walmart Pay and Target Pay trailed behind respectively. Consumer Suggestions for Increasing Adoption Industry reports have cited low customer adoption of contactless payments overall, but when asked what would make shoppers want to use Apple Pay, 50% said loyalty rewards. Overall, 70% of Apple Pay users want more retailers to offer the service. About the Survey Branding Brand surveyed 1,000 Apple Pay users from April 21-24 to learn how and why consumers use Apple Pay to buy products. For complete survey results, contact press@brandingbrand.com or stay tuned to Branding Brand’s blog for deep-dive recaps. About Branding Brand Branding Brand is the retail industry’s leading omnichannel commerce platform, powering mobile apps, sites, and in-store shopping experiences for over 200 enterprise brands. In addition to being named a Gartner „Cool Vendor” of apps, the Company is also the Forrester Wave Leader in „Mobile Commerce and Engagement Platforms.” To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/apple-pay-sees-double-digit-growth-ties-with-paypal-300454370.html SOURCE Branding Brand Related Links http://www.brandingbrand.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Founder of Texas-style Slow Smoked Barbecue to Make a ‘Pit Stop’ in Sacramento Region Next PostNext Inorganic Salt Market Research Report- Forecast to 2027 | Global Inorganic Salt Industry Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics Filmmakers reflect on long-term effects of Japanese internment Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Economic devastation and loss of life have become the norm in Northeast Arkansas when flood waters surge Fort Smith Police Department may add lieutenants, grant writer in restructuring proposal Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics Filmmakers reflect on long-term effects of Japanese internment Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Economic devastation and loss of life have become the norm in Northeast Arkansas when flood waters surge Fort Smith Police Department may add lieutenants, grant writer in restructuring proposal Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week New House Minority Leader Whitaker taking balanced approach to battles AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping The Supply Side: Fayetteville entrepreneurs gear up for Wal-Mart’s fourth ‘Open Call’ ArcBest reports $7.40 million loss, stock down 20% Johnelle Hunt tells life story to trucking executives, ATA members Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping BusinessLatest NewsThe Supply Side by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 14 hours ago 12 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet Consumers once used shopping lists scratched out on paper. But by the time they now enter a brick-and-mortar store, many have already searched inventory online, checked prices and perhaps read product reviews. The pre-shopping research creates omnichannel opportunities for suppliers and retailers, according to a recent report by marketer and analytics firm BrandView. In-store grocery spending is projected to reach $400 billion by 2025, compared to $100 billion in online grocery. For today’s omnichannel shopper, retailers and suppliers need strategies for both, and that also mean mobile. Omnichannel shoppers spend more money, according to Lucy Smith, senior product manager at BrandView and co-author of the report. She noted they spend 4% more each time they are in a store and 10% more when shopping online. BrandView said having multiple channels (mobile applications and click and collect) are also beneficial for retailers because the payback is up to 9% incremental spending when they are in the store. Regardless of a retailer’s store strategy, they must also think about winning online, and much of that requires the cooperation of product suppliers. The report said in-store shoppers also want to be able to discover products online, so having a searchable website, user friendly and available in a mobile application is a must. While the expense of maintaining and enhancing the online site falls to the retailer, it is the supplier that can make or break its success. Smith said products online must have discoverability. It’s important shoppers find the products on the digital shelf when they enter a search. She said unless products return to the first page of search results, there is little chance the shopper will see them, much less buy them. BrandView said if the shopper can’t easily find what they are looking for online with a keyword search of the retailer’s site, they won’t stick around long, because it’s too easy to check another retail site. A product found in the first page listing from the initial search overwhelmingly outperformed products that did not. It’s like shelf placement in a store, consumers can’t buy what they can’t easily locate, the report states. CONCISE CONTENT COUNTS One test performed by BrandView showed true incidents where brand search terms returned competitors’ products. For instance, a search on the Fresh Direct site for a 2-liter bottle of Coca-Cola returned Pepsi. Upon closer look the Coca-Cola online content tag didn’t not include the terms “2-liter bottle.” Pepsi did. randView said suppliers and their retail partners need to ensure first-page placement for online shelves and search. They should make sure products return all relevant category pages. The online content should be optimized with keywords to reflect how shoppers search. Clear product descriptions make it easier for shoppers to find products online. Content wording should also be shopper-friendly. Once a product is deemed easily searchable, the supplier needs to ensure the brand is properly represented in the listings, and the product name should be represented accurately and consistently across multiple retailers. BrandView said great online content must also include clear images which improves the opportunity for sales. BrandView said too often there is missing product content which can affect discoverability online. For instance, BrandView found Frosted Flakes twin pack cereal sold on Walmart.com omitted the brand name “Kellogg’s,” the term “cereal” and the pack weight. “Missing brand name, pack weight and category keywords from product title can affect discoverability, and be damaging to the brand’s integrity,” Smith noted. BrandView recommends suppliers police the brand name, product name and key product information as well as monitor the product content databases in conjunction with the retailer websites. Suppliers need to ensure product name is compliant to retailers’ character limits and work with retailers to include full product descriptions on all listings. The content must be clear, consistent and contain the correct product imagery. BrandView also monitors online performance among several retailers including Walmart U.S. The report found Wal-Mart had 71% compliance among its suppliers. Proper product name compliance was 81%, but just 61% were image compliant. SHOPPER ENGAGEMENT Suppliers who have the most success selling online also actively engage with shoppers, according to the report. The best way to engage shoppers with the brand online is to provide product reviews. If certain products are blighted with poor reviews, BrandView said the negative ratings can turn shoppers off buying a product. BrandView recommends suppliers monitor customer reactions closely because sometimes they are caused by some other dissatisfaction other than the product itself. For instance, on the Petco website, BrandView found a review of a product bought in the store. The consumer said they purchased the product because it was on sale at their local store. They bought it to feed feral cats, that wouldn’t eat it. The review heading was “cats hate it,” and the consumer gave the product 1 star and did not recommend it. By monitoring comments, the supplier could have responded quickly to the negative posts to try and appease the customer. BrandView also shared an incident where a product sold on PetSmart website had been reformulated, but the online content did not reflect the ingredient changes, which generated a negative review from a customer who was surprised by the changes in the product. While reviews are a great way to track the impact of a product reformulation, unless the content clearly states there is a change in the formula, customers may not get what they expected. Consequently, dissatisfied customers are likely to vent their frustration in negative reviews. BrandView said suppliers need to understand how product reviews can affect product placement at the retailer. Negative reviews should be reviewed and action taken when possible because they can erode brand equity and push sales toward a competitor. –––––––––––––––––––– Editor’s note: This story was first published in the May 1 edition of the Northwest Arkansas Business Journal. The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. Comments comments Previous post New pipelines allow for more oil to be transported from Permian Basin Next post $500,000 AHTD grant to fund campus beautification project at Shorter College Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Latest Popular Economic devastation and loss of life have become the norm in Northeast Arkansas when flood waters surge 6 hours ago Fort Smith Police Department may add lieutenants, grant writer in restructuring proposal 8 hours ago Wal-Mart reportedly close to a $300 million settlement of FCPA probe 8 hours ago TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics 8 hours ago Filmmakers reflect on long-term effects of Japanese internment 8 hours ago Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem 12,983 views Fort Smith spent an estimated $182,000 running recycling routes while not recycling 4,589 views At Home adding Arkansas location near Interstate 49 in Rogers 4,526 views Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info 4,235 views Fort Smith official admits recycling issue began in June, questions arise about funding support for program 1,464 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump mocks Comey backlash: President accuses Cryin' Chuck Schumer of hypocrisy after Senate minority leader claims firing of FBI director has 'shattered' the criminal justice system  Blindsided James Comey thought he was being PRANKED when news he was fired by Trump flashed up on TV while he spoke to FBI employees in LA Trump to meet Russian Foreign Minister one day after firing James Comey amid FBI investigation into 'collusion with Russia' Comey's replacement is also embroiled in Clinton scandal: Andrew McCabe's wife got funding from a Hillary fundraiser 'FUN FACT: Nixon never fired the Director of the FBI': President gets trolled by Tricky Dicky's Library, while critics ask if this is Trump's 'Saturday Night Massacre' Republican Intelligence Committee chairman Richard Burr 'troubled' by Comey's firing, citing both the timing and 'reasoning' of the decision as panel's Russia probe continues 'US at a dark and dangerous moment in history': Democrats and pundits say Trump's firing of FBI chief Comey ignites 'constitutional crisis' not seen since the days of Richard Nixon Grand jury subpoenas are issued to associates of Michael Flynn in FBI's Russia investigation on the same day Trump fires James Comey  Former Clinton conduits criticize Trump for firing Comey while Hillary remains silent Kellyanne Conway finally returns to CNN: Mouthpiece vigorously defends Trump's decision to fire James Comey, arguing it had 'nothing to do with Russia' White House claims it could not trust Sally Yates' warnings about Michael Flynn because she was a 'strong supporter' of Hillary Clinton 'Die-hard liberal' who founded Hollywood production company with Steve Bannon insists 'he’s not a racist or anti-Semitic' Trump White House postpones meeting to decide fate of Paris climate deal AGAIN as Ivanka is still expected to support it Ivanka is upstaged at last! Vice president's pet bunny rabbit - dubbed 'Botus' - is the real star as White House honors military families  Texts hint Penn State pledges were made to do elephant walk while holding each other's penises during obscene frat initiation that ended in teenager's death, as eight more brothers are indicted  PICTURED: Mugshot of The Blind Side inspiration Michael Oher after he 'drunkenly attacked his Uber driver during an argument over directions'  College quarterback younger brother of NFL star Greg Olsen is indicted for 'punching woman, 23, he was dating in the face then raping her in his apartment after a night of drinking' EXCLUSIVE: Student, 15, who was abducted by her teacher, 50, is refusing to return home and claims she is 'IN LOVE' with grandfather who took her on 'fun road trip' Teacher, 50, is told he could be jailed for life for 'kidnapping his 15-year-old student and taking her across state lines for sex' Newark Airport border officers 'were victims of extreme sexual hazing' which included being taped to a 'rape table and assaulted' Another headache for United: Passenger claims airline cancelled his flight reservation because he filmed a dispute with an employee Why a western diet gives you gout: Regularly consuming sugary drinks, red meat and fries raise the risk Revealed: The 45 celebrities that got warning letters from the FTC over their sponsored content posts Not in my yard! Fearless dog is filmed chasing much bigger bear away from owner's patio in upscale California neighborhood Previous Next Trump White House postpones meeting to decide fate of Paris climate deal AGAIN as Ivanka is still expected to support it Officials had already postponed the meeting once before, citing scheduling conflicts - now it's being rescheduled again  The White House had said it would have a formal position on the 2015 accord before Trump's trip to Italy for the G7 summit Trump said he'd 'cancel' the deal on the campagin trail - but Ivanka, Jared Kushner, Rex Tillerson and Rick Perry want him to stay in it Steve Bannon and Trump's EPA administrator are pushing for an exit Agreement was heraled by Barack Obama and can be renegotiated by Trump  By Francesca Chambers, White House Correspondent For Dailymail.com Published: 13:25 EDT, 9 May 2017 | Updated: 14:47 EDT, 9 May 2017 e-mail 9 shares 67 View comments The White House pushed off a meeting to hash out its position on the Paris climate agreement Tuesday for a second time. Officials had already postponed the meeting once before, citing scheduling conflicts.  Today's discussion of the pact that Trump said he'd 'cancel' as president but his daughter Ivanka supports was called off without explanation. Politico reported that the meeting was being rescheduled this morning, though a date has not yet been set. The White House pushed off a meeting to hash out its position on the Paris climate agreement Tuesday for a second time. Today's discussion of the pact that Trump said he'd 'cancel' as president but his daughter Ivanka supports was called off without explanation The White House had said it would have a formal position on the 2015 accord before Trump's trip to Italy for the G7 summit.  Trump leaves for Israel, Saudi Arabia and Europe at the end of next week. He'll end his foreign travel in Sicily on May 27. Senior White House officials are divided on the international agreement that Barack Obama heralded, with Steve Bannon and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt arguing against it and Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump pushing the president not to pull out of it. Energy Secretary Rick Perry has advised the president to renegotiate the pact that's been signed by 194 nations. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson would prefer that the US did not renege on the commitment, either. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next West Wing showdown between Bannon and Kushner over whether... Ivanka is going on a 'listening tour' of top government... Share this article Share BP, Walmart, Google and other big businesses sent Trump a letter in support of the deal that aims to cut back on carbon dioxide emissions by 2025 in late April. 'US business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response,' the letter said. 'We believe the Paris Agreement provides such a framework.' The United States said it would reduce its emissions by as much as 28 percent, compared to 2005 levels, as part of the agreement. If he chooses not to pull out of the accord that includes China, the world's largest polluter, Trump could relax the United States' commitment and embrace a less ambitious target. 'It is clear from the agreement that if you do change your target, you are encouraged to change it in a more ambitious direction,' a former State Department legal adviser, Sue Biniaz, told AFP.  'But it is equally clear that you are not legally prohibited from changing it in any direction that you choose.' Senior White House officials are divided on the international agreement that Barack Obama heralded, with Steve Bannon and EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt arguing against it and Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump (pictured today outside her home) pushing the president not to pull out of it Sarah Huckabee Sanders, a spokeswoman for Trump, claimed last month that the 'discord' between senior administration officials over the international accord was being blown out of proportion. 'I don't think they can say that there's a lot of discord between where everyone is if that's the purpose of the meeting,' she said. The meeting that was supposed to take place then was postponed because the president and his top aides were traveling to Wisconsin, the White House official said. Kushner was celebrating Passover. Sanders said the meeting would be rescheduled 'at some point over the next couple of weeks.' 'Several of the people that wanted to participate in that meeting' are on the trip to Wisconsin, Sanders said to reporters riding on Air Force One 'and a couple of other things.'  Trump's top spokesman had said that the administration would reach a decision on the climate pact before Trump makes his first overseas trip. 'We are currently reviewing issues related to the agreement, and expect to have a decision by the time of the G7 Summit, late May-ish, if not sooner,' White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said in March.  Read more: White House advisers postpone Paris climate deal meeting - POLITICO Share or comment on this article e-mail 9 shares Most watched News videos Excited puppy buries his own head first day at the beach Touching moment young boy asks stepdad to adopt him for his birthday Helicopter battles wildfire at Okefenokee Wildlife Refuge Graphic videos shows Pittsburgh cops punching man on street Chilling trailer for the HBO documentary 'Mommy Dead and Dearest' Curious raccoon on the loose at Toronto's Pearson airport 'She comes back when we sing': Son and mum with dementia duet Kushners hold Chinese investor event promising American visas Terrified schoolgirl repeatedly passes out during catapult ride Baby has hilarious salon talk with mom as she brushes her hair Former Attorney General Yates testifies on Russia and Flynn Come along! Miniature Dachshund takes a horse for a walk Paul Ryan says Congress will pass Trump's tax reform... White House under pressure over Comey after accusation... White House Curator to retire next month after 41 years... 'For the first time, I can see a future for myself as... Chris Christie says Trump acted 'decisively' to fire Mike... Trump versus 'Pocahontas'? White House gears up for 2020... Post-presidential chic! Barack Obama forgoes a tie and... Tell us what crimes Haitians have committed Homeland... 'Die-hard liberal' who founded Hollywood production... China tests new guided missile aimed at 'responding to... Donald Trump poised to increase the number of troops in... Seattle cop is charged after ‘taking $10,000 a month to... Alabama man, 31, is charged with murdering his friend... America's shrewdest minds Bill Gates, Warren Buffett and... 'Three stories is no different from 30': NYPD elite crews... The incredible moment Good Samaritans LIFT an SUV off a... Pentagon will provide heavy weapons for Syrian Kurds... Will he be this bold in November? Daring deer walks right... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 67 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Cindy Crawford's daughter Kaia Gerber, 15, dons leggy lace Marc Jacobs mini-dress at Daisy bash Supported by  her brother, Presley Patrick Dempsey treats his 15-year-old daughter Tallulah to a shopping day at James Perse in West Hollywood Hitting the stores Real Housewives fraudster Teresa Giudice gets over her legal woes as she flaunts bikini figure on Italy trip  Larking around on a hotel balcony A very fit romance! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs go for a jog together in Malibu The couple worked up a sweat as they hit the coastal trails The bald and the beautiful! Braless Halsey debuts her edgy new buzz cut in a sultry tuxedo jumpsuit at the BMI Pop Awards Bold new look All puffed out! Newly sober Miley Cyrus takes her dog Mary Jane for a hike in the Hollywood Hills Was seen walking one of her seven dogs Nicole Murphy shows off her fabulous figure in a shirt dress as she shops for groceries with her mom Ellen Mitchell Seen making their way across the parking lot Red hot! Eva Longoria takes the plunge in satin jumpsuit at Los Angeles screening of Lowriders The actress is always one to make an entrance on the red carpet Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her growing baby bump in fitted black maxi dress and retro shades while grabbing lunch in Malibu Sober Lucy Hale cuts a chic figure in black as she indulges in retail therapy after revealing she quit drinking alcohol She looked the picture of health 'Mom bribes': Kim Kardashian had to give daughter North, three, a lollipop before she'd model kids clothing line North West is learning some diva moves Leaving them Speechless! Minnie Driver, 47, looks radiant in feminine jacket with large bow at screening for her ABC sitcom Youthful appearance MTV's Rob And Big star Christopher 'Big Black' Boykin dies of suspected heart attack at 45 Starred in Rob And Big for three seasons It's artist Brad! Pitt channels James Dean in paint-spattered blue jeans and white shirt The 53-year-old looked the picture of cool while leaving an art studio Bow down! Beyonce shows off her glamorous maternity style as she poses it up for date night Wearing a figure-hugging black dress Running for the hills! Blac Chyna gets in some power walking in all-black workout attire after sharing cute snaps of baby girl Dream Ready for a workout 'Who wants to bum everyone out?': Comedian Jessica St. Clair reveals her battle with breast cancer...a year after entering remission Is that you Kim? Ashley Graham takes inspiration from the queen of curves in FOUR Kardashian-inspired looks in one day Taking fashion notes Going stag! Alex Rodriguez has a rare night out without new love Jennifer Lopez as he goes solo to Sports Emmys Power couple Twice as nice! Priyanka Chopra swaps chic sequins and rebellious motorcycle jacket for sexy sheer halter-dress after TV appearance Quite the entrance! Amelia Gray Hamlin shines in beaded skirt with silver crop top and pale blue jacket for Marc Jacobs' Daisy fragrance bash Mets pitcher Matt Harvey was 'emotional wreck' after seeing photos of his girlfriend Adriana Lima cozying up to former flame and New England Patriots star Relaxed Stephen Belafonte makes supervised visit with daughter Madison, five, as bitter divorce from Mel B drags on Heavily supervised Return of the mack daddy bod! Usher bares his torso once more as he strips off after paddleboarding session Still looking great in his 39th year 'Smiling doesn't win gold medals': Olympic gymnast Simone Biles drives the internet wild after sassily clapping back at Dancing With the Stars judges 'I don't like this': Adam Levine loses singers Lilli Passero and Mark Isaiah as field narrows to eight on The Voice He took a double blow Tuesday Slumber party! Olivia Culpo steps out in white dress and satin trench for National Sleepover Day in NYC Turned the sidewalk into her runway Flying high! Gabi Grecko suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flaunts her extreme cleavage in a VERY racy bodysuit with angel wings 'We should all be feminists': Karlie Kloss steps out in statement t-shirt paired with ripped denims in NYC She had a message for the world The only guy she needs! Kourtney Kardashian hugs son Mason while running errands together in Beverly Hills He is seven years old Blowup in the Big Apple? Jessica Biel appears to storm off ahead of husband Justin Timberlake as he calls out to her in NYC Things looked tense 'Kash has healed incredibly!' Kim Zolciak shares first picture of injuries suffered by son, 4, in dog attack... as he fearlessly cuddles two puppies Booty queens Kendall Jenner and Bella Hadid pose in skimpy bikinis on girls' trip to secret tropical paradise Besties hit beach with Hailey Baldwin  Plus-size model Ashley Graham reveals her racist grandmother refused to even acknowledge her black husband when they were first introduced With four of his SEVEN kids: Kelsey Grammer, 62, caught during very rare sighting with the children he had with Camille... as well as two younger ones Leather mama! Cindy Crawford rocks motorcycle jacket with matching pants in Beverly Hills The supermodel easily defied her 51 years 'I thought I sold that MF': 50 Cent laughs off burglary of his Connecticut mansion with cheeky tweet Burglar forced his way onto the 17 acre property 'I had postpartum depression': Sarah Michelle Gellar reveals secret struggle following the birth of daughter, now 7 'I too struggled' That's a lot of makeup for a workout session! Kylie Jenner is heavily glammed with fake eyelashes and lipstick as she models exercise togs She's red hot! Hailey Baldwin goes TOPLESS and covers her breasts with a pair of latex gloves in racy new ModelCo campaign Has people seeing red David Lynch on how Showtime's Twin Peaks nearly fell apart... and his 'pretty prominent' role in the revival Network wasn't offering him a big enough budget Selma Blair oozes grunge glamor in all black ensemble as she takes her dog out for a walk in Beverly Hills Opted to cover up during the outing Rosamund Pike shows off her tiny midriff in a studded black maxi dress as she attends the HHhH film premiere in Paris Gone Girl star 'We were just kids': Tyler Baltierra shares Instagram snap kissing 'middle school sweetheart' Catelynn Lowell Throwback snap Amanda Seyfried runs errands in jogging shorts... six weeks after giving birth to baby girl She just had a baby but that hasn't stopped her getting back to business, PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Ready for bikini season! Katy Perry splashes in surf as she shows off svelte shape in favorite swimsuit during Mexican getaway Shopping around! Kate Mara steps out arm-in-arm with longtime stylist Johnny Wujek in Beverly Hills Spotted strolling down Rodeo Drive 'I thought dis guy was the waiter': 'Cash me ousside' girl throws shade at actor David Spade after meeting him Started when Spade posted a photo with her Matt Harvey eats crow in very public apology with mournful Mets pitcher admitting to boozing and golfing before suspension then hides behind his hoodie during first game back Spicing things up! Jessica Simpson reveals she has 'make out dates' with husband Eric Johnson Joked she didn't know why Eric loved her Goodbye LegoLAX! Orlando Bloom is all smiles as he catches a flight out of Los Angeles He flashed his brightest movie star smile as he jetted out of LAX Puppy is handful for Lady Kitty: Diana's niece snuggles up to her sister's new pet pooch  Cuddling her sister's new pooch, George, in South Africa 'I want it to feel inclusive': Zendaya reveals she made her latest Daya fashion line gender neutral It is all about making everyone feel included Just a regular girl! Naya Rivera shops for bargains at Target before heading out for a hike in Los Angeles Seen pushing her cart across the parking lot Dance Moms' Abby Lee Miller gets a year and a day in prison for fraud: Star admits she is a 'laughing stock' as judge jails her for hiding $755,000 in earnings  Harry Styles thrills fans as he channels Elvis in a pink suit while debuting new single Carolina... after it's revealed he 'is dating Naked Diet chef Tess Ward' Bow Wow called out on Twitter after posting pic of 'his' private jet... before being snapped flying commercial An eagle-eyed airline passenger spotted him She never looks bad! Victoria's Secret vet Alessandra Ambrosio stuns in low-cut tank top and elegant coat as she's spotted in LA Effortlessly stylish 'I love my life when you're in it!' Paris Hilton gushes about beau Chris Zylka as they wear matching 'Team Us 4Eva' jackets Series of sweet snaps Princess Mary dazzles at the Norwegian royals' 80th birthday celebration wearing a diamond tiara she's previously worn as a NECKLACE A right royal laugh! Crown Prince Haakon of Norway shaves off his beard in a bizarre prank during the King and Queen's 80th birthday dinner Greek actress Mary Tsoni, star of Oscar-nominated film Dogtooth, found dead aged 30  The cause of death remains unknown 'Every girl should have such a wonderful experience!' Diane Lane opens about youthful fling with Jon Bon Jovi She was asked some very personal questions 'Thank you for always watching over us': Farrah Abraham visits the grave of her daughter's dad Derek Underwood Shared a touching tribute Conrad Hilton refuses to leave his jail cell for court arraignment after his homophobic and racist rant at police during Saturday's arrest Staying put Whitney Port looks bloomin' lovely as she wraps her baby bump in stylish floral kimono  She has been candid about having a tough pregnancy Sophie Turner furiously denies using N-word slur after video clip goes viral (and reveals what she REALLY said)  The Game of Thrones star, 21, spoke out  'Don't f*** it up!' Rami Malek says he felt Freddie Mercury's presence as he played iconic rocker in Queen biopic 'Huge' fan of the band 'We're staying in Sunday night!' Nicole Kidman didn't realize Little Big Lies was a hit until husband Keith Urban's friends began texting her Married at First Sight star thinks he is ready to call it quits after his new wife refuses to hold his hand following a squabble about a PING PONG match It's working out! Rebel Wilson heads to the gym wearing activewear with new boyfriend Aden Stay after couple went public at the MTV Awards New man Fringe benefits! Malin Akerman rocks a chic poncho as she jets out of LAX Stockholm-born platinum blonde slid herself into a poncho The latest model! Sofia Richie rocks head to toe Adidas after signing on to promote their footwear Obviously committed to her role Shay Mitchell smolders in seductive new photo shoot as she teases final season of Pretty Little Liars The 30-year-old actress bared some cleavage  'Trump doesn't want to get beat by a trans woman!' Caitlyn Jenner jokes about golfing with the President... as she reveals she might run for office Penelope Cruz oozes understated elegance in strappy monochrome summer dress as she attends store launch in Spain Oozing star quality Not so mellow yellow! Khloe Kardashian wears VERY daring swimsuit as she proudly shows off body in new advertising campaign for protein shakes   'Change starts within!' Gisele Bundchen is honored at Women Of Vision event in New York City... as she fundraises to pay for meditation teachers Grunge is resurrected! Vanessa Hudgens revisits the Nineties in slip dress, choker and Doc Martins while promoting her new single in New York City He lights her up! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa beams as she enjoys a hug from a friend after she insisted 'dating is not my priority' Big smile on her face Skin-tight jodhpurs. Champers galore. After Harry and Meghan's kiss, why the frisky royals can't resist a spot of passion at the polo Passionate at the polo Catch of the day! Scott Disick's new girlfriend Ella Ross showcases lithe legs and pert derriere in Daisy Dukes and fishnets Spotted in Venice Beach Keeping those Kardashian kurves in check! Kim shares picture of 'gross' diet breakfast... after getting up early to do lunges up the hill Kanye West is making new album at top of mountain in Wyoming... after being absent from Met Gala with wife Kim Kardashian Gone into hiding Playboy model Carla Howe flaunts her voluptuous derriere in a leopard print thong as she poses up a storm in VERY revealing lingerie shoot One hot mama! As Mother's Day approaches, Don't Be Tardy star and mother of six Kim Zolciak shares her style tips for looking and feeling good In fine form! Cara Santana shows off her slim figure in a red bikini as she soaks up the Miami sun Busy planning wedding to fiance Jesse Metcalfe Take that Taylor! Katy Perry and Swift's ex Calvin Harris team up to write a song for his new album Both had public spats with Bad Blood singer Island girl! Nicole Scherzinger looks every inch the Hawaiian beauty as she showcases her tanned curves in a  bikini during a relaxing trip home Revealed: Jodie Sweetin's ex Justin Hodak will only serve 120 DAYS of his six year sentence for witness intimidation and weapons felony EXCLUSIVE: Conrad Hilton pursued romance with Hunter out of revenge against her dad... whose sex tape with sister Paris left him 'bullied' as a boy 'We're all angry... and we want justice!' Prisoners overrun Litchfield in intense trailer for Orange Is The New Black season five Dramatic scenes 'I don't enjoy working out': Eva Longoria reveals she always hopes her personal trainer cancels as she poses in racy swimwear at 42  'She's chilling!' Kim Kardashian left bemused after daughter North West turns 'time out' punishment into a relaxing spa moment Learning from her mom! Countess of Wessex is  belle of the ball as European royals mark King Harald and Queen Sonja of Norway's 80th birthdays with banquet at Oslo's Royal Palace Every sidewalk's a catwalk! Gisele Bundchen showcases her very long legs in NYC... after revealing she meditates in a car 'on the way to work' Baywatch beauty Kelly Rohrbach shows off the sizzling curves that won her the coveted role in an array of Pamela Anderson-inspired swimsuits Brightening their day! Kylie Jenner and Kris melt hearts as they visit families at hospital in Peru for Smile Train The reality daughter and mom were in Lima  The look of love! Kylie Jenner can't take her eyes off new beau Travis Scott as he holds her close during romantic evening stroll in Miami Party Prince reporting for duty: Queen Elizabeth gives Harry the go-ahead to host his FIRST garden reception at Buckingham Palace this summer Fab in florals! Chrissy Teigen looks oh so chic in springtime robe... then playfully shows off her mouth-guard on Snapchat Fun-loving star Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves drowns his sorrows on flight home after doctors in India REFUSE to carry out operation to alter his eye color Selfie 101! Sofia Richie shows off her taut abs in a college sweatshirt as she ditches her pants for an underwear snap The 18-year-old posed up in her bathroom  What's her secret? Who's The Boss? actress Judith Light, 68, looks as good as she did 30 years ago as she hits Lucille Lortel Awards in NYC Spotted! Ivanka Trump steps out in a pretty polka-dot dress and with a very chic 'do as she prepares to host a military appreciation event with Mike Pence Just call him the commando! Mad Men star Jon Hamm appears to have once again forgotten his underwear during outing in Los Angeles PICTURED: Gianni Versace's doorstep slaying is recreated by gun-wielding Darren Criss at iconic mansion for American Crime Story 'It pushed my buttons': LeAnn Rimes talks being a parent to Eddie Cibrian's two sons... and reveals how they celebrate Stepmom's Day Prince's former producer claims unreleased recordings are fair game because he never signed a non-disclosure form Battle over star's estate 'He's a carnival barker': Ethan Hawke takes aim at President Donald Trump claiming his moves have 'energized young people' Outspoken interview Would the real George and Charlotte please stand up? Search for young royals' doubles uncovers a flurry of little lookalikes - so can YOU see the resemblance? Sexy model Suki Waterhouse flashes some sideboob as she smolders in a metallic animal print gown during high-drama photoshoot in Florence Aaron Hernandez dies an innocent man: Judge  throws out ex-Patriots star's murder conviction because he committed suicide during the appeals process Get your cowboy hats ready! CMT Music Awards nominees announced as Blake Shelton, Carrie Underwood and Keith Urban all get nods Chris Pratt praises the 'unbreakable spirit' of young patients as he takes a break from filming Jurassic World 2 to visit children's hospital in London She left the glamour back in Hollywood! Michelle Williams slips into purple sweater, denim overalls and a floral necklace as she's seen in Brooklyn 'I go home to the man I'm in love with': Fox News host Shepard Smith speaks openly about being a gay man and reveals he is in a relationship Make Mother's Day special! From the purse Selena Gomez already gifted her mom, to the earrings Beyoncé loves, FEMAIL rounds up the best gifts for your mama EXCLUSIVE VIDEO: Basketball Wives' star Laura Govan describes her painful yeast infections - and how she beat them by ditching thongs and sugar Already Daddy's little girl! Bristol Palin shares a sweet photo of her husband Dakota kissing their newborn daughter Atlee Bay one day after announcing her arrival How reticent Joe DiMaggio revealed the secrets of his marriage to Marilyn Monroe from their rampant sex life to her refusals to wash - to his PODIATRIST EXCLUSIVE: Flip or Flop stars being sued by ex-employee who claims they owe him thousands for finding homes in North Carolina for hit show 'I worked on it!' Nicole Kidman pokes fun at herself over bizarre Oscars applause as she proves she CAN actually clap  Talking to Ellen  Fans go wild for Harry Styles as he steps out in pink suit to debut new single on Today Show... after it's revealed he 'is dating Naked Diet chef Tess Ward' Obama says he's 'fighting Michelle for closet space' (in his NINE BEDROOM mansion) and learning how to make his own coffee PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pippa Middleton and James Matthews can't keep their hands off each other as they put on a VERY cozy display before wedding It's a boy! New Girl star Zooey Deschanel and husband Jacob Pechenik welcome their second child named Charlie Wolf Also have girl Elsie Otter Game Of Thrones star Nathalie Emmanuel stuns in striking ball gown and Union Jack dress for new shoot... as she talks about diversity in Hollywood Pregnant Bar Refaeli shields her blossoming bump in chic floral jumpsuit as she enjoys relaxing dinner in Ibiza with her mother Tzipi Leonardo DiCaprio's ex Cindy Crawford's lookalike daughter Kaia Gerber displays her modeling prowess in a crop top with shorts as her latest fashion campaign is unveiled     DON'T MISS Emma Watson accused of receiving special treatment from MTV as she was 'told she had won gender-less award BEFORE the ceremony' Transgender actress Jamie Clayton strips off in new season of Netflix drama Sense8... while former Doctor Who star Freema Agyeman also bares all as her lover  Fresh start! Jennifer Garner visits cookware store in Los Angeles after it's claimed Ben Affleck moved out of their $45m mansion Headed for divorce 'That would punish me deeply': Kiwi songstress Lorde reveals she prefers her friends NOT to call her by her stage name Opens up about her life 'They call it an alternative fact, I call it bulls**t': Robert De Niro slams Donald Trump's 'divisive' claims arts funding only benefits the 'rich liberal elite'  Not a morning person? Rumer Willis does not look ready to face the day as she heads to gym in West Hollywood after her glamorous performance on Empire Fresh tattoos! Kesha shows off a colorful whale and a skull with a rainbow coming out of it on Instagram The Tik Tok singer gets new inkings Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller waits to hear whether she will be sent to prison for two years as her lawyers wrangle over '$775,000 she hid from bankruptcy judges' Pregnant Teen Mom 2 star Kailyn Lowry posts and then deletes snap in bed with mystery man...who is NOT the father of unborn child No sign of Chris Lopez Man who is banned from going within 100 yards of Kiera Knightley's $5m home 'broke his restraining order by tweeting the actress'  American Idol reboot is CONFIRMED by ABC after just one year off air... as Ryan Seacrest admits he is unsure if he would have time to host the revival Getting physical! Sophie Turner flaunts her gams in figure-hugging workout leggings as she leaves New York gym with boyfriend Joe Jonas  Nicole Richie looks effortlessly stylish in a champagne pink ensemble as she joins sister-in-law Cameron Diaz for lunch in Beverly Hills Barack Obama relaxes at $20,000-a-night hilltop villa in Tuscany and takes up two floors of five-star hotel in Milan during two-day trip to Italy   Prince Philip's former naval colleague reveals secrets of the Duke's younger years at his latest outing since announcing his plans to retire later this year Fierce! Cara Delevingne goes wild in tiger-print flared suit for new '70s-themed campaign... ahead of shaving off her locks for new movie role Those boots were made for walking! Tara Reid cuts a stylish figure in white slim fit denims as she steps out for dinner in West Hollywood Stylish Kate Mara joins fiancé Jamie Bell and his three-year-old son for a casual day of bowling in LA Actress, 34, played mom to the little boy Feelin' So Good! Inseparable Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez hold hands on dinner date stroll in NYC Week after red carpet debut at Met Gala Bella Thorne showcases her taut torso (along with her nipple piercing) as she steps out with lookalike sister Dani in an edgy ripped ensemble Foodie family! Denise Richards flaunts her slender figure in loose-fitting vest as she goes grocery shopping with her darling daughter Sam, 13 Irina Shayk displays her incredible post-baby figure in stylish workout gear as she enjoys Pilates class in Santa Monica Bradley Cooper girlfriend Puppy love! Prince Charles pets a dog as he and Camilla kick off their four-day Irish tour in Londonderry with a visit to an arts center Busy royal couple Copying Rihanna and Kate Hudson's top knot hairstyle could leave you BALD, warn experts (and men with man buns are also at risk) Hair-raising problem Jude Law's ex Catherine Harding flaunts her peachy posterior as she enjoys paddle boarding jaunt in a skimpy watermelon printed bikini 'We all cry with you': Aliyah Moulden breaks down singing live about late father as the Top 10 perform on The Voice Tears for dad she never got to know 'Surprise! We are pregnant!' Jason Aldean and wife Brittany Kerr are expecting their first child together Country singer has two kids with ex-wife Baywatch's Donna D'Errico reveals she had 'arm-lift, tummy tuck, lipo and a fat transfer to my buttocks' in a SINGLE DAY How she looks hot at 49 Fifty Shades Of K! Bra-free Kim Kardashian oozes sex appeal as she squeezes into skintight black outfit... but a fake tan disaster leaves her with orange streaky legs 'That shirt looks VERY familiar!' Eagle-eyed fans spot Harry Styles' rumored new flame Tess Ward wearing his top... as new 'romance' sparks divided opinions 'Blame the viewers': Bonner Bolton gets booted off DWTS after harsh criticism from judge Len Goodman Very sexy routine couldn't save rodeo rider Make way for the 'Bindles'! Bindi Irwin and Derek Hough reunite while on set of  Dancing With The Stars Pair became pals while competing together Single siren! Joanna Krupa steps out in mini dress for lunch as split from husband Romain Zago becomes public She put her long legs on display Selfie for two! Pregnant Serena Williams shows off her baby bump in clingy white top and denim jacket So happy being pregnant They be Jive Talkin'! Bee Gee Barry Gibb has cozy meal with daughter Alexandra... amid claims brother Maurice fathered secret love child Glamorous Mariah Carey, 47, slips her hourglass curves into figure-hugging jeans as she enjoys a casual dinner at a Japanese restaurant in LA Rip It Low! Christina Milian displays her toned curves in distressed tight white jeans and matching crop top as she steps out for a leisurely day Cristiano Ronaldo's girlfriend Georgina Rodriguez displays her sizzling beach body and pert behind in TINY bikini as the couple enjoy romantic break in Ibiza Scott Disick has drinks THROWN at him by Kim and Khloe Kardashian (and even Kris Jenner) after he takes a woman on family trip Sparked furious reaction  Mean girls! Jennie Garth and Tori Spelling reignite feud with former 90210 costar Tiffani Thiessen and refuse to speak her name Mocked her Bond girl Monica Bellucci, 52, flaunts her age-defying looks in a floor-length tulip dress at the premiere of film On The Milky Road in Rome 'Welcome to the world!' Bristol Palin gives birth to baby girl Atlee Bay - with thrilled grandma grizzly Sarah among the first to wish congratulations O'Reilly breaks cover! Former Fox News host Bill is pictured at New York Mets game with ex-colleague Geraldo Rivera Pair's ballpark night out  Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her extreme cleavage in revealing social snaps Meryl Streep, Robert De Niro and Christopher Walken enjoy Deer Hunter reunion 40 years after making Oscar-winning Vietnam War movie Elizabeth Hurley puts on a sophisticated display in a black brocade coat and scallop hem dress as she enjoys dinner in London Caitlyn Jenner admits to cross-dressing on trip to Las Vegas before transitioning during appearance on Late Late Show Chatting to Corden Just another day at the office! Lady Gaga displays her fit physique in a bodysuit on A Star Is Born set Filming the 4th remake of the film since April Nikki Reed posts another photo of her baby bump as she models her clothing line on social media Married to Vampire Diaries star Ian 'I hope she is fearless': Channing Tatum pens sweet essay about his daughter Everly and how he wants her to grow up to be like her mom Jenna Dewan General Hospital actor and Trump fan Antonio Sabato Jr to run for Congress after claiming Hollywood blacklisted him for publicly supporting the president Twins! Danny DeVito and look-alike daughter Lucy flash identical smirks at the Actors Fund Gala Joined him at the gala as he was honored '10 years and going!' Make-up free Jordana Brewster and husband Andrew Form share a romantic kiss after celebrating wedding anniversary Puppy love! Paris Jackson smooches her pooch during lunchtime outing in Los Angeles The 19-year-old couldn't stop kissing her dog, Koa Bear So in love! Zachary Quinto and boyfriend Miles McMillan pack on the PDA in NYC The pair kept a tight hold on each other as they strolled through NYC Jimmy Kimmel returns to his show to defend emotional healthcare speech as he reveals baby son is on the mend after life-saving heart surgery  Bald Cara Delevingne looks sleepy while jetting out of LA the day after attending the MTV Movie Awards She had a full day Monday 'I wouldn't be working either': Kim Zolciak reveals 20-year-old daughter Brielle is making six figures on social media Doesn't need a job Flex appeal! Julianne Hough reveals toned arms and legs in asymmetric dress on the red carpet for Dancing With The Stars Highlighted her fit figure 'Check it out!' Celebrity realtor Ryan Serhant teases Million Dollar Listing's 'insane' sixth season Begins airing on Bravo later this month Nugget's time to shine! Katy Perry's dog wins a starring role in his first campaign as the singer plays with the teacup poodle in a kimono co-ord 'I shouldn't get emotional again': Millie Bobby Brown pokes fun of weepy speech before heading out of LA Star of Netflix series Stranger Things Lisa Rinna and Amelia Hamlin have a mother-daughter shopping spree at Marc Jacobs in West Hollywood Enjoyed a little retail therapy 'I'm Conrad motherf***ing Hilton': Paris's brother to be bailed after unleashing homophobic and racist rant at police as long as he agrees to treatment Sean 'Diddy' Comb's ex chef alleges he and his pals exposed themselves to her... as rapper calls her sexual harassment lawsuit 'frivolous' As hot as the Sahara desert! Justin Bieber's racy ex Ray flaunts her sideboob in a high cut swimsuit one week after posing topless Former flame Who let the dogs out! Rumer Willis dresses down in sweat pants as she takes pet pooch on shopping spree in West Hollywood Appearing in Empire  The oldest hipster in town! Michael Douglas, 72, unveils a hirsute new look as he attends Chaplin Award gala Sported plenty of facial hair Amy Schumer reveals how excited her father was when she told him she'd be working with Goldie Hawn... as he has a picture of her above his bed Flawless couple! Basketball star Dwyane Wade supports his gorgeous wife Gabrielle Union at her beauty product party in Miami What sorcery is this? Poppy Delevingne and Annabelle Wallis look magical in elegant gowns at the LA premiere of King Arthur Stars of the new movie From hell and back again! Hellboy reboot to have R-rating and star Stranger Things actor David Harbour Director Guillermo del Toro Kenny Goss reveals he was in an 'open relationship with George Michael... and would talk about other men they slept with' Wham singer's ex lover HAIR over heels in love: Sophie Turner jumps for joy on New York City walk with boyfriend Joe Jonas They were the picture of young love Bye George! Cindy Crawford and husband Rande Gerber are all smiles after flying back home following birthday break with their close Clooney Keeping it in the family! Kiera Chaplin looks stunning in a goddess inspired gown at awards ceremony named after her grandfather Every inch the star Victoria's Secret model Romee Strijd shows off her fit figure in a crop top as she wears sunglasses to dinner at Tao in Hollywood Looking like a Milian bucks: Christina wows in green gown at King Arthur premiere in Los Angeles Held a very glittery clutch and wore silver earrings Split! Real Housewives Of Miami star Joanna Krupa 'broke it off with husband of four years Romain Zago FIVE MONTHS ago' Kept it secret for months Phaedra Parks 'fired' from Real Housewives of Atlanta after admitting she started 'drug and date rape' rumor about co-star Kandi Burruss Made ugly allegations You CAN Always Get What You Want! The Rolling Stones show no signs of slowing down as they announce plans to hit the road for European tour Sienna Miller looks morose while filming The Burning Woman with Christina Hendricks...after hacking scandal Getting crazy with their mini-me kids! Nick and Vanessa Lachey pull faces as they pose in Los Angeles with son Camden and daughter Brooklyn Fly girl! Jennifer Lopez jumps into action as she films subway scene in New York for Shades Of Blue Snapped filming an action sequence Not long now! Teen Mom Kailyn Lowry shows off her bump on girls' night with Amber Portwood Relaxing at a hotel in Los Angeles 'Three of my awards got taken': Rachel Griffiths reveals her Golden Globe and two SAG awards were STOLEN from her home last year Mom's the word! Kourtney Kardashian shows off her slender form in ripped jeans for lunch with Kim Wore a loose cropped sweatshirt That's amore! Ricky Martin and Edgar Ramirez embrace as lovers Gianni Versace and Antonio D'Amico during filming for American Crime Story She can't keep her clothes on! Courtney Stodden flashes her sideboob as she shows off her new hair color in Instagram clip Flaunting her curves All aboard the love boat! Kylie Jenner kisses new beau Travis Scott while partying on a sleek vessel at Miami's River Yacht Club Living the high life Demi Lovato splits from MMA fighter boyfriend Guilherme Vasconcelos The former couple first connected on a romantic level last July My little angel! Kim Kardashian shares sweet photo of Saint West with her Instagram fans  Kim doted on her one-year-old son Priyanka Chopra jets home after heart-warming UNICEF trip to help underprivileged children in Zimbabwe and South Africa Arrived back in LA I'll take one in every color! LeAnn Rimes wears red version of her favorite lace-up top Doesn't mind buying the same top in multiple colors Is 'ribcage bragging' the most worrying trend yet? This latest celebrity Instagram craze takes the cult of skinny to a new low An example to girls 'It made me a little sad': Harrison Ford reveals he was jealous when he saw Ryan Gosling 'working with a naked woman' on Blade Runner 2049 set Tiffany Trump looks studious in a tweed jacket as she attends a fashion show hours after it's revealed she'll attend law school at Georgetown University Richard Simmons accuses his ex-assistant of blackmail, stalking and extortion for selling 'cruel' sex change story Made claims in a lawsuit Angie Bowie steals the show in head-turning ensemble at premiere of new film Beside Bowie... despite her tumultuous past with late rocker Colourful figure 'He is completely besotted': Harry Styles 'is dating Naked Diet chef Tess Ward after being introduced through mutual friends' One Direction hunk Emily Ratajkowski goes topless in ANOTHER provocative selfie as she cheekily covers her perky cleavage with her hands Took to Instagram 'Not much competition': Liam Gallagher tells fans his solo single is coming... as he takes ANOTHER swipe at brother Noel and Damon Albarn Today's headlines Most Read Trump mocks Comey backlash: President accuses Cryin' Chuck Schumer of hypocrisy after Senate minority leader... Blindsided James Comey thought he was being PRANKED when news he was fired by Trump flashed up on TV while... Trump to meet Russian Foreign Minister one day after firing James Comey amid FBI investigation into... Comey's replacement is also embroiled in Clinton scandal: Andrew McCabe's wife got funding from a Hillary... 'FUN FACT: Nixon never fired the Director of the FBI': President gets trolled by Tricky Dicky's Library,... Republican Intelligence Committee chairman Richard Burr 'troubled' by Comey's firing, citing both the timing... 'US at a dark and dangerous moment in history': Democrats and pundits say Trump's firing of FBI chief Comey... Grand jury subpoenas are issued to associates of Michael Flynn in FBI's Russia investigation on the same day... Former Clinton conduits criticize Trump for firing Comey while Hillary remains silent Kellyanne Conway finally returns to CNN: Mouthpiece vigorously defends Trump's decision to fire James Comey,... White House claims it could not trust Sally Yates' warnings about Michael Flynn because she was a 'strong... 'Die-hard liberal' who founded Hollywood production company with Steve Bannon insists 'he’s not a racist or... Trump White House postpones meeting to decide fate of Paris climate deal AGAIN as Ivanka is still expected... Ivanka is upstaged at last! Vice president's pet bunny rabbit - dubbed 'Botus' - is the real star as White... Texts hint Penn State pledges were made to do elephant walk while holding each other's penises during... PICTURED: Mugshot of The Blind Side inspiration Michael Oher after he 'drunkenly attacked his Uber driver... College quarterback younger brother of NFL star Greg Olsen is indicted for 'punching woman, 23, he was... EXCLUSIVE: Student, 15, who was abducted by her teacher, 50, is refusing to return home and claims she is... Teacher, 50, is told he could be jailed for life for 'kidnapping his 15-year-old student and taking her... Newark Airport border officers 'were victims of extreme sexual hazing' which included being taped to a 'rape... Another headache for United: Passenger claims airline cancelled his flight reservation because he filmed a... Why a western diet gives you gout: Regularly consuming sugary drinks, red meat and chips raise the risk Revealed: The 45 celebrities that got warning letters from the FTC over their sponsored content posts Not in my yard! Video shows fearless dog chasing much bigger black bear away from owner's patio in upscale... Oregon planning to be first state with a 'no gender' option on its driving licenses which could be available... The science of offense: Researchers reveal why we laugh at racist and sexist jokes Sam the missing 17-foot python slithers back to Alaska home after two weeks missing Amtrak engineer will NOT be charged in deadly Philadelphia crash that killed eight in 2015 despite NTSB... Father-of-two chief coroner, 46, from a wealthy San Francisco suburb 'sexually abused an underage girl for... MORE HEADLINES Skies over Moscow turn red as Russia concludes 72nd Victory Day celebration with a massive fireworks display to mark the defeat of Hitler Trump mocks Comey backlash: President accuses Cryin' Chuck Schumer of hypocrisy after Senate minority leader claims firing of FBI director has 'shattered' the criminal justice system  Chaos at Fort Lauderdale airport as angry passengers clash with cops: Three are charged with inciting a riot and customers are thrown to the floor as ELEVEN canceled flights lead to ugly scenes Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller sobs as she gets a year and a day in prison for fraud: The 50-year-old admits she is a 'laughing stock' as judge jails her for hiding $755,000 in earnings EXCLUSIVE: Student, 15, who was abducted by her teacher, 50, is refusing to return home and claims she is 'IN LOVE' with grandfather who took her on 'fun road trip' to California 'In the bedroom, it was like the gods were fighting': How famously reticent Joe DiMaggio revealed the secrets of his marriage to Marilyn Monroe from their rampant sex life to her refusals to wash – to his PODIATRIST Teen, 16, turns himself in for throwing 68-year-old woman into a pool at townhouse party caught on shocking viral video Man, 65, charged with murdering his girlfriend, 60, claims she accidentally choked to death giving him oral sex - and he wants to show the jury his PENIS as part of his defense 'The battle is likely to be fierce, brutal and quick': Hacker group Anonymous warns that World War Three is 'looming' on the Korean peninsula Texts hint Penn State pledges were made to do elephant walk while holding each other's penises during obscene frat initiation that ended in teenager's death, as eight more brothers are indicted  'I go home to the man I’m in love with': Fox News host Shepard Smith speaks openly about being a gay man and reveals he is in a relationship Single woman fed up with men texting her explicit pictures fools one would-be Romeo into meeting her for a threesome . . . at Buckingham Palace Terrifying moment a mountain biker is chased by a BEAR as he rides through a forest  'She fell out and was sucked under by the rapids... she just disappeared': Horrified children tell how schoolgirl, 11, was killed on Drayton Manor water ride after ‘her raft hit a rock when she stood up to swap seats’ Mother 'locked her two toddler sons in boxes like dogs where they were found naked and covered in waste' College quarterback younger brother of NFL star Greg Olsen is indicted for 'punching woman, 23, he was dating in the face then raping her in his apartment after a night of drinking' Obama says he's 'fighting Michelle for closet space' (in his NINE BEDROOM mansion) and learning how to make his own coffee – as he insists 'I became more humble the longer I was in office' Parents slam Ohio middle school after they suspended their seventh grade son for 10 DAYS because he 'liked' an Instagram photo of an airsoft gun  Revealed: The 45 celebrities that got warning letters from the FTC over their sponsored content posts Girl, four, killed by a 'catastrophic' blow to the stomach in suspected child abuse case Mets pitcher Matt Harvey celebrated Cinco de Mayo by partying at NYC nightclub until 4am while drinking champagne, vodka and tequila - on same day he called out sick with a 'migraine' Scarred for life… by her own FATHER: Indian woman, 20, suffers terrible injuries when parent throws acid in her face 'because she knew he was selling young women to men'  Hundreds of workers take cover after tunnel with nuclear waste at plutonium finishing plant collapses Barack Obama relaxes at $20,000-a-night hilltop villa in Tuscany and takes up two floors of five-star hotel in Milan during two-day trip to Italy  Why labradors always win eating contests: Greedy dog nails cake prize by wolfing down its own plate in seconds - before scoffing everyone else's  Six-month-old baby dies after being attacked by a dog in Las Vegas  ISIS claim they've beheaded Russian intelligence officer captured in Syria on the day Putin celebrates anniversary of Russia's victory over the Nazis  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 44° Cloudy High: 52° | Low: 40° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: A special report Nation & World Politics More in Politics Politics Gov. LePage Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards Red Sox College Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Community More in Community Celebrations Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Source Food Books Things to Do MaineToday.com Sudoku Crossword Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Cops & Courts Posted Yesterday at 12:47 PM Updated May 9 increase font size Morning Sentinel May 9 police log Waterville area police reports for Monday May 9, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN AVON, Monday at 9:57 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Avon Valley Road. IN CARRABASSETT VALLEY, Monday at 9 a.m., vandalism was reported on Fir Avenue. IN FAIRFIELD, Monday at 11:02 a.m., a harassment complaint was reported on Davis Road. 3:17 p.m., a harassment complaint was taken on Montcalm Street. 4:16 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Norridgewock Road. 5:10 p.m., debris was reported on Western Avenue. 11:08 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Montcalm Street. Tuesday at midnight, suspicious activity was reported on Island Avenue. 7:03 a.m., trespassing was reported on Crosby Street. IN FARMINGTON, Monday at 5:44 a.m., an assault was reported on Fairbanks Road. 7:33 a.m., theft was reported on Fairbanks Road. 11:41 a.m., harassment was reported on Maguire Street. IN INDUSTRY, Monday at 1:55 p.m., a burglary was reported on Lakeside Drive. IN MADISON, Monday at 4:01 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Garfield Street. 8:25 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Spruce Street. IN MOSCOW, Monday at 2:10 p.m., an assault was reported on Deadwater Road. IN NEW PORTLAND, Monday at 10:58 a.m., a bail violation was reported on Middle Road. IN PHILLIP, Monday at 11:15 a.m., trespassing was reported on Rangeley Road. IN PITTSFIELD, Tuesday at 7:39 a.m., suspicious activity was reported on Higgins Road. IN NORRIDGEWOCK, Monday at 2 p.m., theft was reported on Madison Road. IN SKOWHEGAN, Monday at 3:30 p.m., fraud was reported on Russell Road. 9:30 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Pine Street. Tuesday at 7:33 a.m., a disturbance was reported on St. James Street. 8:17 a.m., a harassment complaint was taken on Chandler Street. IN STARKS, Monday at 6:21 p.m., an assault was reported on Chicken Street. IN STRONG, Monday at 11:33 a.m., trespassing was reported on Farmington Road. IN TEMPLE, Monday at 2:50 p.m., theft was reported on Hellgrens Way. IN WATERVILLE, Monday at 9:18 a.m., suspicious activity was reported in the parking lot at Wal-Mart in Waterville Commons. 12:03 p.m., a car burglary was reported on Pleasant Street. 12:04 p.m., theft was reported at Marden’s Surplus & Salvage on Kennedy Memorial Drive. 12:09 p.m., theft was reported at Pet Quarters on Main Street. 12:57 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Village Green Road. 2:12 p.m., a domestic dispute was reported in the parking lot at Wal-Mart. 2:51 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Front Street. 3:13 p.m., theft was reported on Green Street. 3:49 p.m., a vehicle fire was reported on Interstate 95. 5:59 p.m., a report of a protection order violation led to an arrest on Gray Street. 6:16 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Drummond Avenue. 6:23 p.m., criminal mischief was reported on Boutelle Avenue. 10:28 p.m., an unwanted person was reported on Carver Street. 10:58 p.m., theft was reported on Hathaway Street. 11:14 p.m., harassment was reported on Gilman Street. Tuesday at 5:31 a.m., a car burglary was reported on Dalton Street. ARRESTS IN FRANKLIN COUNTY, Tuesday, Zachary Demares, 20, of Carthage, was arrested on a warrant for unpaid fines. IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Monday at 11:46 a.m., Corey Eugene Swain, 40, of Hartland, was arrested on charges of criminal mischief, violating a condition of release and motion to revoke bail. 10:53 p.m., Keith A. Paul, 19, of Cornville, was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear. IN WATERVILLE, Monday at 6:54 p.m., Amy-Jo Beaudry, 42, of Winslow, was arrested on charges of violating conditions of release and a protection from harassment order. SUMMONSES IN WATERVILLE, Monday at 12:04 p.m., Aaron M. Esposito, 34, of Waterville, was summoned on a charge of theft. 10:24 p.m., Kristin Lee Layton, 48, of Winslow, was summoned on a charge of operating a vehicle without a license. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Local roundup: Gardiner cruises past Winslow in boys lacrosse Local roundup: Berthiaume leads Gardiner boys lacrosse to win over Winslow Farmingdale to end relationship with Gardiner Public Library Kingfield Planning Board hosts contentious public hearing on proposed Dollar General store New Augusta Food Bank location approved Waterville priest removed from duties over allegations of sexual abuse 15 years ago in Connecticut Augusta woman who embezzled $400K from pulp & paper group ordered to keep paying restitution Fire destroys merchandise at Waterville shoe store Trust fund from Logan Marr's death to pay for sister's college Hollis man shot sons with BB gun as ‘rite of passage,’ state police say Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Waterville priest removed from duties over allegations of sexual abuse 15 years ago in Connecticut Deceased TV weatherman Tom Johnston would have been charged in sexual assault, police say Maine's US Rep. Poliquin reportedly dodges question on latest Republican health bill Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Hanley Wood Announces 2017 BUILDER 100 Awards Hanley Wood Announces 2017 BUILDER 100 Awards Posted on May 9, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Fastest-Growing Private Builder Award Next 100, Fastest-Growing Private Builder, Fastest-Growing Public Builder, Builder of the Year Award, and BUILDER Hall of Fame Award Washington, D.C. (PRWEB) May 09, 2017 Hanley Wood, the premier information, media, event, and strategic marketing services company serving the residential, commercial design and construction industries, announces that Comstock Homes is the recipient of the Fastest-Growing Private Builder Award in the Next 100; Wade Jurney Homes will receive the Fastest-Growing Private Builder Award; AV Homes is named the Fastest-Growing Public Builder; and D.R. Horton is the 2017 Builder of the Year. Toll Brothers is the recipient of the BUILDER Hall of Fame Award. These awards will be presented at the 2017 Housing Leadership Summit, May 8 at the Ritz-Carlton in Dana Point, Calif. “This year’s honorees are not only true examples of managing challenges, but they have also found a niche where they can drive and maintain success; and thereby lead the industry in growth,” said John McManus, vice president and editorial director of Hanley Wood’s Residential Construction Group. “Hanley Wood salutes these award recipients for their commitment to teamwork, operational excellence, and serving customers’ ever evolving needs.” Fastest-Growing Builder in the Next 100: Comstock Homes California builder Comstock Homes’s commitment to scalability and targeting markets based on their economic fundamentals is what made it stand out as the Fastest-Growing Builder in this year’s Next 100 list. The company had more than 150 percent growth in 2016 going from 123 closings in 2015 to 308 closings in 2016. A very disciplined and patient acquisition strategy is leading Comstock Homes’s scalability and a target of 500 closings this year. Fastest-Growing Private Builder Award in the Builder 100: Wade Jurney Homes Wade Jurney Homes is a two-time winner for the Fastest-Growing Private Builder Award. The Greensboro, N.C.-based builder offers a price point that competes with resale across its five regions— Raleigh, Charlotte, and Greensboro/Triangle in North Carolina, the coastal Carolinas, and Southwest Florida. Where efficiencies existed, Jurney fine-tuned the model moving remote selling from 90 to 100 percent of his homes, selling out of retail centers like Wal-Mart and Target. Fastest-Growing Public Builder Award in the Builder 100: AV Homes Scottsdale, Ariz.–based AV Homes is the recipient of the Fastest-Growing Public Builder Award for two years in a row. In 2011, AV Homes closed 174 homes. In 2016, the builder closed on 2,465 homes—a 41 percent growth from the year before. Since taking the lead in 2012, Roger Cregg has redesigned the company’s balance sheet and expanded its presence in existing and new markets with the purchase of Central Florida–based Royal Oaks Homes, Charlotte, N.C.–based Bonterra Builders and Raleigh, N.C. –based Savvy Homes. In addition to spreading out geographically, the acquisitions brought variety to the company’s product portfolio. 2017 Builder of the Year: D.R. Horton D.R. Horton is the recipient of the Builder of the Year Award—presented each year to a builder that exemplifies excellence in its business strategy, its achievements, and its corporate leadership. Operating in 41 of home building’s top 50 markets in the U.S., D.R. Horton ranks No. 1 in 13 of them and hovers among the top five in 30 of the top 50. Expectations for the present year are for another in a sequence of stellar performances in unit volume—with 43,500 to 45,000 closings—revenues topping $13.4 billion, gross margins of more than 20 percent and overhead cost in the low-9 percent range. “We have captured industry-leading market share by responding to the needs and wants of America’s home buyers and by introducing new brands to our product line,” explains Don Horton, who founded the company in 1978 and took it public in 1992. BUILDER Hall of Fame Award: Bob and Bruce Toll, Toll Brothers The 2017 BUILDER Hall of Fame Award is awarded to Bob and Bruce Toll, founders of Toll Brothers. Now in its 50th year, Toll Brothers is America’s Luxury Home Builder—not only in single-family homes, but in an increasingly important city living, active living, apartment living, and campus living—with an average selling price in 2016 of $848,000, total revenues of $5.2 billion, and owned-controlled lots of 47,800. For three years in a row, Toll Brothers has been ranked the #1 Home Builder Worldwide on the FORTUNE Magazine “World’s Most Admired Companies®” list. The company was named one of America’s Most Trusted® Home Builders by Lifestory Research. Toll Brothers was also honored in 2014 as national Builder of the Year by BUILDER magazine. About BUILDER Published by Hanley Wood, BUILDER is the authority in the residential construction industry and serves as the magazine of the National Association of Home Builders (NAHB). For more than three decades, BUILDER has provided essential news, information and resources about products, technologies, trends, regulatory requirements and best practices to help home building professionals build smart. About Hanley Wood Hanley Wood is the premier company serving the information, media, and marketing needs of the residential, commercial design and construction industry. Utilizing the largest analytics and editorially driven Construction Industry Database, the company provides business intelligence and data-driven services. The company produces award-winning media, high-profile executive events, and strategic marketing solutions. To learn more, visit hanleywood.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/05/prweb14314828.htm Latest News After a Stroke, St. Augustine Man Still Making a Splash Chuck Brings Super Fast Inbox Cleanup to the iPad The Travel-Simple UZTZU, the World’s First 4-In-1 T-Shirt, Makes a Fashion Statement with Crowdfunders – Now at More than Double its Campaign Goal on Kickstarter Dr. Jacqueline Subka Now Offers Complimentary Consultations for Dental Implants in Thousand Oaks, CA e-Spirit Exceeds 2016 Sales and Product Innovation Goals Defense Attorney Joshua P. Weiss to Join Chattanooga Law Firm Dr. Patrick Cieplak Makes Dental Implants in La Plata, MD More Accessible, Now Offers Complimentary Consultations D3 Acquires Autodesk Manufacturing, Plant & DataWorks Business of MasterGraphics Hanley Wood Announces 2017 BUILDER 100 Awards Singer and Decorated Veteran, John Preston, Named Ambassador for Adapt-A-Vet © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Subscribe to Magazine Advertise Nominate a Young Gun Suggest an Article Nominate a Sharp Shooter Resources Contact Inkwell Register Here Home Business News Features Archives Young Guns Sharp Shooters Exclusives From the HUB Discover WV Shepherd Nursing Student Spearheads Donation Drive for Shepherdstown Day Care May 9, 2017 | Posted In: Business News A group of Shepherd University nursing students and faculty recently took a large donation of toys and supplies to Shepherdstown Day Care. After doing clinical work at the day care, Heather Connors, a nursing major from Gerrardstown, wanted to do something for the kids there so she organized a donation drive.   “I found out that it was a nonprofit facility and I felt they could use more and I wanted to do more,” said Connors, who has children about the same age as some who attend the day care. “The kids are very caring and they all want to come up to you, love you, and sit on your lap. I just thought this would be a way to help them.”   Connors talked to director, Melissa Holman, and assistant director, Michelle Robinson, about what kind of items the center needs. Connors works as a certified pharmacy tech at Walmart, which donated $100 gift card. She used the card to buy items for the center and collected new and used donations from other nursing students, faculty, friends, and family.    “I just want to make the kids happy,” Connors said. “We collected things like hula hoops, balls, colored play sand, books, construction paper, bubbles and a bubble machine.”   The nursing students and faculty also delivered items like tissues, bleach, and wipes.   “We love having the partnership with the nursing students and others at Shepherd University and feel very blessed at what Heather has gotten together and done for our children,” Robinson said. “Since we are nonprofit it is a wonderful gift to have people donate to us, and the items will certainly be used and enjoyed by the children.”   Robinson said receiving the donated items frees up money for education and other necessities.     “Being a nonprofit, our funds are limited,” Holman said. “To be able to purchase this amount of supplies for the kids at one time is extraordinary. Usually we have to have a fundraiser and we buy a little at a time.”   “We are overwhelmed by the generosity,” said Patty Martineau, president of the day care board of directors. “We simply don’t have the extra cash to buy all these wonderful things because our budget has to go to basic operations. This is just icing on the cake.”    Shepherdstown Day Care has the capacity for 100 children and currently 87 are in the program. It has been providing affordable, nurturing childcare and enriching educational experiences to the children in West Virginia’s Eastern Panhandle since 1973. Shepherdstown Day Care offers programs for infants, toddlers, preschoolers, before and after school care, and the state-mandated pre-K class.  Share This Article Related News About Author West Virginia Executive Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment (required) Name (required) Email (required) Website Current Issue Current Issue Read Issue Subscribe to magazine Suggest an article Advertise Connect with Us Twitter Facebook Linked In Pinterest Google Plus Advertise In order for your business to grow, you have to be seen—but not by just anyone. You need to be seen by the decision makers in West Virginia. We take the guess work out of building brand awareness so you can do what you do best—business in West Virginia. Advertise with Us Pages Subscribe to Magazine Advertise Nominate a Young Gun Suggest an Article Nominate a Sharp Shooter Resources Contact Inkwell Register Here © 2004-2016 Executive Ink, All Rights Reserved | PO Box 6277 - Charleston, WV 25362 | 304-941-0600
Man and woman plead not guilty to stabbing victim, dumping body - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Derby 2017 Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford Derby 2017 U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Keith Kaiser Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Man and woman plead not guilty to stabbing victim, dumping body near Jefferson Memorial Forest Posted: Tuesday, May 9, 2017 11:50 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 9, 2017 11:58 AM EDT LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) -- A man and woman accused of killing a man who agreed to give them a ride were in court Tuesday.  Misty McKnight, 39, and Robert Carpenter, 37, were booked into Metro Corrections on Monday. The two are accused of stabbing 31-year-old Joshua Cambron in April and then leaving his body in a creek off Bearcamp Road near Jefferson Memorial Forest. Police say it started April 21 after Cambron offered to give the two a ride from the Walmart on Outer Loop. Later that night, he was reported missing by his family. The suspects were later found near Columbus, Ohio with Cambron's car, which police say had traces of blood in it.  During questioning, investigators learned that McKnight knew the victim and admitted to the stabbing. Police say she and Carpenter were trying to rob Cambron when he resisted and was killed. During Tuesday's court appearance, McKnight's mood was light, and sheriff's deputies even had to tell her to stop talking to Carpenter. McKnight and Carpenter both pleaded not guilty to several charges, including murder, kidnapping and tampering with physical evidence. They're due back in court next week. Related: Two arrested in Ohio after man found dead near Jefferson Memorial Forest  Copyright 2017 WDRB Media. All rights reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Crime ReportsMore>> RAW VIDEO: Shively police identify suspect in Derby Day murder RAW VIDEO: Shively police identify suspect in Derby Day murder Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 3:47 PM EDT2017-05-09 19:47:42 GMT Police have identified a murder suspect taken into custody after a chase that started early Tuesday afternoon in Shively and ended on the approach to the Lincoln Bridge. More >> Police have identified a murder suspect taken into custody after a chase that started early Tuesday afternoon in Shively and ended on the approach to the Lincoln Bridge. More >> KSP busts two men with 33 pounds of heroin worth $1.5 million KSP busts two men with 33 pounds of heroin worth $1.5 million Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:58 PM EDT2017-05-09 18:58:19 GMT Courtesy Kentucky State Police The traffic stop in southwest Kentucky that resulted in the major drug bust.  More >> The traffic stop in southwest Kentucky that resulted in the major drug bust. More >> Man and woman plead not guilty to stabbing victim, dumping body near Jefferson Memorial Forest Man and woman plead not guilty to stabbing victim, dumping body near Jefferson Memorial Forest Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 11:58 AM EDT2017-05-09 15:58:31 GMT A man and woman accused of killing a man who agreed to give them a ride were in court Tuesday.  More >> A man and woman accused of killing a man who agreed to give them a ride were in court Tuesday. More >> LMPD: 3 suspects arrested after shots fired from inside vehicle LMPD: 3 suspects arrested after shots fired from inside vehicle Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 11:18 AM EDT2017-05-09 15:18:18 GMT Police say the shooting happened Monday in the 2200 block of Greenwood Avenue near South 22nd Street.More >> Police say the shooting happened Monday in the 2200 block of Greenwood Avenue near South 22nd Street.More >> Metro Corrections inmate facing assault charge months after attack Metro Corrections inmate facing assault charge months after attack Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 11:05 AM EDT2017-05-09 15:05:29 GMT An inmate at Louisville Metro Corrections has been arrested after authorities say he brutally assaulted another inmate, to the extent that the victim had to be taken to University Hospital. More >> An inmate at Louisville Metro Corrections has been arrested after authorities say he brutally assaulted another inmate, to the extent that the victim had to be taken to University Hospital.More >> Police investigating after man dies from assault in south Louisville Police investigating after man dies from assault in south Louisville Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 10:00 AM EDT2017-05-09 14:00:55 GMT Police say they know who caused his injuries, but no charges are pending at this time...More >> Police say they know who caused his injuries, but no charges are pending at this time...More >> Jeffersonville Police arrest two for gunfire exchange in liquor store parking lot Jeffersonville Police arrest two for gunfire exchange in liquor store parking lot Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 8:34 AM EDT2017-05-09 12:34:51 GMT The evidence officers recovered, and the felony charges filed against both men.  More >> The evidence officers recovered, and the felony charges filed against both men. More >> Shively Police may know who killed man found shot in truck Saturday Shively Police may know who killed man found shot in truck Saturday Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 8:19 AM EDT2017-05-09 12:19:04 GMT Shively Police says a weekend homicide victim was running for his life after being shot while driving down 7th Street Road. More >> Shively Police says a weekend homicide victim was running for his life after being shot while driving down 7th Street Road.More >>    WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
TV MOVIES TOP TENS MUSIC LIFESTYLE Our best beauty product finds for May 2017 9th May 2017 by April Neale Share with friendsTweet GoogleWhatsappStumbleuponMail Avalon Organics hits a homerun with their vitamin C infused new skincare line this month! We love May, the month where the Memorial Day Weekend is always a fun break, and summer is pretty much here. But make sure you are prepared for the hotter weather by thinking ahead. You don’t have to go broke, either! This is the month that summer skin game plans can be worked out, so skin and hair gets a break from the cold but the constant UV exposure means you must be vigilant to keep from getting any precancerous skin damage or hyperpigmentation. This is also before the worst summer months when your hair takes a beating, so prepare and protect! This month we worked through some amazing (non-retail, no value) samples of items sent to us to try out, and wanted to share the good news. Product of the Month goes to Jurlique for their trio of amazing new body care items, the Immersive Rituals Body Care Gift Set. (SRP is $65.00). You get three body care items made with pure Rose extracts. Rose Shower Gel 300mL plus Rose Body Care Lotion 300mL and Rose Hand Cream 40mL. This is a pure and natural skincare line made with natural oils, extracts of Rosa damascena, with no harmful ingredients whatsoever. This set is a great Mother’s Day gift to boot. Fragrance of the month goes to…Ariana Grande? Yes! That petite pop star has a really delicious new fragrance aptly named Sweet Like Candy. Loads of base vanilla and cashmere woods oils are hemmed in and made more sophisticated by blackberry, pear, and bergamot, plus marshmallow and Jasmine sambac. Impressive considering the reasonable price point (SRP $39) and can be found easily at Ulta. Skintastic finds Avalon Organics Intense Defense line of skincare, Cleansing Gel, Facial Serum, Antioxidant Oil, Sheer Moisture SPF 10, Renewal Cream, Detoxifying Towelettes, and Lip Balm Made in the USA  Why we love it: (SRP $5 and up, prices vary by retailer) Avalon Organics is a quality affordable unisex line of skincare found easily in grocers like Albertsons, Safeway and Whole Foods to drugstores. Avalon Organics’ new line is an orange-scented highly targeted skincare made with quality ingredients. Pump delivery system for the serums and ckleander and moisturizer, this is perfect for the coming summer months. Intense Defense with Vitamin C beats back the seasonal headaches like UV rays and pollution that exacerbate visible aging. Formulation for this line includes high levels of vitamin C, white tea and lemon bioflavonoids to help skin stay looking good. The Towelettes are to be kept in your handbag or gym bag at all times. Great for travel too. Intense Defense with Vitamin C Lip Balm and the pump Cleansing Gel are brilliant, as are the facial Oil and Serum. This skincare made to work without bankrupting you should be on your radar. Exuviance Targeted Wrinkle Repair 1 oz. Made in the USA  Why we love it: (SRP $68) Who wouldn’t love something called Wrinkle Repair? We gave Exuviance the good try and found that the results were noticeable. Use this pump delivery potion twice daily where you have lines and aging concerns. You get three patented potent ingredient compounds, CitraFill, NeoGlucosamine and Matrixyl Peptides, all of which work together to strengthen skin and hydrate. Your skin really looks refreshed, plumper and dewy. This one is a keeper. No Fragrance, dyes, parabens or PABA. Can be found at ULTA, online and other beauty retailers nationwide. Alba Botanica Fast Fix Sheet masks- non-retail samples tried: Camu Camu Anti-wrinkle, Coconut Water Hydrate, Papaya Anti-Acne Made in the USA  Why we love it: (SRP: $3.49) Going away for a weekender? Have some time to pop on a face mask and soak in a bath? Use these botanically infused safe for the skin masks. Alba Fast Fix Sheet Masks are found easily at Target, Wal-Mart, Whole Foods and other grocers. Hygienically wrapped, portable high doses of serum-soaked fiber to easily apply, as it delivers concentrated doses of active botanical ingredients. 100% vegetarian ingredients, no animal testing, synthetic fragrances, dyes or parabens. Papaya Anti-Acne Sheet Mask uses papaya, lemon balm and salicylic acid to help sweep away dead skin debris that clogs pores. Coconut Water Hydrate Sheet Mask has coconut water, cucumber and chamomile for a shot of hydrated bliss for the parched people and the Camu Camu Anti-Wrinkle Sheet Mask has botanicals camu camu, cocoa and caffeine to tighten, brighten and get you ready for your close-up or fancy event. Hair raisers Marula 5-in-1 Volumizing Spray – Firm Hold Made in the USA  Why we love it: (SRP $29) Lightweight, airy and not like an oppressive firm hold hair spray, this Marula 5-in-1 natural oil infused hair fixer is perfect for the fine hair people who hate the lacquered hair look. Paraben and phthalate free formula that has a slight clean scent, you helmet head ladies will absolutely hate this. For the rest of us who love touchable hair, hearts! Good for root volumizing too by their unique nozzle design. Cantu Shea Butter ACV Root Rinse and Dry Co-Wash Made in the USA  Why we love it: (Under $10) Apple Cider Vinegar is a miracle worker, and this Cantu natural formulation gets to the root to soothe scalps and promote new hair growth. Made for all hair, and is especially fantastic for people with extensions and weaves. De-gunks the glue point for where the extension piece is bonded to your own hair. If you work out daily but cannot wash your hair every day, or as often as you feel you need to, this entire line will save your head of hair! The Dry Co-Wash is a gym bag essential too. part dry shampoo, part conditioner, 100% hair saver. Smells great too. Easily found in Walmart, Sally Beauty, Target and CVS. éprouvage Thickening and Plumping Spray – 8 oz. Made in the USA   Why we love it: (SRP $18) Everyone wants healthy thick shiny hair. This éprouvage spray helps you get there. Easily found at Ulta or online, this lightweight plumping spray that provides volume and body to finer hair textures. Amps up overall body and volume. Read: No helmet hair! Loaded with botanicals like Egyptian Blue Lily, and Soy & Rice Keratins, and French Oak Extract, this fantastic smelling clean potion has zero sulfates, no gluten, no parabens, no mineral oils, no phthalates, no propylene glycol, no animal testing, no DEA, no synthetic dyes. Do you have fine hair that needs TLC? Try this fantastic item! Macadamia Professional Endless Summer collection: Shampoo, Conditioner, and Sun Shield Dry Oil Veil Made in the USA  Why we love it: Perfect timing! You need this to sally forth into summer. Color your hair? Especially you! We got to try samples of three of the items in this Macadamia Professional four-part system, the Sun & Surf Shampoo and Conditioner and the Sun Shield Dry Oil Veil to protect and serve your follicles when we hit the hottest days. Obliterates frizz, seals in color with natural moisture and infused with badass botanicals like Macadamia and Argan oils. Rich in Omegas 7, 5, 3 and 9 oils. Did we mention it smells like summer coconut heaven? it goes without saying, this is also cruelty-free and free of gluten and parabens. Manly concerns Van Der Hagen Shave Butter Made in the USA Why we love it: (SRP $6.99) Van Der Hagen is bringing back old-style shaving like no other company. Reasonably priced. This unisex shave cream is a great find usually for under $6 in most retailers like Walgreens, Target and Walmart. Forget foams and gels. This formula boasts Macadamia Nut Oil, Shea, Mango and Cocoa Butters to make shaving a joyous endeavor. Truly a fabulous find for all. The entire shave line from them is a great swap from the more expensive Art of Shaving line. This article was based on samples sent to Monsters and Critics by the companies mentioned.  Got something to say about this? Tell us in the comments! You may also like Share with friendsTweet GoogleWhatsappStumbleuponMail DON'T MISS Pages About Monsters and Critics Contact Us Privacy Team Members TV Series © Copyright 2004 - 2017 Monsters and Critics · All Rights Reserved · All logos & trademarks belong to their respective owners· All images are used with permission or licensed. Share with friendsTwitter Google Whatsapp Reddit Stumbleupon Mail
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Target to launch next-day home delivery USA TODAY Roger Yu 17 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL SFR seeks $2.6 billion in damages from Orange in antitrust litigation Carl Icahn's investment fund starts 2017 down again Retail giant Target plans to launch next-day home delivery of household goods, an effort to keep up with its main competitors, Walmart and Amazon.com, which already operate similar services for online shoppers.  Quotes in the article Target Corp TGT ▲ 58.08 +0.78 +1.36% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 952.82 +3.78 +0.40% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 76.72 +0.60 +0.79% The service, dubbed Target Restock, is currently being tested among employees in the Minneapolis area, where the company is headquartered. Target will launch the pilot service more broadly in Minneapolis this summer, it said in a company blog Monday. Target didn't specify pricing but said delivery will cost "a low, flat fee." Amazon's Prime Pantry service, which delivers groceries and household goods to its Prime members, costs $5.99 per delivery.  In the pilot program, customers wishing to use the delivery service must have a company-issued credit or debit card, called REDcard. They will be able to select from "thousands" of household goods, including  laundry detergent, paper towels, granola bars and coffee, it said. Orders placed before 1:30 p.m. will be delivered by the next business day.  Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Tweets fly fast and furious following firing of FBI head Comey USA TODAY Your snaps can now last to 'infinity' on Snapchat USA TODAY Meet the women who could sit on the Senate health care working group USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored 15.6-in Dell: 1TB HDD, DVD RW, + HD touchscreen Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Linksys Wi-Fi Range Extender, on sale $99.99 Save $350 on this Dell with 4K HD and 1TB SSD Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Login Home Sections Latest News Science News Medical News Life News Business News Marketplace  RSS Feeds by Section Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Currently Embargoed Journal Related News Video/Audio Channels Physics All Journal News Quantum Mechanics Infectious Diseases Healthcare Public Health Patient Safety Technology Drug Resistance Nursing U.S. Politics National Infrastructure European Union News Cybersecurity Tornadoes International Law Influenza Floods Hurricanes Zika Virus  RSS Feeds by Channel Wires Archived Wires: Daily Wire SciWire MedWire LifeWire BizWire Special Wires Calendar: Upcoming Theme Wires Experts Expert Pitch Expert Spotlight Expert Features Expert Query Form Expert Directory Advanced Article Search Newsrooms Search Newsrooms/Institutions American Medical Society for Sports Medicine (AMSSM) Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee St. Jude Children's Research Hospital University of Illinois at Chicago DePaul University College of American Pathologists (CAP) Wildlife Conservation Society About Member Services Services for Journalists Services for Public Users FAQ: Contributors/Source Institutions FAQ: Journalists FAQ: Public Users Participating Institutions Media Subscribers Sample Effectiveness Reports Archived Wires Terms of Service Privacy Policy Our Staff Contact Newswise Blog Newswise Blog Subscribe Now   Return to Article List Kansas State University Research Center Helps Consumers 'Fight Bac' Through National Poultry Food Safety Campaign Article ID: 674281 Released: 8-May-2017 9:05 AM EDT Source Newsroom: Kansas State University Add to Favorites more news from this source Share Credit: Kansas State University Edgar Chambers IV, co-director of Kansas State University's Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior, works with center researchers to study safe food handling practices. The Partnership for Food Safety Education is using center research as the basis for a nationwide food safety campaign. Credit: Kansas State University Edgar Chambers IV, co-director of Kansas State University's Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior, works with center researchers to study safe food handling practices. The Partnership for Food Safety Education is using center research as the basis for a nationwide food safety campaign. Credit: Kansas State University Edgar Chambers IV, co-director of Kansas State University's Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior, works with center researchers to study safe food handling practices. The Partnership for Food Safety Education is using center research as the basis for a nationwide food safety campaign. Credit: Kansas State University Edgar Chambers IV, co-director of Kansas State University's Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior, works with center researchers to study safe food handling practices. The Partnership for Food Safety Education is using center research as the basis for a nationwide food safety campaign. MEDIA CONTACT Available for logged-in reporters only CHANNELS Food and Water Safety, Food Science, Nutrition KEYWORDS Kansas State University, K-State, Kansas State, KSU, Edgar Chambers, Food, Nutrition, Poultry, Food Safety, Sensory Analysis Center, Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior, Partnership for Food Safety Education, Chicken, grocery store, Kitchen + Show More Newswise — MANHATTAN, KANSAS — Kansas State University research is reaching kitchens and grocery stores across the country, thanks to a national campaign that promotes food safety and safe poultry handling. The Partnership for Food Safety Education is using research from Kansas State University's Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior for its nationwide campaign, Don't Wing It: Practice Safe Poultry Handling. The campaign is being featured by Wal-Mart, Publix and other supermarkets across the country. University researchers conducted years of food safety studies and developed safety tips that are the basis of the campaign. These food safety tips and information will appear in grocery store signs, circular ads, poultry bags, cooler shelf tags, propane tanks and other locations throughout stores. "Research on food safety conducted in the Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior is key to our overall goal of ensuring that consumers get the best products and information to help them live healthy, happy, productive lives," said Edgar Chambers IV, co-director of the center and university distinguished professor of food, nutrition, dietetics and health. "The fact that a national group like the Partnership for Food Safety Education chose to use the research that we conducted as the basis of their new national campaign shows the importance of what we do." Researchers involved at Kansas State University include Dolores Chambers, co-director of the Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior and professor of food, nutrition, dietetics and health; Kadri Koppel, assistant professor of food, nutrition, dietetics and health; Curtis Maughan, 2015 doctoral graduate in human nutrition; and Amy Donelan, 2016 master's graduate in human nutrition. The U.S. Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture funded the research, which also included collaborating institutions Tennessee State University and RTI International. "This is sensory science in action," Chambers said. "We conducted surveys, watched consumers in grocery stores as they shopped and watched as they stored food in homes. We also observed their cooking and cooking behavior and conducted many other food safety-focused studies." Chambers noted that simple steps could help consumers keep poultry and meat safer. Some of the safety tips based on Kansas State University research include: • Disinfecting shopping cart handles. University studies showed that 85 percent of people touch shopping cart handles after handling raw poultry and 49 percent of people had poultry juice on their hands when they touched the handles. • Using meat bags in grocery stores and keeping meat in bags until getting home. • Washing hands before and after food preparation. A university study demonstrated that 90 percent of consumers cross-contaminated food during meal preparation. • Checking doneness of meat and poultry with a meat thermometer. A university study of consumers nationwide demonstrated that only 57 percent of consumers use a thermometer for whole chickens and 12-26 percent use it for smaller pieces. Similarly, university studies show that LED kitchen lighting caused 50 percent of consumers to view poultry as done when it was not. The university team will continue adding important research to the campaign in the next year, Chambers said. The center has a second location at the university's Olathe campus, where researchers are conducting studies on grilling and food safety. The Partnership for Food Safety Education is a nonprofit organization that delivers science-based messaging to consumers to reduce risk of foodborne illness. Read more at http://www.k-state.edu/media/newsreleases/2017-05/foodsafety5817.html Permalink to this article COMMENTS | COMMENTING POLICY Comment/Share Share Leave a comment... Commenting policy ©2017 Newswise, Inc 215 5th St. SW, Suite 100, Charlottesville VA 22903 434-296-9417 Privacy Notice Terms of Service Contact Us 0.244 seconds Follow Us Hide the chat Chat now!
Sections Deseret NewsEntertainment Entertainment Chris Hicks: ‘Streets of San Francisco,’ ‘Mannix’ on DVD this week By Chris HicksFor the Deseret News Published: May 9, 2017 9:20 a.m. Updated: yesterday + Leave a comment 1 of 4 View 4 Items CBS/Paramount Joe Mannix (Mike Conners) and his assistant Peggy (Gail Fisher) are the lead characters in the 1967-75 private-eye series "Mannix," now available in a new complete-series DVD set. Before going on to an Oscar-winning film career, Michael Douglas earned stardom with his TV series “The Streets of San Francisco,” which is on DVD this week, along with another vintage crime-stopper show, “Mannix,” starring Mike Connors. “The Streets of San Francisco: The Complete Series” (CBS/Paramount, 1972-77, 32 discs, 120 episodes, featurettes). Karl Malden is the seasoned street cop promoted to detective and Michael Douglas is his up-and-coming, college-educated partner in this well-written police procedural, which is bolstered by filming on scenic San Francisco locations and an array of impressive guest stars, including Tom Selleck, Leslie Nielsen, Nick Nolte, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Martin Sheen, Robert Wagner, Mark Hamill, Sam Elliott and many others. The fifth season finds Douglas jumping ship after two episodes and being replaced by Richard Hatch, which marked the show’s death knell at the end of the season. “Mannix: The Complete Series” (CBS/Paramount, 1967-75, 48 discs, 194 episodes, audio intros/commentaries, featurettes, promos, photo gallery, excerpts from “Diagnosis: Murder” and “The Mike Douglas Show”). Mike Connors stars as tough-guy private eye Joe Mannix in this enjoyable eight-season crime series, which is more violent than most during this era. In the first season, Mannix works for a company that relies on computers, but from the second season on he’s a more typical private eye, with help from his assistant Peggy (Gail Fisher, who won an Emmy and was one of the first African-American regulars on a major TV show). Guests include Tom Selleck, Diane Keaton, Martin Sheen, William Shatner, Darren McGavin, Gloria Grahame, Tom Skerritt and pop singers Neil Diamond and Buffalo Springfield. “Shark Week: Shark ’N’ Awe! Collection” (Lionsgate, 2015-16, six discs, 32 episodes). Are you into Discovery Channel’s “Shark Week” specials so much that you’ve been wishing you could have them on your shelf? If so, you’ll enjoy this collection of documentaries that follow marine biologists as they trek across the globe looking into shark attacks and finding great whites in unexplored seas. (This is exclusively at Wal-Mart for the first few weeks.) “2016 World Series: The Complete Game 7: Ultimate Edition” (MLB/Shout!, 2016, two discs, featurettes). The first disc here has the complete game described in the title, with four audio options for English, for Spanish, and for both Chicago Cubs and Cleveland Indians radio broadcasts. Disc two features highlights and raw footage from the World Series parade. “Plants Behaving Badly” (PBS, 2013, two episodes). Two hourlong episodes, titled “Carnivorous Plants” and “Orchids,” examine the intriguing behavior of the title vegetation, whose uniqueness attracted the attention of Charles Darwin a century and a half ago. “NOVA: The Origami Revolution” (PBS, 2017). This 60-minute episode explains the centuries-old tradition of folding two-dimensional paper into three-dimensional shapes and how engineers are using them to reshape the world around us. “All About Allergies” (PBS Kids, 2017, five episodes). Collected here are five episodes from four children's animated programs that have delved into various allergies: “Arthur,” “Peg + Cat,” “WordWorld” and “Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood.” “Rake: Series 1” (Acorn, 2010, three discs, eight episodes). Yet another highly dysfunctional crime show, with Richard Roxburgh as a charming but self-destructive lawyer defending the utterly hopeless and known for being a rogue. It’s Australian, so you may need the subtitles. It contains violence, language, nudity, drugs and sex. (Seasons two through four have already aired in Australia.) “Divorce: The Complete First Season” (HBO, 2016, two discs, 10 episodes, audio commentaries). This is a dark, satirical, profane examination of a divorcing couple (Sarah Jessica Parker, Thomas Haden Church) after 10 years and two children. (A second season will begin on HBO in the fall.) “Orange Is the New Black: Season Four” (Lionsgate, 2016, three-disc Blu-ray, four-disc DVD, 13 episodes, audio commentaries, featurette, bloopers). Taylor Schilling heads the cast of this gritty Netflix series set in a women’s prison, with Laura Prepon, Kate Mulgrew and Natasha Lyonne. It contains HBO-level violence, sex, nudity and language. (The fifth season begins June 9 on Netflix.) Comment on this story “Inside Amy Schumer: Season 6” (Comedy Central, 2016, nine episodes, deleted scenes, featurette). Schumer’s raunchy “skitcom” continues with eight episodes and a clip special. Guests include Liam Neeson, Maggie Gyllenhaal, Julianne Moore, F. Murray Abraham, Louis C.K., Harvey Keitel and many others. (The show has been renewed for a fifth season on Comedy Central but no date has been announced.) “Kingdom: Seasons One and Two” (Shout!, 2014-16, nine discs, 30 episodes). Frank Grillo stars in this rough drama as the owner of a Southern California mixed martial arts gym where he trains fighters, including his two adult sons. These are soap opera stories punctuated by graphic violence, sex, nudity and language. (A third and final 10-episode season begins May 31 on the AT&T Audience channel, which is exclusive to DirecTV.) Add a comment Like that? Read this. Sponsored by Utah League of Cities and Towns How much do firefighters wear and carry? Family 9 hours ago Chuck Norris could be coming to a Utah gas station near you Family 8 hours ago Utah band Dahlia Row brings acoustic twist to classic Beatles song The PopuList 1 U.S. bobsledder and Park City native Steven Holcomb, 37, found dead 2 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' blasts off with $145M debut 3 In college test prep industry, cheaper options available 4 23 new family movies coming out this summer 5 What are fidget spinners? And why are they annoying teachers? View all for Entertainment most Commented 8 What are fidget spinners? And why are they annoying teachers? 4 James Patterson and Bill Clinton are writing a book together, and its title made Twitter freak out 4 Your favorite comedian will now be performing at this year's Stadium of Fire 3 Dad recounts hearing that son confessed to shooting classmate 3 National inequality expert: 'Utah's rich are only merely rich instead of extraordinarily rich' 2 23 new family movies coming out this summer 2 Judge signs order barring Utah from defunding Planned Parenthood 2 Chuck Norris could be coming to a Utah gas station near you Wednesday, May, 10, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
Kansas Ag Network 94.5 Country FM Country Legends 106.9 Hot Jobs Report ENTER TO WIN! WIBW News Now! Kansas Source for News, Weather and Sports - Topeka, Lawrence, Manhattan, Junction City Header Weather 71°F Scattered Clouds Feels Like 71° Winds SSW 7 mph Wed82° 60° Thu66° 51° Fri72° 49° Sat77° 59° Sun84° 63° ENTER TO WIN Home News Agriculture Sports Sports Now Scoreboard High School Sports Now High School Basketball High School Football High School Baseball & Softball Radio 580 WIBW 94.5 Country Schedule Promotions & Contests Winners Station Contest Rules Weather Interactive Weather Map Closings, Cancellations and Delays KDOT Road Conditions Weather Pics Be Prepared Community Calendar Garage Sales Greater Topeka Chamber Education Links Emergency Contacts Pets Video WIBW Video News Now! Topeka City Council Shawnee County Commission NASA TV Promotions Podcasts News at Noon Sports Talk High School Basketball High School Football Contact Us UPDATE: 11-year-old Topeka boy found after days-long search by Ryan Ogle on May 9, 2017 at 12:05 PM Police say an 11-year-old Topeka boy who went missing five days ago has been located. Mikah Ware was last seen by his family after getting off the school bus around 3 p.m. on Friday, May 5. According to a missing person flier, he got off the bus at SW Armagh and Kirklawn Avenue, about one block north of the Walmart at 1301 SW 37th St. Several members of the Topeka community took to the streets with fliers detailing Mikah’s disappearance. Those efforts paid off Tuesday when the boy’s mother announced through social media that he had been found.  “Somebody has found my son in Central Topeka,” posted Heavenly Stewart. “We are on our way to pick him up! Thank you everybody for posting and passing out flyers. I don’t know how I can thank you enough.” Topeka Police Lt. Colleen Stuart confirms that Mikah was located by his mother, who took him to intake.  Stuart says, as of 12 p.m. Tuesday, the mother has not contacted the Topeka Police Department to officially confirm that Mikah is no longer missing. After his disappearance Friday, the boy’s family heard from several individuals who claimed to have spotted him at various locations around Topeka.  Friends of Mikah’s family told WIBW News Now that the boy was spotted at least three times over the weekend. One reported sighting was at a restaurant in the area of SE 6th and Layfette, where he was said to be with an unknown woman claiming to be his mother. Mikah was also seen riding a bicycle near the Gordmans department store in the 3200 block of SW Topeka Boulevard. Topeka resident Cassandra Olmstead, who actively assisted in the search via the Topeka Real Time News / Police Scanner Facebook group, says another person believes they saw him riding the bicycle in the area SW Claire Avenue and Armagh, about a block west of where got off the school bus. Relatives say the bicycle Mikah was seen riding was not his.  Details surrounding Mikah’s disappearance and whereabouts since Friday have not been released.  Updated @ 12:30 p.m.   Friends and family of 11-year-old Mikah Ware have been circulating this flier in the hopes someone will come forward with information on his whereabouts.   Ryan Ogle joined the 580 WIBW News team in 2015. Follow him on Twitter @RyanEOgle Headlines, Kansas Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Social Icons Zone 111 Trending Stories UPDATE: 11-year-old Topeka boy found after days-long search SUV crashes through southwest Topeka storefront Man dies after fight in east Topeka Topeka police seek suspects who stole lawnmowers from USD 501 Police investigating central Topeka carjacking Governor says doing income tax, school funding separately would have ‘real merit’ Kansas couple sentenced in kidnapping of woman who was slain Tunnel with nuclear waste collapses in Washington state Tax plan on slow road, waiting on more school funding certainty to make progress Warm weather continues, rain chances increase tonight and tomorrow Zone 112 Copyright © 2017 · Dynamik Website Builder on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in Left Column Copyright © 2017 Alpha Media USA Right Column E.E.O. Public File Report WIBW Contest Rules Privacy Policy Careers Bottom Center Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_11_6) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/53.0.2785.143 Safari/537.36 Page Id: 122484 ~ User IP: 174.138.73.109 desktop chrome WIBW News Now! ENTER TO WIN Home News ▷ Agriculture Sports ▷ Sports Now Scoreboard High School Sports Now High School Basketball High School Football High School Baseball & Softball Radio ▷ 580 WIBW 94.5 Country Schedule Promotions & Contests Station Contest Rules Weather ▷ Interactive Weather Map Closings, Cancellations and Delays KDOT Road Conditions Weather Pics Be Prepared Community ▷ Calendar Garage Sales Greater Topeka Chamber Education Links Emergency Contacts Pets Video ▷ WIBW Video News Now! Topeka City Council Shawnee County Commission NASA TV Promotions Podcasts ▷ News at Noon Sports Talk High School Basketball High School Football Contact Us
Strategy News Creative Report Card About Brands Agencies Creative Directors Art Directors Copywriters Planners Events BCON Expo AdTech Shopper Marketing Forum Awards CASSIES Shopper Innovation Awards AToMiC Awards Marketing Awards PROMO! Awards Strategy Awards Agency of The Year Strategy   Home Calendar Awards Magazine Screening Room Careers Categories Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Tech C-Suite    ARCHIVE Home » Retail, Shopper Marketing » The future of shopping: Grocery robots and flowers by mail In part two of this series, we explore the not-so-distant future of pick-up and delivery. By Mark Burgess 17 hours ago This article appears in the May 2017 issue of strategy. The single household is multiplying. So is the online shopper’s appetite. Personalization is essential to getting consumers off the couch and into the store, as are tailored experiences. Friction is to be avoided at all costs. Even though trends in retail have become clearer, there’s no definitive response. Brands facing changing demographics and consumption habits are playing with product formats and in-store experiences, as well as testing supply chain and delivery innovations. Many are trying to duplicate the ease of online shopping in the physical retail world through easier payments and custom service. Our five-part shopper report takes you through the trends and strategic approaches (in Canada and around the world) that brands are adopting as they try to catch up with the future shopper. Read part one here and check back throughout this week for more on the future of shopping. It is no longer unfathomable, in 2017, for a robot named Gita to carry your groceries home. While several companies experiment with robot technology to gather your foodstuffs – thus cutting down on labour costs for online grocery ordering – Piaggio Fast Forward, a division of the Italian scooter brand, is developing an “intelligent, nimble cargo vehicle” to do the lifting (or rolling, as it were). Gita is at the far end of a growing spectrum of brands experimenting with new delivery mechanisms to establish direct relationships with consumers and address demand for instant delivery. The Hudson’s Bay Company, for example, invested $60 million to upgrade an e-commerce warehouse in Scarborough, Ont. that started operating last fall. The dystopian-sounding “robotic fulfillment centre” features 16 aisles that can hold more than one million units of inventory and process 4,200 orders every hour, a release said. In the U.K, a flower shop has developed its own unique solution to shipping its product. The online-only Bloom & Wild offers same-day service in London and next-day across the country, using unique boxes that keep the product hydrated and are flat enough to fit through mail slots. The boxes cut the supply chain by not relying on a courier for delivery, and eliminate the common problems of missed deliveries or ruined surprises. Orders are made on the website or on a mobile app in as little as 30 seconds, and the latter can be integrated with calendars and address books. But it’s not as simple as investing more in direct sales, or figuring out where to target e-commerce spending, says ConAgra senior omnichannel marketing manager Vanessa Sankar. Rather than developing its own channels, the company is looking to leverage retailer platforms to build the online side of its sales. “Given the geography of Canada and how difficult and expensive the supply chain is, it wouldn’t be our strategy to sell direct to consumers,” she says. Most of its work so far has been with Walmart. The retail giant has an online grocery order and pick-up service across the Greater Toronto Area and in six Edmonton stores, and in March introduced grocery delivery in the GTA through partners JoeyCo and Daily Delivery. Brands can buy media on Walmart’s website, which ConAgra has done, providing a new channel to find consumers on the path-to-online-purchase. The CPG co is also experimenting with Amazon, though it wasn’t ready to provide details. A February eMarketer report about Canadian e-commerce says the major challenge is not “the principle of omnichannel or even the technology behind it,” but being able to turn a profit. “The investment can be immense: big data systems, e-commerce fulfillment operations and digital platforms that provide a consistent experience across device types.” Click-and-collect programs have gained the most traction in Canada, the report says. Even a deep-pocketed pillar of Canadian retail like Loblaw is focusing on store pick-up over home delivery. CEO Galen Weston said in a February earnings call that while his company may experiment with delivery, its research in mature online grocery shopping markets shows “a shift towards click-and-collect.” As businesses look for reliable and cost-effective ways to deliver their products, it makes sense that Canada Post, which delivers two-thirds of the country’s business-to-consumer parcels, is focused on relieving some pain points. Toronto’s Ove Design helped create concept stores that provide a place for smaller retailers that don’t have logistics systems to drop parcels at any time. The shops have 24/7 access, self-service kiosks, stamp vending machines, drive-thru parcel pick-up, pop-up retail units and fitting rooms to try on purchased goods and send back items that don’t fit right away. “When we talk about the role frictionless retail plays in people’s lives, what Canada Post has done is realized their role is going to be a hub for enabling the e-commerce experience in general,” says TracyLocke Canada VP and managing director Jason Dubroy. The retail units in the Canada Post concept stores also give online retailers an opportunity to connect with consumers. Toronto-based online dress rental service Rent Frock Repeat, Bedface bed sheets and Ice ‘N’ Fire candles have all used the pop-up space. Tags: ConAgra, hbc, jason dubroy, Piaggio, TracyLocke Canada, Vanessa Sankar Related Articles Where to find growth and opportunity in ecommerce The future of shopping: The changing consumer Behind Aldo’s ecommerce updates Canadian Tire pops up in crowded decor space Seattle’s Filson makes its Canadian debut Popular Recent Featured CIBC drops everything to fly Scotiabank’s democratic approach to the arts The Keg wants to mark an occasion with millennials Honey Nut Cheerios wins 2017 SIA Grand Prix CAMH names Zulu Alpha Kilo agency of record Careers » Screening Room » Reitmans taps into style habits Scotiabank’s democratic approach to the arts Ontario Tourism localizes its riddle Aeroplan targets members’ FOMO Twitter Tweets about "from:StrategyOnline OR @StrategyOnline OR strategyonline.ca" Follow @StrategyOnline Facebook ﻿ About Strategy strategy™ uncovers and shares the "bold vision, brand new ideas" of Canada’s national marketing community. Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Company About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Careers Events Screening Room Subscribe Features AToMIC Sections Branding Media Retail Youth Research Innovation Industry Moves Shopper Marketing Copyright © 1987-2017 Brunico Communications Ltd. All Rights Reserved. We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Strategy journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist strategyonline.ca in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Amazon fires back at Wal-Mart by slashing free-shipping threshold to $25 Amazon non-Prime members can now receive free shipping on orders priced $25 or more, online price tracker BestBlackFriday has discovered. The free-shipping threshold was previously at $35. This news comes after Wal-Mart lowered its free-shipping requirement to $35 earlier this year. Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Amazon fires back at Wal-Mart by slashing free-shipping threshold    13 Hours Ago | 00:36 Adding to the e-commerce battle among retailers to woo customers over with special deals, Amazon is now making it even easier for shoppers to qualify for free shipping — and $10 cheaper. In February, Amazon reduced its minimum order amount required to qualify for free shipping — for non-Prime members — to $35 from $49, price tracker BestBlackFriday first reported. Amazon's website now reads that online orders of $25 or more, featuring eligible items, will qualify for free shipping. show chapters Amazon unveils new Echo Show    16 Hours Ago | 01:25 This news comes after big-box retailer Wal-Mart, in January, rolled out free two-day shipping for orders over $35. The shift was one of the first major changes Marc Lore made at Wal-Mart since the retailer purchased his e-commerce start-up, Jet.com, last year. Amazon wasn't immediately available to comment. The company hasn't formally announced these latest price changes, as Amazon has traditionally kept quiet when adjusting free-shipping minimums. The drop to $25 marks the second time in three months that Amazon has lowered its minimum requirement. Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Everyday Money Search Search food and drinkBumble Bee Has Been Overcharging You for Tuna... for Years Health CarePharmacy Giant Express Scripts Is Rolling Out a Cheaper Drug Program dealsWhich Amazon Echo Is Best? Here's How They Stack Up—and How to Get Big Discounts Food & DrinkInvent the Next Oreo Flavor and You'll Win $500,000 online shopping Amazon Just Made It Easier to Get Free Shipping Brad Tuttle May 09, 2017 Free shipping is now easier to come by for Amazon shoppers: The e-retail giant quietly dropped the minimum purchase requirement for free standard shipping to $25 for most orders. Customers do not need to subscribe to the $99-per-year Amazon Prime service to qualify for free shipping on eligible orders of $25 or more. Just be aware that whereas Prime members get free shipping with two-day delivery, non-Prime customers should expect free delivery for orders of at least $25 to arrive five to eight business days after purchase. Over the years, Amazon has fiddled with the minimum-purchase threshold required for free standard shipping, which was also known as "Super Saver Shipping" in the past. It was set at $25 for years, before being raised to $35 in the fall of 2013, and was hiked again from $35 to $49 in early 2016. A year later, the minimum was cut back to $35, and now that it's been slashed again to $25, we've come full circle. The minimum-purchase requirement fluctuations are a fine example of what happens regularly in the online shopping sphere—in which bots and algorithms are constantly tweaking prices to maximize profits for sellers. A fascinating feature story in the May 2017 issue of The Atlantic delves deeply into this world, and what it shows is that we're being masterfully manipulated by marketing and pricing strategies. The headline says it all: "How Online Shopping Makes Suckers of All of Us." Amazon's strategies for how and when to offer free shipping are especially complicated because of Amazon Prime. Prime has proved to be an incredibly powerful force in retail: When shoppers sign up for Prime membership, their spending at Amazon tends to shoot through the roof. Prime members quickly grow accustomed to the service's two-day free shipping, and they tend to stop shopping around and make Amazon their default spot to buy stuff—all of which works brilliantly in Amazon's favor. Understandably, then, Amazon has been relentless in its quest to increase Prime subscriptions. On Amazon's page devoted to explaining its free shipping policies for non-Prime members, the company pitches Prime prominently: You can get unlimited FREE Two-Day Shipping on eligible items with Amazon Prime. No minimum spend is required to qualify. The existence of Prime gives Amazon a big reason to keep the minimum-purchase threshold for free shipping fairly high. After all, if it's too easy to get free shipping without paying for Prime membership, Amazon has a harder time convincing shoppers that Prime is worth the money. In the past, Amazon seems to have raised the purchase threshold with the idea that doing so boosts Prime membership. But it also seems like Amazon may have pushed the concept too far, and retail competitors have seen an opening to try to steal back some shoppers. Earlier this year, Walmart began offering free shipping for orders of $35 or more, down from the previous minimum of $50. What's more, Walmart's policy gives shoppers fast (not standard slow) shipping on such orders, with delivery in just two days. And, unlike with Amazon Prime, Walmart isn't asking shoppers to pay any membership fee to get this service—all shoppers qualify. Meanwhile, for a long time now Target has given its REDCard debit or credit card customers free (standard) shipping on all orders, in addition to 5% off all purchases. Just this week, Target announced new benefits for REDCard holders, adding cheap next-day delivery starting this summer too. What all of these policies hope to do is get shoppers into the habit of making the majority of their purchases with one retailer. But smart shoppers won't play along. They keep shopping around, and that makes retailers like Amazon, Walmart, Target, and all of the rest compete harder for your business. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. MONEY may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Everyday Money Retirement Family Finance Careers Real Estate Travel Money 101 Best Places To Live Best Colleges Best in Travel Best Banks Best Cell Phone Plans Best Credit Cards MONEY 50: The Best Mutual Funds Mastering the Journey Smart Choices Looking Forward Road To Wealth Ultimate Retirement Guide TIME LIFE Motto The Daily Cut Newsletters Feedback RSS Advertising Reprints and Permissions Help Follow MONEY Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Amazon lowers free shipping minimum in price war with Wal-Mart Print Email Spencer Kent | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Spencer Kent | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 09, 2017 at 9:28 AM, updated May 09, 2017 at 9:30 AM comments Amazon has once again lowered its minimum order total for free shipping to $25 -- the second time the company has dropped the threshold this year in what appears to be a price battle with its rival, Wal-Mart. The free shipping option is available for customers who select the five to eight day delivery. Customers with an Amazon Prime membership get free two-day shipping with no minimum purchase amount. Amazon had already lowered its free shipping minimum a few months ago from $49 to $35. The company's latest drop not only returns the price to where it had been for more than a decade -- up until 2013 -- but it is now $10 cheaper than Wal-Mart. However, earlier this year, Wal-Mart began offering free two-day shipping on eligible orders of $35 or more without the need for a subscription. Last year, Amazon also implemented same-day service to Prime members in New Jersey and other metro areas throughout the country. Spencer Kent may be reached at skent@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpencerMKent. Find the Find NJ.com on Facebook.   Most Read Find Local Real Estate Jobs Autos Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Have something to share? How to securely send a tip » N.J. News In Your Inbox From local news to politics to entertainment and sports, the twice daily Right Now eNewsletter has all of the New Jersey news you need! Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Field Hockey Boys Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Cool Spaces Vintage Photos Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments Man accused of exposing himself Sunday afternoon on Walmart parking lot Screen Shot 2017-05-09 at 9.24.29 AM.png Suspect's vehicle in indecent exposure incident May 7, 2017 at Walmart in North Londonderry Twp. (submitted) Print Email Barbara Miller | bmiller@pennlive.com By Barbara Miller | bmiller@pennlive.com The Patriot-News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 09, 2017 at 9:08 AM, updated May 09, 2017 at 9:29 AM comments A man exposed himself to a woman last Sunday afternoon in the parking lot of Walmart in North Londonderry Township, and police say there could be at least seven other victims. After a woman reported a man in a newer model black sedan exposed himself to her while sitting in his car around 12:50 p.m. Sunday, police reviewed the store's video surveillance footage and saw he had made contact with a total of eight women while driving around the parking lot. The suspect is described as being in his 30s, with a dark complexion and short hair. North Londonderry Township police ask anyone who was approached by the man to call them at 717-838-5276 or email tips@nlondtwp.com. Man without pants in minivan accused of indecent exposure Most Read PENNLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Active Discussions Get 'Today's Front Page' in your inbox This newsletter is sent every morning at 6 a.m. and includes the morning's top stories, a full list of obituaries, links to comics and puzzles and the most recent news, sports and entertainment headlines. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up for 'Today's Front Page' To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us PA Media Group PennLive The Patriot-News Advertise with Us Career Opportunities Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Community Rules Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 1 Chart That Shows How Badly Dividend Aristocrats Have Kicked the S&P 500's Butt Since 1991 The difference is night and day. Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) May 9, 2017 at 8:06AM Dividend stocks, more often than not, form the foundation of every great portfolio, especially retirement portfolios. And it makes perfect sense why: Dividend stocks offer three key advantages that attract long-term investors. Here's why dividend stocks are so critical to your success To begin with, dividend stocks act as a beacon of profitability. Dividend-paying companies typically have time-tested and profitable business models, and the management at these companies probably wouldn't continue to pay a stipend quarterly or annually if it didn't foresee ongoing profits and growth. In other words, dividend-paying stocks are making investors' weeding-out process of finding their next investment that much easier. Image source: Getty Images. Second, dividend payments can help mitigate the pain felt during inevitable stock market corrections. According to data from Yardeni Research on the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC), there have been 35 stock market corrections totaling 10% or more (when rounded to the nearest whole number) since 1950, or approximately one every two years. While dividend payments aren't going to make up for the short-term paper losses you could incur during a stock market correction, the added income can certainly take the edge off and calm one's nerves. Last, but not least, you'll have the opportunity to reinvest your dividends via a dividend reinvestment plan, just as the pros do. Reinvesting your dividends into more shares of common stock eventually boosts your payout and increases your share ownership in a repeating cycle. It's one of the smartest ways you can compound your wealth, which is why money managers love it so much. Dividend aristocrats are kicking the S&P 500s butt over the long term But, not all dividend stocks are created equally. Among the well over 1,000 dividend-paying companies lies a class of truly elite dividend payers known as dividend aristocrats. These are companies that have increased their payout in each of the past 25 years, if not longer. There are a few dozen stocks that qualify as dividend aristocrats, and they're often considered the cream of the crop for income investors. As you might expect, some of these dividend aristocrats include brand-name companies such as AT&T, PepsiCo., and Wal-Mart. But there are a host of lesser-known dividend giants, including water utility American Water Works, insurer Chubb, and apparel retailer VF Corporation, which have been putting shareholders first for decades. The name "dividend aristocrat" might make this group of stocks sound somewhat stodgy, but they're nothing of the sort. Since 1991, dividend aristocrats have collectively kicked the S&P 500's butt in terms of total return. The following illustration, with data from Ploutos, illustrates the difference. Data source: Ploutos via Suredividend.com. Chart and calculations by author. No need to adjust your eyes: If you invested $10,000 in the S&P 500 at the beginning of 1991, you'd have close to $117,000 by the end of 2016. Considering that the S&P 500 underwent a 50% correction during the dot-com bubble and an even steeper 57% correction during the Great Recession, that's a very healthy 25-year return. However, if you'd invested $10,000 in dividend aristocrats during the same period, you'd have walked away at the end of 2016 with more than $191,000! That's a far superior return to the S&P 500 index, and an even greater reason you should consider adding dividend aristocrats to your portfolio. Buy one, or buy them all The thing about Dividend Aristocrats, if you don't know where to begin your search, is that they practically all possess comparative advantages in their respective industries. This doesn't mean you can throw a dart and pick a winner. But over the long term we would expect more of these companies than not to substantially increase in value. Image source: Getty Images. A personal favorite is healthcare conglomerate Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), which last week announced that it was increasing its dividend by 5% to $0.84 per quarter. This was the 55th consecutive annual dividend hike for Johnson & Johnson. Beyond its healthy quarterly stipend, J&J has a geographically diverse business model, with over 250 subsidiaries, and around three-quarters of its businesses could be considered inelastic. In other words, because people can't control what ailments they contract, J&J's pharma and medical-device operations are always in demand. That means J&J is probably better suited to handle stock market corrections than even most dividend aristocrats. Or if you'd rather not buy just one or a couple of dividend aristocrats, you can "collect the whole set," if you will, by buying the ProShares S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats ETF (NYSEMKT:NOBL). As of March 31, this ETF held 51 S&P 500 dividend aristocrats with at least a 25-year streak of increasing their annual payouts. Buying an ETF does mean paying certain expenses to cover management fees, which according to the prospectus works out to 0.35% annually. However, that could be a small price to pay for exceptional diversity and outperformance over the long run. Sean Williams has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Johnson & Johnson and PepsiCo. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Sean Williams (TMFUltraLong) A Fool since 2010, and a graduate from UC San Diego with a B.A. in Economics, Sean specializes in the healthcare sector and investment planning. You'll often find him writing about Obamacare, marijuana, drug and device development, Social Security, taxes, retirement issues and general macroeconomic topics of interest. Follow @TMFUltraLong Article Info May 9, 2017 at 8:06AM Investment Planning Stocks S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,396.92 down $-2.46 (-0.10%) Johnson & Johnson NYSE:JNJ $123.21 down $0.04 (-0.03%) ProShares S&P 500 Aristocrats ETF NYSEMKT:NOBL $57.01 down $0.05 (-0.09%) Read More 2 ETFs to Help You Build Retirement Wealth 3 Perfect Stocks for Retirees in Their 60s to Consider Buying The 3 Best Drip Stocks 3 Reasons You Shouldn't Care What the Stock Market Does in 2017 This Analyst's Call for Dow 40,000 Is Silly, but Not for the Reason You Probably Think Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 1 Chart That Shows How Badly Dividend Aristocrats Have Kicked the S&P 500's Butt Since 1991 @themotleyfool #stocks $^GSPC, $JNJ, $NOBL
Target testing next-day delivery - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Target testing next-day delivery Posted: Tuesday, May 9, 2017 8:05 AM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 9, 2017 12:06 PM EDT An exterior photograph of a Target store in Sioux Falls, South Dakota. Amazon is suing an executive who recently left the company to go to work for Target, charging that his move violates his contract's non-compete clause. An exterior photograph of a Target store in Martinsburg, Virginia. By Aaron Smith NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Target is launching a pilot program for next-day delivery, trying to catch up with king-of-online-retail Amazon. This summer, Target said it will let some of its customers order common household products like laundry detergent, paper towels, granola bars and coffee and have them delivered the following day to their doorsteps. Now for the fine print: You have to be a REDcard member living in the Minneapolis area. You have to place your order by 1:30 p.m. to receive your package the next day. And the pilot program doesn't start until the summer. Target said it would charge a "low, flat fee" for shipping, but it didn't immediately respond to a CNNMoney inquiry about what that fee will actually be. The new program, Target Restock, is yet another attempt from a brick-and-mortar retailer to keep customers away from Amazon. It's akin to a similar program from its biggest competitor, Walmart, which now offers free two-day shipping on some items. Walmart has found some recent success, ramping up its e-commerce revenue dramatically in the last year. It even outpaced the growth of Amazon. Target hasn't had such luck. It suffered a bad holiday sales season and, earlier this year, issued a lame outlook for 2017. But its investment in e-commerce was already paying off, with double-digit gains in digital sales. Meanwhile, Amazon just lowered its free shipping minimum once again, turning up the heat on its competitors. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Subscribe | Marketing Packages | Forums | Cookie Law | Our sites ThePigSite ThePoultrySite TheFishSite TheCattleSite TheDairySite TheBeefSite TheMeatSite TheCropSite TheSheepSite ThePetSite.co.uk ElSitioAvicola ElSitioPorcino ThePigSite.cn ThePoultrySite.cn TheFishSite.cn AgriTimes.ru 5M Farm Supplies 5M Books Follow @thepoultrysite News & Analysis Features Markets & Reports Knowledge Centre Business Directory Events Our Shop Forums Poultry News Research Centre Helps Consumers 'Fight Bac' Through National Campaign09 May 2017 US - Kansas State University research is reaching kitchens and grocery stores across the country, thanks to a national campaign that promotes food safety and safe poultry handling. The Partnership for Food Safety Education is using research from Kansas State University's Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior for its nationwide campaign, Don't Wing It: Practice Safe Poultry Handling. The campaign is being featured by Wal-Mart, Publix and other supermarkets across the country. University researchers conducted years of food safety studies and developed safety tips that are the basis of the campaign. These food safety tips and information will appear in grocery store signs, circular ads, poultry bags, cooler shelf tags, propane tanks and other locations throughout stores. "Research on food safety conducted in the Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior is key to our overall goal of ensuring that consumers get the best products and information to help them live healthy, happy, productive lives," said Edgar Chambers IV, co-director of the center and university distinguished professor of food, nutrition, dietetics and health. "The fact that a national group like the Partnership for Food Safety Education chose to use the research that we conducted as the basis of their new national campaign shows the importance of what we do." Researchers involved at Kansas State University include Dolores Chambers, co-director of the Center for Sensory Analysis and Consumer Behavior and professor of food, nutrition, dietetics and health; Kadri Koppel, assistant professor of food, nutrition, dietetics and health; Curtis Maughan, 2015 doctoral graduate in human nutrition; and Amy Donelan, 2016 master's graduate in human nutrition. The US Department of Agriculture's National Institute of Food and Agriculture funded the research, which also included collaborating institutions Tennessee State University and RTI International. "This is sensory science in action," Dr Chambers said. "We conducted surveys, watched consumers in grocery stores as they shopped and watched as they stored food in homes. We also observed their cooking and cooking behavior and conducted many other food safety-focused studies." Dr Chambers noted that simple steps could help consumers keep poultry and meat safer. Some of the safety tips based on Kansas State University research include: Disinfecting shopping cart handles. University studies showed that 85 per cent of people touch shopping cart handles after handling raw poultry and 49 per cent of people had poultry juice on their hands when they touched the handles. Using meat bags in grocery stores and keeping meat in bags until getting home. Washing hands before and after food preparation. A university study demonstrated that 90 per cent of consumers cross-contaminated food during meal preparation. Checking doneness of meat and poultry with a meat thermometer. A university study of consumers nationwide demonstrated that only 57 per cent of consumers use a thermometer for whole chickens and 12-26 per cent use it for smaller pieces. Similarly, university studies show that LED kitchen lighting caused 50 per cent of consumers to view poultry as done when it was not. The university team will continue adding important research to the campaign in the next year, Dr Chambers said. The center has a second location at the university's Olathe campus, where researchers are conducting studies on grilling and food safety. The Partnership for Food Safety Education is a nonprofit organization that delivers science-based messaging to consumers to reduce risk of foodborne illness. ThePoultrySite News Desk Production Management, Biosecurity and Hygiene, Processing, Poultry Meat Quality, Food Safety, General Related News Easter Egg Sales Outstrip Chocolate Eggs   09 May 2017 FAO Food Price Index Dips Again in April   09 May 2017 Delmon Poultry Unveils New Corporate Identity   09 May 2017 Govts to Blame for Poultry Losses, Says Chairman of Africa Improved Foods   09 May 2017 Church & Dwight Acquires Agro BioSciences   08 May 2017 Our Sponsors Partners Seasonal Picks News Poultry News Company News Headline News News by Category Analysis Latest Analysis Features Latest Features Reports CME Futures Market USDA Cash Grain Alan Brugler CME Archive Knowledge Diseases Of Poultry Histopathology Cytology Intestinal Health COCCI Forum Archive Poultry Disease Guide Egg Quality Guide Treatment Options Avian Flu/Bird Flu Breeds of Poultry Mycotoxins Videos Newsletter Links Marketing Marketing Packages Business Directory Submit Business Events Latest Events Submit Event About About 5m Publishing Our Editors © 2000 - 2014. The PoultrySite - Poultry News, Health, Welfare, Diseases, Markets and Economics 5m Publishing, Benchmark House, 8 Smithy Wood Drive, Sheffield, S35 1QN, England. 5m Enterprises Inc., Suite 4120, CBoT, 141 West Jackson Boulevard, Chicago, IL, 60604-2900, USA.- A Benchmark Holdings plc. Company No part of this site may be reproduced without permission. Co. Registration 3332321 VAT No. 100 1348 86 Terms and Conditions | Privacy | Disclaimer
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Status and 2017 Industry Revenue Poised to Grow with Healthy CAGR by 2022 “Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Size, Status and Forecast 2022” provides, wherever applicable and relevant, technical data of products, and sheds useful light on expected commercial production dates and current R&D status. This report will help the viewer in Better Decision Making. This report studies the global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) market, analyzes and researches the Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like : Exxon Mobil, Wal-Mart Stores, General Motors, Ford Motor, DaimlerChrysler, Royal Dutch/Shell Group, BP, General Electric, Mitsubishi and Toyota Motor. Browse the full report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-capital-expenditure-capex-market-size-status-and-forecast-2022 . Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers : United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Market segment by Type, Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) can be split into : Equipment Expenditure Property Expenditure Industrial Buildings Expenditure PURCHASE a copy of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/262454 . And if you want to REQUEST a sample of this report @ http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/262454 . Market segment by Application, Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) can be split into : Large Enterprise Small And Medium Enterprises Other If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Some Points from TOC: Chapter One: Industry Overview of Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) 1.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Overview 1.1.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by Type 1.3.1 Equipment Expenditure 1.3.2 Property Expenditure 1.3.3 Industrial Buildings Expenditure 1.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Large Enterprise 1.4.2 Small And Medium Enterprises 1.4.3 Other Chapter Two: Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future Chapter Three: Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Exxon Mobil 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Wal-Mart Stores 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments ..Continued. For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews Tagscapital expenditure (capex) market, global capital expenditure (capex) industry 2017, global capital expenditure (capex) industry 2022, global capital expenditure (capex) market, Orbisresearch, technology market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LC-MS Global Market Size, Share, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Analysis of Top Key Player and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Motorcycle Suspension Systems Market 2017- BMW Motorrad, Gabriel India, KYB, Showa, BITUBO, Continental, Marzocchi Moto, Ohlins Racing Search Recent Posts Radio interview with Eddie McGuire and Luke Darcy, Triple M Melbourne North America Food Service Equipment Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 North America Food Service Equipment Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Identity & Access Management Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 North America Float Level Switch Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Tuesday | May 09, 2017 About Us | Contact | Subscribe Kailua-Kona, Hawaii West Hawaii Today Kailua-Kona, Hawaii Home Local News Volcano Update Local Sports Submit Letter To The Editor Submit Press Release Submit A&E content News Local News Local Features State Wire Nation & World Wire Features Obituaries Volcano Update Sports Local Sports Nation & World Big Fish List Opinion Letters West Hawaii Today Editorial Columns Submit a letter to the Editor Obituaries Obituaries Features At Home Magazine Real Estate Magazine Best of West Hawaii Awards North Hawaii News News Northern Notes School News Tutu's House Columns Contact Us Contact About Us Advertise Employment FAQ Newspapers in Education Privacy Statements Submit story Classifieds Announcements Real Estate Merchandise Services Legal Center Place an Ad FAQ Autos Jobs Employer Directory Job Search Job Seeker Login Post a Resume Post a Job Homes Broker/Agent Directory Place An Ad Real Estate search Calendar e-Edition Subscribe Obituaries Home News Sports Opinion Obituaries Features North Hawaii News Contact Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Calendar e-Edition Obituaries 79 ° F Partly cloudy Kailua Kona HI Alleged auto thieves in court Published May 9, 2017 - 12:05am Updated:  May 9, 2017 - 12:05am By JOHN BURNETT Hawaii Tribune-Herald Two men made their initial court appearances Monday for unrelated vehicle theft-related charges. Hilo District Judge Michael Udovic ordered 25-year-old Jeremy Kalehua Rafael Jr. of Hilo to appear at 2 p.m. Wednesday for a preliminary hearing and maintained his bail at $35,100. Rafael is charged with first-degree theft and unauthorized control of a stolen vehicle for the theft of a 2016 Ford F-350 toolbox pickup truck reportedly stolen in the early morning hours of April 22 from the county’s Mass Transit baseyard on East Lanikaula Street in Hilo. He’s also charged with another count of unauthorized control of a stolen vehicle for allegedly driving a 1995 Honda Accord stolen April 25 from the Kona Wal-Mart parking lot. The county truck, valued at more than $70,000, was involved in a spree taking place during a three-day time frame, including at least two hit-and-run collisions and a pair of police pursuits during Merrie Monarch weekend in Hilo. On April 24, witnesses said a man shot out of the truck in Hawaiian Paradise Park. The truck was found set aflame a couple of hours later in a remote corner of Fern Forest subdivision. A 19-year-old Keaau man, Eric Wilson Jr., was arrested shortly afterward on Enos Road in Mountain View near a Toyota 4Runner SUV that was stolen April 18 in Hilo, police said. He and a suspected accomplice ran into some bushes, but a police tracking dog flushed Wilson out and officers apprehended him and charged him with reckless endangering, first-degree terroristic threatening and three firearms offenses. The accomplice eluded capture at the time. Police say they are seeking three others in the case: Keanu Krause, a 21-year-old Mountain View man; Tiani Kapeli-Spencer, a 21-year-old Hawaiian Paradise Park woman; and And Jasmine Saragosa-Taoy, a 23-year-old Hawaiian Paradise Park woman. In the other, unrelated case, Udovic ordered 24-year-old Harvey Chevis Damo Jr. of Hilo to appear at 2 p.m. today for a preliminary hearing and maintained his bail at $66,100. Damo, whom Deputy Prosecutor Glenn Shiigi said is on probation on a felony drug conviction, is charged with first-degree theft, three counts of unauthorized control of a stolen vehicle, plus reckless driving, promoting a dangerous drug and drug paraphernalia. According to court documents filed by police, a 20-year-old man told police he met Damo and an unidentified woman late on the night of May 1 at Verna’s Drive Inn in Hilo and drove them to an area near Akaka Falls. The victim alleged the woman took his clothes off, performed a sex act on him, then threw his pants and the car key fob into the back seat. He reportedly told officers Damo then got into the driver’s seat and took off with the alleged victim’s car. The alleged victim told officers he spotted his car, a red 2016 Honda Civic, at the Kilauea Avenue Shell station, documents state. The man said as he approached the car, Damo sped out of the gas station and almost hit the alleged victim. On May 4, an off-duty officer saw the Honda at a house on the 1800 block of Kaumana Drive, police said. Documents state Damo was was sleeping in the car with a needle visible in the vehicle containing a substance that tested positive for methamphetamine. The most severe charge both men face, first-degree theft, is a Class B felony punishable by up to 10 years imprisonment upon conviction. Email John Burnett at jburnett@hawaiitribune-herald.com. Rules for posting comments Comments posted below are from readers. In no way do they represent the view of Stephens Media LLC or this newspaper. This is a public forum. Comments may be monitored for inappropriate content but the newspaper is under no obligation to do so.  Comment posters are solely responsible under the Communications Decency Act for comments posted on this Web site. Stephens Media LLC is not liable for messages from third parties. IP and email addresses of persons who post are not treated as confidential records and will be disclosed in response to valid legal process.  Do not post: Potentially libelous statements or damaging innuendo. Obscene, explicit, or racist language. Copyrighted materials of any sort without the express permission of the copyright holder. Personal attacks, insults or threats. The use of another person's real name to disguise your identity. Comments unrelated to the story. If you believe that a commenter has not followed these guidelines, please click the FLAG icon below the comment. View the discussion thread. Search Site Trending Top Commented Most Shared 2017-05-09 20:07 Keauhou road closed 1 hour due to accident 2017-05-09 18:45 Rubbish truck driver suffers minor injuries after brakes fail 2017-05-09 17:48 Former UN chief concerned by Trump’s go-it-alone policies 2017-05-09 17:36 Kona man wanted by police 2017-05-09 17:30 Trial begins for company accused of mishandling fireworks 2017-05-09 17:28 Tropical Storm Adrian forms off El Salvador Subscription Services Home delivery e-Edition Single Copy Purchase Vacation Hold Feedback Subscribe   Connect Opinion Services Solutions Follow Us • About us • Our View • Subscribe • Advertise with us • Facebook • Contacts • Your view • Manage subscription • Place a classified ad • Twitter • Feedback • Local columns • Legal Center • Google Plus • FAQs • Submit a letter • RSS • Submit story Copyright ©2015 Oahu Publications, Inc. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / New Market Force Information Study Finds Publix and Wegmans Are America’s Favorite Grocery Stores New Market Force Information Study Finds Publix and Wegmans Are America’s Favorite Grocery Stores Posted on May 9, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Non-traditional grocery shopping methods on the rise LOUISVILLE, Colo. (PRWEB) May 09, 2017 Publix and Wegmans are America’s favorite grocery retailers, tying for first place in a consumer study of more than 12,700 shoppers conducted by Market Force Information® (Market Force). Trader Joe’s is a very close second and H-E-B ranks third. This is the second consecutive year that Wegmans has held the top spot in the annual study, after unseating long-running favorite Trader Joe’s in 2016. Publix, which ranked second for the past four years, earned a first-place tie with Wegmans, with each scoring 77% on Market Force’s Customer Loyalty Index. Trader Joe’s narrowly missed the lead spot with 76%, and H-E-B made the top three for the first time with 69% – a 10% increase from 2016. ALDI and Harris Teeter rounded out the top five with 68% and 66%, respectively. Publix Super Markets is the largest employee-owned grocery chain in the country and has been named to Fortune’s 100 Best Companies to Work For every year since the list’s inception. The chain’s engaged and friendly associates help deliver on its “Where shopping is a pleasure” motto. Wegmans, founded in 1916, is known for its fresh produce, reasonable prices and massive stores. The New York-based chain is expanding steadily and, with a focus on employee training to ensure customers have a great experience, creating superfans eager for a new location to open near their home. Publix Stores Are Cleanest, Trader Joe’s Cashiers Are Most Courteous What sets one grocer apart from the others in shoppers’ minds? For one, being able to find the items they want, a category where Publix was a clear leader. Publix was also found to have the cleanest stores and fastest checkout speeds. Wegmans ranked highest for its specialty department service, and a close second for item availability. Trader Joe’s was found to have the most courteous cashiers. ALDI once again led for value, followed by WinCo Foods and Costco. Harris Teeter, Hy-Vee, ALDI and H-E-B all fared well in the rankings, while Walmart landed at the bottom in all categories but one. Produce Most Popular Organic Product Consumer preference for local and organic choices at the grocery store are holding steady, with 58% of shoppers indicating that locally sourced meat, produce and dairy products are important. Half said they prefer organic when given a choice, and 93% had purchased organic produce in the past 30 days, making it the most popular organic item, followed by meat, dairy and packaged dry goods. Baby products and paper products were the least bought organic offerings. Meal Kit Services See High Churn Meal kit delivery services – where all the needed ingredients and a recipe are shipped direct to the home – are picking up in popularity. With more than 150 companies vying for a slice of the industry, Market Force wanted to understand the appeal of these services and which brands are leading the way and customer satisfaction levels. Market Force found that 11% of consumers studied had tried a meal kit delivery service at least once, however, nearly half (47%) were less than satisfied with the experience. When asked why they opted for a meal delivery service, 51% indicated they were looking to add variety to their meal planning. Others top reasons were to have a fun experience, try new ingredients, save time and reduce decision-making. Blue Apron is the most popular meal kit service, with 39% indicating they’ve tried it, HelloFresh was second with 30% and Home Chef was third with 10%. However, 76% who tried a meal delivery service have stopped using it, primarily because of poor value, but also portion size and prep time. Home Chef has the highest satisfaction rating and the lowest customer churn. Convenience is Driving Tech Trends Increasingly, shoppers are filling up their shopping carts online rather than in the store. Market Force found services such as click-and-collect (buy online and pick up at store) and online ordering with home delivery are being embraced across all age groups, particularly millennials. The use of click-and-collect has more than doubled since 2016, with 9% saying they’ve tried it, compared to 4% in 2016. Of those, 78% were satisfied or very satisfied with the experience. Most click-and-collect shoppers use the service at Walmart, followed by Kroger, Sam’s Club and Harris Teeter. Twenty-six percent are frequent users, taking advantage of click-and-collect at least monthly. Home delivery services are also growing in popularity – 18% said they’ve used grocery home delivery, compared to 15% in 2016. Most are using the service through general online retailers such as Amazon and Jet. However, one-fifth were less than satisfied with the experience, leaving ample room for improvement. Circular Use is Way Up Despite the rise of grocery tech, people still love their printed circulars and are using them more than ever. In fact, 82% use them at least weekly, a significant jump from 2016 when just 48% reported weekly use. What’s more, nearly one-quarter shop at a specific grocer because of their circular promotions. Methodology For the rankings, Market Force asked participants to rate their satisfaction with their most recent grocery shopping experience and their likelihood to refer that grocer to others. The results were averaged to rank each brand based on a Composite Loyalty Index score. Survey Demographics The survey was conducted online in March 2017. The pool of 12,774 respondents represented a cross-section of the four U.S. census regions, and reflected a broad spectrum of income levels, with 51% reporting household incomes of more than $50,000 a year. Respondents’ ages ranged from 18 to over 65. Approximately 75% were women and 24% were men. For more information on Market Force’s services for the grocery industry, visit http://www.marketforce.com/industries/grocery-drug. About Market Force Information Market Force Information® provides location-level measurement solutions that help businesses protect their brand reputation, delight customers and make more money. Solutions include customer experience surveys, mystery shopping and contact center data integrated on one technology and analytics platform. Founded in 2005, Market Force has a growing global presence, with offices in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, France and Spain. It serves over 350 clients that operate multi-location businesses, including major retailers, restaurants, grocery and convenience stores, financial institutions and entertainment. More information can be found at http://www.marketforce.com. ### For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/MarketForceStudyNames/AmericasFavoriteGrocery/prweb14315428.htm Latest News New Market Force Information Study Finds Publix and Wegmans Are America’s Favorite Grocery Stores Top Athletes Know to Play Their Best, They Need to Eat Well off the Court Right Living Now Launches Accurate, Simple & Portable Multifunction Digital Kitchen Food Scale Schoeller signs HYDRO_BOT production agreement Online Marketing Strategist, Bassem Ghali, Hosts ‘Ask The Expert’ Seminars at the TREB 2017 Realtor Quest Conference Incredible Utah Mansion Going To Auction With DeCaro Auctions International In May Cybersecurity Webcast – Experts to Share Cyber Defense Techniques NAPCO Set to Attend the Sage Summit This Week – Jackie Stuckert and Michael Ramirez Will Travel to Atlanta, Georgia for This World-Class Event Local Respiratory Therapist Lobbies Congress for Better Health Care Angellotti Joins MMS (Medical Marketing Service, Inc.) as Director of Strategic Development – Recruiting © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Leadership Search Search WMPWThe World’s Most Powerful Women: May 10 MusicThe Grammy Awards Will Move to New York After a Decade in Los Angeles PoliticsTrump Will Meet Russia’s Foreign Minister at the White House ChinaChinese Premier Sends Foxconn a Reminder After Its CEO Visits the White House Warren Buffett, chairman and chief executive officer of Berkshire Hathaway Inc., on May 7, 2017. Daniel Acker—Bloomberg/Getty Images Fortune 500 Warren Buffett Says India Has ‘Incredible’ Potential But Too Much Red Tape Ryan Kilpatrick May 09, 2017 Warren Buffett has praised the "incredible" potential in India but he's still not ready to invest there due to excessive red tape. The Berkshire Hathaway (brk.a) CEO told Indian news network ET Now in an interview that even the country's "enormous market" of 1.3 billion people is made unattractive by burdensome overregulation, CNN Money reports. Major companies in Buffett's portfolio such as Walmart (wmt) and Apple (aapl) have failed to opens stores in India due to the amount of regulatory hurdles in their way, he said. Complaining that foreign firms are barred from fully owning companies in India, Buffett said, "We would like to own 100% of any business that we run." For more about Warren Buffet, watch Fortune's video: Masayoshi Son, founder and chairman of Japan's SoftBank (sftby) has also called India the "land of golden opportunity." After striking gold with its early support of Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba (baba), Softbank is now betting billions on Indian e-commerce firms in a bid to "create one or two Alibabas" in India as well. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
null

Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Will Trump’s Firing of FBI Director James Comey Be His Saturday Night Massacre? (Updated) - 05/09/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/9/2017 - 05/09/2017 - Lambert Strether Immiseration Revisited: The Four Phases of Working Time - 05/09/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/9/17 - 05/09/2017 - Lambert Strether Chicago Shows How Charter School Profiteering Bleeds Public Schools Without No Performance Improvement and Higher Segregation - 05/09/2017 - Yves Smith Globalization and the End of the Labor Aristocracy, Part 4 - 05/09/2017 - Yves Smith Hoisted from E-Mail: Puzzling Out the UK’s Shambolic Approach to Brexit - 05/09/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/8/2017 - 05/08/2017 - Lambert Strether Dakota Access Pipeline Divestiture and Climate Change Politics - 05/08/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/8/2017 Posted on May 8, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “Economists have already started modeling the potential impact of a TPP deal without the U.S., and the results show modest gains for the 11 other countries. But the potential benefits laid out in an upcoming study could be enough to deepen resolve to get a deal done. Morning Trade got its hands on some of the top-line results of a study coming out next month that was commissioned by the CanadaWest Foundation, a free-trade oriented think tank in Calgary, … by Dan Ciuriak, a former deputy chief economist for Canada’s department of foreign affairs and international trade” [Politico]. Politics Hot Takes on the French Election Shot: We need a global conversation on how to develop a &quot;compassionate capitalism&quot; that answers economic displacement w/ alternatives to fascism. &mdash; Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) May 7, 2017 A “global conversation” instead of a “national conversation.” (I’m starting to see the word “global” in liberal catchphrases in places I’m not used to seeing it.) Chaser: Victory for Macron, for France, the EU, &amp; the world. Defeat to those interfering w/democracy. (But the media says I can&#39;t talk about that) &mdash; Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 7, 2017 “But” — [reading a second time] — “the media says I can’t talk about that.” ZOMG!!! My eyes!!!!!!! 2016 Post Mortem Here is a slide from Day One of the Democrat Unity Commission (via): Notice that this contradicts DNC lawyer Spiva’s theory of the case in “Wilding et al. v. DNC Services Corporation, D/B/A Democratic National Committee and Deborah “Debbie” Wasserman Schultz.” In essence, Spiva only talks about the first bullet. He doesn’t talk about the second. More on that case– “To sum up, in the space of the hearing, the DNC claimed that: The words “evenhandedness and impartiality” are subjective and hard to define; commitment to these principles is something the DNC is simply volunteering to do; the DNC has every right to tip the scales for a candidate or simply choose them in a smoke-filled room; and that any failure to abide by its own charter is no different from a politician breaking a major campaign promise” [In These Times (altandmain)]. “These exchanges showcase the problem facing the DNC. To succeed in winning the case, or even have it dismissed, it also has to publicly make arguments that reflect incredibly poorly on it. Every effective legal defense that Spiva puts forward produces quotes that disgruntled Democratic voters will be throwing back at the party for years to come.” 2020 “There are at least 22 Democrats thinking about running for president in 2020” [CNN]. “The 43 people who might run against Trump in 2020” [The Hill]. 2018 “The Democratic opposition research group American Bridge, for instance, has spent more than $300,000 on digital and radio ads on the issue so far this year, according to the group’s vice president, Shripal Shah. American Bridge has also commissioned polls showing swing voters in key states are concerned about the controversy and want an independent probe” [Politico]. American Bridge is Brock’s vehicle. Realignment and Legitimacy “The Rock-Star Appeal of Modern Monetary Theory” [The Nation]. (I live-blogged Bill Mitchell, Stephanie Kelton, Warren Mosler, Marshall Auerbach, Randall Wray, and Pavlina Tcherneva at 2010’s Fiscal Sustainability Counter-Conference, and commented at the time: “It’s like watching the best band in the world trading riffs.” I’ve never seen anything like it, before or since.) “MMT is less prescriptive: It describes the way that money works in a way that an 8-year-old can grasp more readily than a PhD, which in itself is unnerving. ‘The contribution of MMT is not the discovery of new facts,’ Galbraith says. ‘It’s a teaching core of things which are factually uncontroversial.; But its implications can be radically humane. What’s threatening to the establishment, Galbraith adds, ‘is that the narrative is very compelling.'” And with a shout-out to Naked Capitalism! Oh, and Stephanie Kelton is “impeccably coiffed”! “Before Occupy: How AIDS Activists Seized Control of the FDA in 1988” [The Atlantic]. Important history, long forgotten (or erased). “Integrity: The Real Source Of Division In America’s Political Left” [Medium]. “Yesterday I conversed with a man who told me, in response to my criticism of the Democratic party’s idiotic Russia conspiracy theories, that it didn’t matter whether the accusations are true or not, because Trump needs to be stopped regardless.” Yes, that’s where we are. Stats Watch Labor Market Conditions Index, April 2017: “Upward revisions are the surprise for the labor market conditions index where prior readings this year have been revised 2 points and higher” [Econoday]. “This year’s run, though still moderate, is now the best in 2 years. This index tracks a wide range of employment statistics including wages which have been soft compared to labor growth.” And: “After incorporating revisions, the index has increased for the last 11 months in succession. These were also the two strongest readings since the second quarter of 2015 which indicates consistent strength in the labour market” [Economic Calendar]. Retail: “Logistics companies are betting any rebound in U.S. consumer spending comes over the web. Businesses tied to e-commerce fulfillment resumed hiring at a rapid pace in April” [Wall Street Journal]. Shipping: “The long-discussed efforts of China’s government to rebalance the nation towards a more consumer-driven import economy until very recently haven’t borne much fruit when examining container flows with some of its biggest trading partners” [Lloyd’s Loading]. “However, we are finally starting to see a shift as for the first time in our data series imports to Greater China outpaced exports in 2016; the inbound trade from our sample of trades growing by 2.3% year-on-year versus 0.5% for the outbound market, in the process lowering the export-to-import ratio. Closer inspection of the numbers shows that the transition really gathered pace in the second half of last year. As of February, Greater China’s 12-month moving average for imports has gained around five index points since August, more than twice as fast as seen into either North Asia or Southeast Asia. Greater China exports over the same period increased by around two index points.“ Shipping: “Another ore carrier belonging to under pressure Polaris Shipping from South Korea has a couple of cracks on its deck” [DC Velocity]. Not a good look. “The news will likely prove a hammer blow to Polaris’s plans to list this summer. Polaris is the world’s largest owner of very large ore carriers. However, its reputation has been hit hard following the sinking with the likely loss of 22 lives of the Stellar Daisy, another elderly converted ore carrier, on March 30 followed by cracks being found in another vintage ore carrier and machinery errors on another ship.” The Bezzle: “Tech bubble is quietly bursting with overvalued ‘unicorn’ startups” [Seattle Times]. “It has become fairly common in the last couple of years for tech companies to go public at valuations below where they stood as private companies. (One of Cloudera’s competitors, Hortonworks, also took a valuation haircut at its IPO.) But the scale of the comedown for Cloudera was something new. It will be a long slog for Cloudera to dig out of its valuation hole. Failure is common — even celebrated — in technology. But there’s a category of Cloudera-type companies no one wants to talk about that are neither crazy successes nor obvious flops. They were simply wildly overvalued in the startup-funding hot zone of 2014 to 2015, and they likely can’t sell or go public at anything close to earlier valuations…. There are more moments of reckoning to come from the startup funding bubble of 2014 and 2015. This is a new kind of failure, and Silicon Valley hasn’t come to grips with it yet.” The Bezzle: “How digital supply chain management—the broad concept that Cloud-based systems, analytics and monitoring of goods, vehicles and other assets via the Internet of Things (IoT)—will improve the way supply chains run, is top of mind for many in logistics today” [Logistic Management]. Swell. The Internet of Things. The Bezzle: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc. doesn’t want to just wait around for consumers to order household goods online. The retailing giant is seeking a patent for the use of sensors that would be attached to goods in homes and track their use and, perhaps more significantly, trigger automatic delivery of replacements” [Wall Street Journal]. “ Whether consumers will want to have Wal-Mart tracking when they do laundry remains a question, but the reach of the technology under research suggests the fierce competition that’s underway for e-commerce innovations.” Ah, “innovation.” Robots: “The North American robotics market jumped 32 percent in order volume for the first quarter, as industrial and retail giants such as General Motors Co. and Amazon.com Inc. increase their investment in automation, according to the industry’s trade group” [DC Velocity]. “The driving force behind the fast growth came largely from the automotive sector, where robots ordered by automotive component suppliers were up 53 percent, while orders by automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) increased 32 percent, RIA said. Orders also came from a diversity of other sectors, including non-automotive industries like metals (54 percent), semiconductors/electronics (22 percent), and food and consumer goods (15 percent), according to RIA.” Rapture Index: Closes up 1 on Crime Rate. “The crime rate drops in many cities” [Rapture Ready]. Record high, October 10, 2016: 189. Current: 182. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 47 Neutral (previous close: 47, Neutral) [CNN]. One week ago: 49 (Neutral). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated May 8 at 12:10pm. Dullsville. Health Care “All the horrific details of the GOP’s new Obamacare repeal bill: A handy guide” [Michael Hiltzik, Los Angeles Times]. This one’s for all the marbles: Under the GOP plan, Medicaid expansion, which currently provides coverage to some 10 million low-income Americans, would be killed as of 2020. It also converts Medicaid into a block-granted program, stripping more than $800 billion from the program over 10 years. Because block-granted program can’t keep up with the needs of beneficiaries, this means that states would have to respond to fiscal stringencies by cutting benefits or throwing enrollees out. Medicaid expansion is the one part of the ACA that can be said unequivocally to work, unsurprisingly: It’s a single payer program funded by the currency issuer (though not a very good one, since it’s for poor people). So it’s bitterly ironic that the Republican reaction to the half-assed, pissant ObamaCare is to assault and roll back an existing Federal program, and one from LBJ days at that. Of course, kicking the poors is can always be made popular, and remember that if you’re near the poverty line, but not below it, you could be forced into the Exchanges, and pay more money for worse care than somebody who makes less than you and may not even be working. So, to a certain sort of crabs-in-a-bucket mentality, making Medicaid worse restorse the natural order of things. (A genie appears to a peasant and grants them one wish. The peasant thinks for a moment, and says: “I wish for my neighbor’s cow to die.”) “As they take their victory lap for passing a bill that would repeal and replace much of the Affordable Care Act, President Trump and congressional Republicans have been largely silent about one of the most remarkable aspects of what their legislation would do: take a step toward dismantling a vast government entitlement program, something that has never been accomplished in the modern era” [New York Times]. “Even if a watered-down version of House Republicans’ health-care legislation becomes law, states are probably going to be on the hook for billions of dollars of health-care costs, especially for the poor and sick. And that means they’re going to have to make some hard choices: Do you find a way to raise taxes/cut other services to keep your most vulnerable population insured? Or do you just stop insuring them?” [Washington Post]. “That’s the heart of the question facing all 50 states as Republicans in Washington unwind the federal government’s involvement in health care. Legislatures trying to answer it could get ugly.” Even if California does pass single payer — and with an economy the size of France, they have the scale Vermont didn’t — what happens in a downtown? California is not a currency issuer… “Cutting nearly $1 trillion from Medicaid will give states the freedom to tailor the program to suit their needs, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said Sunday, as he defended a narrowly passed House bill that aims to undo parts of the health care law enacted by the previous administration” [Yahoo News]. And from the same story: “[Maine Senator Susan] Collins said she expected the Senate would come up with a ‘whole new fresh approach’ to replacing the Affordable Care Act, enacted under President Barack Obama. ‘The House bill is not going to come before us,’ she said. ‘The Senate is starting from scratch. We’re going to draft our bill, and I’m convinced we will take the time to do it right.’ “When Representative Mo Brooks said it was unfair that healthy “people who lead good lives” should have to subsidize the insurance of unhealthier ones who presumably don’t, he bluntly raised an often unspoken question that runs through policy debates in Washington: Who deserves government aid and who does not?” [New York Times]. To which conservatives answer: “The good people,” and the liberals answer: “The people approved by our nomenklatura of credentialed gatekeepers.” “At a stop in Beverly Hills, Bernie Sanders vows Obamacare repeal bill ‘is never going to pass’ in Senate” [Los Angeles Times]. “[H]ealthcare dominated much of the talk, with Sanders adding that it’s important to acknowledge the ‘many, many problems’ with Obamacare. Some of the most raucous applause from the audience came after Sanders mentioned his so-called [(!!!) –lambert] ‘Medicare for All’ single-payer healthcare proposal. ..’Let me tell you,’ he said as the theater erupted in applause. ‘That legislation is never going to pass the United States Senate.'” I hope Sanders is correct. “High-Price And Low-Price Physician Practices Do Not Differ Significantly On Care Quality Or Efficiency” [Health Affairs]. From the abstract: “Compared with low-price practices, high-price practices were much larger and received 36 percent higher prices. Patients of high-price practices reported significantly higher scores on some measures of care coordination and management but did not differ meaningfully in their overall care ratings, other domains of patient experiences (including physician ratings and access to care), receipt of preventive services, acute care use, or total Medicare spending. This suggests an overall weak relationship between practice prices and the quality and efficiency of care and calls into question claims that high-price providers deliver substantially higher-value care.” Black Injustice Tipping Point “Throughout its history, the region has incubated bold American solutions to hunger and food access. Radical Southerners, especially black women, who long provided the expertise and labor on farms and in kitchens, have challenged American agricultural practices and driven our changing relationship to food” [New York Times]. “In the late 1960s, as the civil rights movement shifted to address economic injustice, Ms. [Fannie Lou] Hamer conceived agricultural solutions to the plight of her fellow Americans, including a communal farm and livestock share program in Sunflower County in the Mississippi Delta. That work set the stage for the progressive agricultural policies and practices of today, with their focus on food sovereignty and their reliance on community farms.” And: With the help of Dorothy Height, the president of the National Council of Negro Women, she developed a Pig Bank in Sunflower County in 1969. Conceived as a complement to Freedom Farm, the idea was innovative and, for the moment and place, odd. Beginning with 35 gilts and five boars, she gave pregnant pigs to Delta families who agreed to care for them, return the mother pig to the bank and keep the remaining piglets as dividends. Poor families butchered those dividends once they reached an acceptable weight. Instead of buying ham and lard from a plantation commissary, Ms. Height bragged, Delta women went a year without store-bought pork. The Pig Bank built pride. “The Pig Bank” does have a certain resonance… “[Ben Handy, founder and president of the Ridgeland Block Club Association], has also used the Taste of African Heritage course as a way to introduce his students to another food access nonprofit: Top Box Foods, a local organization started by Chris and Sheila Kennedy that seeks to mitigate food deserts in the Chicagoland area by delivering fresh produce to designated drop-off sites. By buying from the same suppliers as a chain store like Mariano’s but forgoing fancy packaging, Top Box passes on a discount of up to forty percent to the consumer.” Gaia “David Fairchild introduced a mind-bogglingly large number of plants to the U.S., changing the country’s farms and botanical gardens forever” [Smithsonian]. “By the end of Fairchild’s career, according to Lambert, his office had introduced 111,857 new species to the U.S. It was a grand testament to the United States’ richness and new twentieth-century openness to the world. And the introduction of such diversity reassured those concerned that the domestic food supply could be easily wiped out by one disease, drought or insect. His private collection was vast, and the botanical garden that bears his name has a rich collection of plants from around the world.” Guillotine Watch “Forty-Nine Straight Hours Inside Trump’s Washington Hotel” [Bloomberg]. Execrable taste. The Medicis, America’s squillionaires are not: Key fact buried in the story: The building was once a United States Post Office, so this is not only a uglification story, it’s a privatization story. That is, a neoliberalism story. (Democrat Diane Feinstein’s squillionaire husband, Richard Bloom, is in the same racket.) Class Warfare “But the race, and the work of the wider industry, rest largely on the backs of an immigrant workforce making on average $400-$600 a week as well as free lodging in a huge dormitory inside the Churchill Downs complex. The skilled work typically requires a regular crew of guest workers, who live in Mexico in the offseason. However, as a result of Trump’s immigration crackdown, many horse workers were unable to make the trek to Churchill Downs this year” [Guardian]. So, and again, open borders, sanctuary cities, etc., are about cheap labor. “The terrifying downside to a start-up: Being too broke to feed your family” [WaPo]. Try working at Walmart… News of the Wired “I Finally Understand Online Mom Drama” [New York Magazine]. * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (via): * * * Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the Naked Capitalism fundraisers. Please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00800 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on May 8, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Dakota Access Pipeline Divestiture and Climate Change Politics Hoisted from E-Mail: Puzzling Out the UK’s Shambolic Approach to Brexit → Subscribe to Post Comments 200 comments jo6pac May 8, 2017 at 2:09 pm At a stop in Beverly Hills, Bernie Sanders vows Obamacare repeal bill ‘is never going to pass’ in Senate I wonder what he is doing on the hillabillie circuit? Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorMay 8, 2017 at 2:11 pm It’s a sold out crowd at the Saban Theatre. It’s not a fundraiser at George Clooney’s compound. Reply ↓ jo6pac May 8, 2017 at 3:17 pm Well he was doing something good. Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders swung through Beverly Hills this weekend, accepting an award from nonprofit Consumer Watchdog on Saturday. He also spoke at the sold-out Saban Theatre on Sunday http://www.consumerwatchdog.org/ Reply ↓ optimader May 8, 2017 at 5:12 pm at the Saban Theatre. It should be at the La Brea Tar Pit Reply ↓ RenoDino May 8, 2017 at 5:20 pm Here’s powerful message about Bernie about who he stands with and what he stands for. Despite their protestations, the establishment much prefers Trump. Easy to see why. Bernie is their worst nightmare. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8COj0qN6bA&feature=em-subs_digest Reply ↓ dcblogger May 8, 2017 at 2:10 pm Net Neutrality II: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92vuuZt7wak&t=180s net neutrality is crucial to sites like NakedCapitalism, so for those too lazy to type – “Preserve net neutrality and Title II. I specifically support strong net neutrality backed by Title II oversight of ISPs.” ﻿ https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/proceedings?q=name:%28%2817-108%29%29 Reply ↓ yamahog May 8, 2017 at 2:32 pm Not on the table – breaking the ISP monopolies. But hey, it’s an HBO / Time Warner show, what do you expect? Reply ↓ HopeLB May 8, 2017 at 2:40 pm Thank You! Reply ↓ Carla May 8, 2017 at 2:34 pm “Medicaid expansion is the one part of the ACA that can be said unequivocally to work, unsurprisingly: It’s a single payer program funded by the currency issuer (though not a very good one, since it’s for poor people).” I have a close friend who was on expanded Medicaid in Ohio and it was an absolute miracle for her. She hadn’t had insurance for years because Gig economy, and now she’s aged into Medicare. However, for four years she received care at through a Medicaid program at our local public hospital, which happens to be top-notch in all respects except its reputation with the middle and upper classes (because poor people, you know). She had her first physical in decades, two surgeries for skin cancer and plastic surgery to repair the disfiguring effects of the second cancer operation, and laser treatments to fine-tune that plastic surgery. Her doctors were all excellent. Fortunately, it looks like she can continue the same docs and institution with Medicare. Obamacare has actually been absolutely wonderful for some of the poorest people among us, and that can only be counted as a win. About time something went right for them! For many, perhaps a majority, of those who weren’t desperate to begin with, of course, it’s been awful. Reply ↓ ChiGal in Carolina May 8, 2017 at 5:02 pm Is she vulnerable to clawbacks of assets down the road (like when she wants to leave her home to her kids)? Not assuming she has assets, but many do and the expansion specifically defined recipients as liable for paying a share of the costs incurred at some point. Reply ↓ Greg Lemieux May 8, 2017 at 5:15 pm I was on Medicaid for a year and left it because of the potential of claw backs. The main thing was that when you participate in these programs you are never given an invoice or any document that allows you to know what the procedure was or what it was billed for. I imagine that your heirs will have to take the government for their word. Reply ↓ Art Eclectic May 8, 2017 at 7:08 pm It’s unmitigated BS that some people manage to leave assets to their kids while taking advantage of the taxpayer dime. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 7:14 pm maybe it’s unmitigated BS that people are unable to leave anything to their kids because of healthcare costs (anything, if we’re talking real money that’s an inheritance tax issue). But I do think anyone who refuses needed healthcare (unless they are terminal and then that’s a decision having to do with hospice care which should have nothing to do with clawbacks) because of clawback is being crazy. Look unless they hate you, EVEN your kids don’t want you dead prematurely for the sake of an inheritance. So take Medicaid already! Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 9, 2017 at 3:05 am So is your position that every individual should be required to exhaust all their assets before ever receiving a taxpayer dime? So the government must never offer support or subsidise the cost of anything except for those with negative wealth? No food stamps or unemployment benefits until you’ve sold the house and car and spent every dollar? How does that square with subsidies to businesses? Is it unmitigated BS that corporations get subsidies while paying dividends to shareholders and giving minimally taxed handouts to management? Reply ↓ Vatch May 9, 2017 at 10:13 am Rich people leave vast sums of money and other assets for their children, yet they receive huge benefits from the government. I did a quick web search for “welfare for the rich”, and these were the first three hits: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/bill-quigley/ten-examples-of-welfare-for-the-rich-and-corporations_b_4589188.html https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corporate_welfare http://www.marketwatch.com/story/trumpcare-is-what-you-thought-welfare-for-the-rich-2017-03-14 Reply ↓ Carla May 8, 2017 at 10:39 pm Although my friend was working in a low-wage job with no benefits when she first qualified for expanded Medicaid, she soon lost that Gig. Although she holds a Master’s degree, due to a divorce she never had any assets. Look, my comment was about how the Medicaid expansion of Obamacare has done some remarkable good for people who needed it most. It was not about asset protection! I know. Hard for middle class Americans to imagine… but we are talking about tens of millions of people. Reply ↓ diptherio May 8, 2017 at 2:35 pm A Brief History of Economics (in emojis) https://twitter.com/janmpdx/status/854740147736264705 Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU May 8, 2017 at 4:16 pm Ha! Nice! Reply ↓ diptherio May 8, 2017 at 2:37 pm Couple of recent articles from Communities Magazine should be of interest to people here: http://www.ic.org/addressing-climate-change-two-generations-at-heart-culture-farm-community/ http://www.ic.org/living-energy-farm-an-answer-for-climate-change/ Reply ↓ jo6pac May 8, 2017 at 3:19 pm Thanks for the links. Reply ↓ Vatch May 8, 2017 at 2:40 pm From Hillary Clinton’s tweet: Defeat to those interfering w/democracy. Doesn’t she understand that she was one of those interfering with democracy? Her campaign, or her agents interfered with democracy during the primaries. 1. Superdelegates. 2. Purged 125,000 names from the Brooklyn voter rolls. (It’s not clear that this was intended to benefit Clinton, but she was probably helped by this.) 3. After there weren’t enough Democratic ballots in 6 Illinois counties, the Democratic Illinois Attorney General sued to prevent post-election day voting by those who had been denied the right to vote. 4. Mysterious coinflips at caucuses seemed to grant victory to Clinton most of the time. 5. Bill Clinton illegally electioneered at Massachusetts polling places on election day. 6. Did I mention superdelegates? Then there was the huge problem where people had to wait 5 hours to vote in Maricopa County, Arizona, but I guess that wasn’t caused by Clinton or her agents. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive May 8, 2017 at 3:04 pm Don’t you think these tweets and Hillary’s desire to include herself in every resistance movement just might be a desperate attempt on her part to stay in control or at least to stay relevant? Her attempts are shabby at best….. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 8, 2017 at 4:29 pm I posted down thread, but I think shes simply stupid. Remember she is the most famous cuckold in the world and has been twice defeated in her desire to become President by one guy who had no campaign platform and a horrid name for running in a racist country and Donald Trump. She didn’t lose to FDR. She lost to an empty suit ‘(at best) and Trump despite every advantage campaigns dream of. She tweeted that the media tells her not to speak out. Consider her state of mind. Its possible she is saying some really crazy stuff and would only serve to embarrass elite Dems and media people. The loyalists wont care, but the Podesta emails indicate Hillary is under the impression America discovered Japan. Reply ↓ dcblogger May 8, 2017 at 4:45 pm Hillary Clinton is very intelligent and hugely popular. We long ago chased all the Hillary supporters off NakedCapitalism, but HRC won the popular vote. Millions and Millions of people voted for her. They remain interested in her. They want to know what she has to say. Her book will sell very well, all her previous books were best sellers. We may not support her, but millions of people do. You don’t have to admire to to acknowledge her popularity. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 8, 2017 at 5:00 pm Hillary believes America discovered Japan. Shes an idiot and lost to Donald Trump and Obama. A dead Democrat could win 45 million votes just by being on the ballot in the general election. Of course, most of your defense applies to Trump too. Reply ↓ Darius May 8, 2017 at 6:31 pm I’ve read several good reviews of Shattered and Hillary comes off as living on another planet. She apparently had no idea what so many people were angry about or why they were feeling desperate and hopeless. Liberal educated professionals were doing just fine. Reply ↓ Carla May 8, 2017 at 10:50 pm Hillary lives on the same planet as liberal, educated, COASTAL professionals. There are tens of millions of them who are doing just fine. And they fully share her cluelessness about the rest of us. They are the cool people, while here in red country (no matter what our politics) we just fester like open sores. To be honest, that’s not very appealing, either. And by the way, reading several reviews of a book doesn’t really count. If I were you, I wouldn’t brag about it. Reply ↓ Darius May 9, 2017 at 12:29 am Not bragging. No time or attention span. Reply ↓ jrs May 9, 2017 at 2:47 am yea I hear you, if you follow the game of politics it might be more your thing. But it seems to me there is so much more interesting stuff to read out there. Reply ↓ jrs May 9, 2017 at 2:28 am Liberal educated professionals do ok anywhere (but probably much better at places other than the coasts as their money goes further). I hope noone is ignorant enough to claim there is no poverty on the coasts when Los Angeles has the highest homeless population in the nation and it’s not hidden, you can’t drive anywhere without seeing another homeless encampment. Reply ↓ Mark P. May 8, 2017 at 8:08 pm Hillary Clinton is very intelligent and hugely popular. Get real. This is a woman who graduated in the bottom 25 percent of her year at law school and failed to pass the bar exam in DC, whereupon she was forced to follow her former college boyfriend, William Jefferson Clinton, to Arkansas and only there succeeded in passing the bar. Likewise in 1994, after the nepotistic chutzpah of Bill’s claim that America was getting “two for one” when he installed Hillary as health czar during his first presidential term, she proceeded to demonstrate appalling strategic ineptitude by assuming that she could essentially dictate terms to the American medical-industrial complex because her husband was in the White House. The medical-industrial complex played her like the arrogant buffoon that she was, and healthcare reform went down the toilet for twenty years. Likewise, too, something like half a million Syrians have now died because Hillary wanted to burnish her resume while she was U.S. secretary of state and demonstrate her credentials as a hawk. I could go on and on. Hillary was and is the very definition of incompetent scum. The only thing the woman has ever done halfway competently is grifting. Even there, she keeps on getting caught and only the fact that we live in a society where the one percent are essentially immune to prosecution has saved her. . As for the popularity part of your proposition, the rejoinder to that is that a large segment of the American population voted for Trump as the lesser of the two evils they were offered. Reply ↓ different clue May 9, 2017 at 1:43 am Hillary believes America discovered Japan? Without sarcasm or exaggeration, are you saying that Hillary literally actual thinks in point of actual dispassionate fact that America actually discovered Japan? Is there a reproducible quote or followable link to actual proof of her actually saying that? I myself would want to be very careful before repeating a thing like that under the belief that it is courtroom quality fact. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 9, 2017 at 3:29 am Here is what she said to the Goldman Sachs Builders And Innovators Summit, 10/29/13, as revealed by Wikileaks. (I’m sure you could have found the quote too.) Hillary Clinton Said She Told The Chinese They Can’t Just Claim The South China Sea And By Their Argument The US Could Claim The Pacific Because Of World War Two. “I think that—you know, one of the greatest arguments that I had on a continuing basis was with my Chinese counterparts about their claim. And I made the point at one point in the argument that, you know, you can call it whatever you want to call it. You don’t have a claim to all of it. I said, by that argument, you know, the United States should claim all of the Pacific. We liberated it, we defended it. We have as much claim to all of the Pacific. And we could call it the American Sea, and it could go from the West Coast of California all the way to the Philippines. And, you know, my counterpart sat up very straight and goes, well, you can’t do that. And I said, well, we have as much right to claim that as you do. I mean, you claim it based on pottery shards from, you know, some fishing vessel that ran aground in an atoll somewhere. You know, we had conveys of military strength. We discovered Japan for Heaven sakes. I mean, we did all of these things.” Reply ↓ UserFriendly May 9, 2017 at 7:38 pm This short youtube video on the history of Japan is absolutely amazing. I cannot recommend this highly enough. Guaranteed to make you smile. https://youtu.be/Mh5LY4Mz15o Reply ↓ Procopius May 10, 2017 at 12:28 am Thanks for the link. That *is* good. Reply ↓ Pat May 8, 2017 at 5:03 pm I can acknowledge her popularity and still discuss HER goal in tweeting at all and when she slams the media recognize it is a continuation of her inability to admit her own failings. Being popular does not always equate with competent, talented intelligent and/or deserving of that popularity. Remember almost every Kardashian has more followers than Hillary Rodham Clinton Reply ↓ ProNewerDeal May 8, 2017 at 5:19 pm I recall from the 2016 campaign that Hillary had the 2nd worst net disapproval (approval – disapproval) number in US Pres history, where the poll of the D & R nominees done each election going back to 1980. Furthermore, Hillary lost to ConManD0n, the guy with the worst net disapproval number. It is possible that given the large US population & de facto 2-party distraction, any D or R nominee could be popular with some millions of diehard “fans”, despite being very unpopular as a percentage of the population. Keep in mind even the likes of Sarah Palin has some cohort of diehard fans. Most Disapproved Ever ConManD0n even has thousands at his rallies 6 months after the election. Reply ↓ ProNewerDeal May 8, 2017 at 6:00 pm typo, should’ve written “de facto 2-party duopoly” Reply ↓ Todde May 8, 2017 at 5:48 pm Her last book didn’t sell well at all. Reply ↓ Yves Smith May 9, 2017 at 4:42 am Both of her last two books sold badly, given her name and that she almost assuredly had baked in group purchases (by Dems to give out if nothing else..) https://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/15/us/politics/clinton-book-stronger-together.html Reply ↓ roadrider May 8, 2017 at 6:15 pm Millions and Millions of people voted for her. They remain interested in her. Well, there’s no accounting for taste. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido May 8, 2017 at 7:03 pm Hillary Clinton is very intelligent and hugely popular… HRC won the popular vote. For the moment we’ll lay aside her “popularity” rating (the lowest of any presidential candidate in 4 decades). Her entire margin in the popular vote came from a single state, which indicates that her mandate among the nation as a whole was even worse than the overall result implies — and furthermore, we all know the rules of winning an election. Except HRC, who had 8 years to run, somehow couldn’t figure that out despite one of her predecessors making the exact same errors in 2000. She became the first Democrat to lose PA — and only the second one to lose IA — in 28 years (even Michael Dukakis won those states.) She became the first Democrat to lose MI and WI since Walter Mondale 32 years ago. Damn near became the first to lose MN since George McGovern in 1972. That’s not “intelligent” at all — it’s downright stupid politics. Reply ↓ Massinissa May 8, 2017 at 7:46 pm ” and Millions of people voted for her. They remain interested in her” Considering she had such high unpopularity ratings, its probable that most Dems who voted for her just voted for her because they were scared shitless of The Donald. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 8, 2017 at 8:00 pm Her book will sell very well…. I’m sure it will. Once the DNC uses all the money it didn’t spend supporting decent candidates to buy up all the copies. Reply ↓ Anonymous May 8, 2017 at 8:35 pm Hillary Clinton could not even pass the Washington DC bar exam. She could only practice in Arkansas. She’s not that bright. She’s driven, power-mad and focused, but not insightful and has horrible judgment and zero empathy or conscience. Some of her actions are absolutely chilling. Her psychopathy is on full display. Many, if not most, of Hillary’s 3 million popular votes came from California. She was popular with coastal elites who benefited from her neoliberal policies and who apparently have little regard for the domestic and foreign victims of Hillary’s war profiteering. Reply ↓ Vatch May 8, 2017 at 9:18 pm Millions of people voted for her. Yes, but. . . . Millions of people also voted for Trump (not quite as many, but close). That tens of millions of people would willingly vote “for” either one of them is difficult for me to believe. I’m pretty sure that a lot of the votes on either side were really votes against the other major candidate. Reply ↓ Daryl May 9, 2017 at 2:35 am She won the popular vote with record low turnout. Sure, she’s “popular” in that I guess a lot of people are aware of her. A lot of those people don’t like her, too, which is probably why the Democrats lost when a bag of bricks might have won. Reply ↓ zapster May 9, 2017 at 9:44 am Only because millions of ballots for Bernie went uncounted, were changed with whiteout to Clinton and various other machinations. The fact that she refused to support the recount (which showed her winning before they shut it down) says to me she didn’t want it very bad. Trump was just fine with her. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim May 8, 2017 at 5:03 pm Slim here. We didn’t have major voting problems down here in Pima County, but in Maricopa? Oh, brother. And let’s just say that the AZ Democratic Party wasn’t up in arms about those five-hour lines. Of course not. Because their chosen candidate, The Inevitable Hillary, won our state’s Democratic primary. Now, the Sanders campaign wasn’t exactly raising hell either. They packed up and left the state. It was up to us Zonies to take to the streets and I was one of them. Reply ↓ optimader May 8, 2017 at 5:15 pm Doesn’t she understand that she was one of those interfering with democracy? No or know? I vote the later.. Reply ↓ John Morrison May 8, 2017 at 10:59 pm “2. Purged 125,000 names from the Brooklyn voter rolls. (It’s not clear that this was intended to benefit Clinton, but she was probably helped by this.)” “Then there was the huge problem where people had to wait 5 hours to vote in Maricopa County, Arizona, but I guess that wasn’t caused by Clinton or her agents.” Voter suppression tactics such as these are one benefit of third parties, especially if they buckle up, hold their noses (if necessary) and work together: they have standing to sue for the sabotage of their elections — and maybe even sue for immediate redress, Court order: “Get 100 more voting machines there within 30 minutes, or you’re jailed.” Reply ↓ Ernesto Lyon May 8, 2017 at 2:41 pm Class dailykos thread by the Kos himself. tl;dr – take your anti-identiatarianism and shove it. Sanders too. http://www.dailykos.com/stories/2017/5/8/1660063/-If-we-agree-on-the-issues-why-are-so-many-on-the-Left-fighting-each-other Reply ↓ Outis Philalithopoulos May 8, 2017 at 3:32 pm Fascinating. In his title, he laments that “we” on “the Left” are “fighting each other,” and then proceeds to… fight… against “hard-core Bernie Sanders dead-enders” “waging jihad against the party,” also known as “mostly white and male Christian or atheist progressives.” He puzzles over the fact that “we” on “the Left” have “near unanimity” on basic values like “income equality” and “justice for all.” However, the “alt left,” according to Kos, believes that income equality can “solve all our ills.” It soon becomes clear that many on “the Left” don’t actually share all of “our” values, and are in fact “assholes.” I became quite confused at this point. There is “near unanimity” on “income equality”? Did the Democratic Party announce that it favors income equality for all people when I wasn’t paying attention? What is the plan that we “all” agree on for how to get there? He concludes by announcing that whereas he hasn’t made a big deal out of his minority status up to now, that has ended. We will now see “Latino Kos” “loud and proud.” So all of you “asshole borderline racists” out there, be afraid: the party is over. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 3:44 pm Glad to see him stand up for the Kos Cause and get that rant off his breasts. Must be running low on money. Maybe we’ll see some web begging? Pledge a Peso or two – they be cheap. Also, his ID pol needs updating with the real demo data widely and longly in the MSM news. As usual, white bros be an unofficial minority. Even if your alter ego isn’t a black dude named Airbelly – Son of Ledbelly*, and you have a guitar named “Lucille” but you have no clue where the name came from. But you’ll still try picking and stroking Lucille. The Bitch. * And you may be woke enough to know Ledbelly penned “House of the Rising Sun” ! Reply ↓ dcblogger May 8, 2017 at 4:41 pm can’t find it now, but somewhere there is a graphic (I think from Pew research) saying that blacks and women overwhelmingly support Sanders Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 5:00 pm I think Lambert had it or similar in Watercooler sometime in the past few days. I think the “professions”, old white male dominated, indicated the Hillary preference. Makes me feel a twinge of guilt, but I’ve now joined Jesus, and split into my part time alter ego, Airbelly, Son of Ledbelly, Cajin Blues Star Extraordinaire. But I gotta practice lots more before I tell anyone. Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry May 8, 2017 at 7:34 pm I think this is what you are referring to- https://twitter.com/kthalps/status/856508029470167040/photo/1 Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 8, 2017 at 4:54 pm Owning Kos didn’t help national Democrats in the last cycle. I wonder how much money went his way during the campaign. I suppose like the Democrats swore to do, Kos will seek to mine Hispanic voters to augment his blog’s status. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 5:14 pm I guess he will have plenty of money for his healthcare expenses anyway. Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU May 8, 2017 at 4:22 pm Currently on my #WorstTakes list for today: Near Unanimity on income inequality may not be so near after all. Reply ↓ RUKidding May 8, 2017 at 4:43 pm Don’t read the Great Orange Satan… this is reason #5432 or something. I did swing by there a bit during the campaign and the anti-Sanders stuff was over the top. But I see lots of anti-Sanders stuff at other purported “leftwing” blogs. I don’t get it, except that there’s been viscious rumors (probably spawned by the DNC and the Clintonistas) that it’s all the fault of “BernieBros” that Sainted Empress Clinton lost… except when it’s Putin’s fault, of course, or maybe Julian Assange’s fault or Jill Stein’s fault. Of course, it is never ever Clinton’s fault in any way. IMO, Sanders has handled himself admirably throughout, up to and including today. Why these Clintonistas continue in their vitriolic hatred of Sanders is both puzzling and extremely aggravating. Talk about pitting people against one another, so that the 1% takes the spoils. While Sanders is far from perfect – who is?? – he’s one of the few politicians out there that I see actively WORKING HARD for the rights of the middle and working classes. What has Clinton done in that regard except for some Tweets? Sheesh. These people. Well Kos is ex-CIA, and it was made evident that the CIA wanted Clinton to win, even though the Fibbies did not and still don’t. So that may be part of it, I suppose. Reply ↓ Massinissa May 8, 2017 at 7:55 pm Man, I feel bad for Bernie sometimes. He gets hated on by people like Markos for being too far to the left of the Dems, and then he gets hated on by the far left (often including myself) for not being enough far left of the Dems. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 5:07 pm or he seems to be fighting anyone who actually does prioritize single payer (whereas I see how people prioritize things differently and don’t see it as a right or wrong thing – I mean sure the fact that we are destroying the biosphere may be more important in some way than the unemployment rate but … see it’s not so clear cut is it). But anyway he like can’t understand it, all this fussing over single payer, it’s just inexplicable, it’s over his privileged head or something, he makes to much $$$$$. Do you think the Ko$ has ever lost any sleep over healthcare of himself or his family? You are seeing the loud and proud outting of RICH KO$. Reply ↓ Lee May 8, 2017 at 6:26 pm IMHO, Kos has lost his [family blog] mind. I visited and commented at that site for several years. Now, I rarely go there and very occasionally find a progressive or pro-Sanders point of view being expressed. But mostly they are just crazed identitarians screeching about Trump’s awfulness. The guy is indeed awful but we do have bigger, systemic fish to fry. Every time I go to DK I post a quote from and link to Naked Capitalism. Reply ↓ Darius May 8, 2017 at 6:39 pm Sarah Jones tweeted today that just because LePen was so awful doesn’t mean Macron is good. Same applies to Trump and the Democrats. Reply ↓ Massinissa May 8, 2017 at 7:52 pm “Christian or atheist progressives.” I’m still trying to wrap my head around this part. Is he saying that Christians and atheists are both privileged like being white and male or something? Because otherwise I don’t see much in common between the two. Reply ↓ different clue May 9, 2017 at 1:49 am Markos Moulitsas ( and Moulitsas is a GREEK name, by the way), is a perfect example of all those millions of Hillary supporters. I have said before that they are a civic threat and a political menace, and a major nonpoint source of ethical and moral pollution. Reply ↓ zapster May 9, 2017 at 9:47 am And Kos thinks Hillary had any interest in inequality?? ROFLMAO Reply ↓ curlydan May 8, 2017 at 4:28 pm OMG. Have barf bag ready! Abandon all logic before you enter! I guess any article by Kos is like train-wreck click bait…kind of like David Brooks :) His big ask is: would you accept a border wall for universal health care? I can’t even imagine being in a state of mind where this somehow becomes a “trade” much less a red line you dare to cross. Why can’t we pursue and advocate policies that simply help “the people” and be against dumbass proposals? Why can we pick only one? Reply ↓ Gareth May 8, 2017 at 5:59 pm His big ask is: would you accept a border wall for universal health care? ————— That’s easy. Yes, I would. I like the way this dude thinks, breaking across all the ideological divisions. And they could also dig a big effing trench, filled with crocodiles and rubber ducks, in exchange for a universal job guarantee. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 6:47 pm Of course as some pointed out it’s not even an argument. It’s just an insult. I mean if one needs to answer the hypothetical question, I suppose there are several approaches, one could try for utilitarian (I think single payer would win, I suspect it would improve and save more lives but that’s an empirical and I don’t claim to actually have that data). One could be more narrow and say that questions within one’s country are more important than saving the whole world. This is how EVERYONE lives in actual practice to some degree. Very few of us are more concerned with suffering in Africa than single payer OR police brutality. One could just say they are driven to care about what they do for personal reasons (maybe they even are say a nurse who prioritizes single payer). I’ve argued subjective is ok for determining one’s actions politically. One could argue an issue is more central than another, for instance one may prioritize the environment, but understand why this must entail a policy of economic justice as well (for reasons of justice but even just to get any buy in on your environmental concerns!). So someone on Ko$ is commenting on Ko$ on how this needs to be determined dialectically. Yes maybe, but they are trying to have a thinking persons argument, in a place where thought is even less welcome than in Trumps head quite frankly. Reply ↓ Mark P. May 8, 2017 at 8:37 pm curlydan wrote: His big ask is: would you accept a border wall for universal health care? I can’t even imagine being in a state of mind where this somehow becomes a “trade” much less a red line you dare to cross. You should start imagining that in fact this is a real trade-off that our societies confront. Because almost certainly what Markos is tiptoeing around here is that he’s run across mention of Rodrik’s Trilemma somewhere and rather than address it honestly he’s thrown up this little piece of bullshit. Unfortunately, Rodrik’s Trilemma is a real, valid problem. Arguably, the great problem of the 21st century — http://rodrik.typepad.com/dani_rodriks_weblog/2007/06/the-inescapable.html http://rodrik.typepad.com/dani_rodriks_weblog/2016/06/brexit-and-the-globalization-trilemma.html In the developed global North, there increasingly aren’t going to be enough jobs to maintain capitalism as we’ve known it, so basic income and services will have to take up the slack. Simultaneously, as climate change kicks in in the undeveloped global South, famine and social breakdown will increasingly force refugee populations to flee northwards, where at some point they’ll utterly overwhelm the developed states’ abilities to maintain their existing populations. It’s all only going to become more intensely difficult. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 9, 2017 at 3:54 am I’m glad to hear refugees will flee northwards. Very reassuring to us Down Under. Reply ↓ Left in Wisconsin May 9, 2017 at 2:29 pm In the developed global North, there increasingly aren’t going to be enough jobs to maintain capitalism as we’ve known it, so basic income and services will have to take up the slack. I don’t buy this at all. But the trilemma is easy to solve – just do away with the “deep economic integration.” Shallow economic integration worked just fine for a long time. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 4:57 pm I don’t even understand the question, would I take reading that for someone who can word a non-ambiguous question? So is the question will I put up with the wall for single payer healthcare? Yea likely so. Or is the question: am I willing to give up building the wall for single payer healthcare? Sure. Reply ↓ Another Anon May 8, 2017 at 9:04 pm I think what Kos is trying to say, is that there is not enough political support to get single payer health care amongst those who want it and don’t want the wall. Therefore getting sufficient support for single payer healthcare requires one to get the support of the above group and those who would support it provided such a wall is built. This is bullshit for as others have mentioned, it makes no sense if someone who wants A and B will say no to A if B is not possible. My granddaughter won’t refuse getting chocolate, if she can’t get both chocolate and cake. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido May 8, 2017 at 7:09 pm “If we agree on the issues…” False premise. Reply ↓ Kurtismayfield May 8, 2017 at 7:17 pm I am very proud of Markos.. he waited one paragraph to start hippie punching. So again, ask yourself: would you trade universal health care for Trump’s glorious wall and enhanced hiring of jackbooted government ICE thugs to raid homes, schools, and workplaces? And if the answer is “yes”—then please, show yourself out the door. I don’t remember Hillary offering universal healthcare in the campaign. And she never mentioned trading it for rigorous immigration enforcement. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 7:24 pm no and Trump never actually offered it either. I suppose it was supposed to be some sort of thought experiment. Which was answered with not thought and not even subjective opinion. But subjective opinion + anyone who disagrees with my subjective opinion is an @ssh0le. Why? Don’t ask why, that’s entirely too much thinking you are doing there buddy. Reply ↓ Damson May 9, 2017 at 1:08 am He demonstrates the point C. Johnstone at the Medium link makes perfectly. Typical white noise from the Establishment (whose all – encompassing liberalism is of the limousine variety – pet causes /divide-and-conquer identity politics). But there appears to be real worry behind the noise – that income inequality may very well get coopted by a real grassroots, identity-transcendent movement, instead of contained/diluted, even perverted for oligarch ends. The class issue is back. The political is returning to the economy, from whence it had been believed permanently evicted (MMT). That would sound the death – knell for apparatchiks such as the Kos. Reply ↓ LT May 8, 2017 at 2:45 pm Re: The Nation “Rock Star MMT”… Who has flexibility? Key words: sovereign currency-issuing nation. Preach it to the youth…and fast! Reply ↓ HopeLB May 8, 2017 at 3:29 pm Downwithtyranny is working on it. This made it fairly high up on reddit; http://downwithtyranny.blogspot.com/2017/05/about-next-great-crash.html Reply ↓ mk May 9, 2017 at 12:32 am thank you Reply ↓ Dead Dog May 8, 2017 at 3:33 pm Agreed, but we face a huge, immovable, mass of economists and other intellectuals who rely (ie earn their living) by supporting the untrue statement that: Government spending requires taxes or debt to fund it. Sounds ‘right’ to most of my friends, who need income or debt to buy things. —– Budget morning here in Oz. As a younger economist and working in the Government in Canberra, I used to get excited in the budget and rarely missed watching the Treasurer’s speech in the early evening (second Tuesday in May). After my ‘enlightenment’, due in no small part to being an early adopter of NC’s wisdom, and especially the commentariat, I cringe every time any politician repeats the lie. So is it a lie? I don’t think so. It’s more akin to indoctrination and continues to be supported by some very bright minds in Treasury, Finance and so on. I think that the idea that you could give a government, any government, virtually unlimited resources to solve every social need… Well, that government would be much too powerful. And, the rent seeking party would be over Thank you Lambert for continuing to help people to understand MMT. Every new person that ‘gets it’ is welcome Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 3:54 pm If you just ignore MMT like everyone else does, you’ll be right far more often than wrong. Plus, you won’t presently be on the hook for $50K in per capita federal and state debt. Or $200K for a family of four. With an income ave at $52K/year and you have to still borrow to make ends meet, and that will certainly get much worse too. Reply ↓ Deadl E Cheese May 8, 2017 at 4:15 pm If you ignore Einsteinian physics in lieu of Newtonian physics like almost everyone else does, you’ll be right far more often than wrong, too. Let’s go back to your analogy: if you had unlimited property rights to use a legal tender printing press or US Treasury banking software, what does it even mean to have debt? As far as you’re concerned, what’s the practical difference in this situation from being owed by 100 people a million dollars each or owing 100 people a million dollars each? Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 4:40 pm Debt service. Only reason we keep rolling the snowball downhill. Till snowball meets Hobbit Village. Tolkien didn’t just make this stuff up either. He was a student of history, and the future. Sauron always gets the gold from Smurf, and issues script to pay the stooped Orcs. But Sauron was too clever to take on Sovereign debt, and his flying Ring King Monsters didn’t buy food, so they had no reason to borrow at state or personal levels. Reply ↓ Mark P. May 8, 2017 at 8:46 pm Thanks for clearing all that up! Reply ↓ Dead Dog May 8, 2017 at 4:21 pm Is the ignorance willful or not. Craazy? I guess if you get your viewpoints from the msm, it’s ignorance of a different sort. The Australian budget process here is tedious. Changes, additions, lapsing programs, all impact the Budget ‘bottom line’ (deficit or surplus) and this is where the focus is. Our public servants allow this to perpetuate as they are scared of a government with unlimited spending power. $300m for new Federal Police (to ensure our Nation’s security…) is ‘New Money’ no offsets (savings on other programs) required. More support to the poor? Can’t be done as would require taxes or more debt. All politicians follow the same script and it is excruciating to watch Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 4:48 pm The whole world went neolib, aussies are no exception. In my case, I studied econ, finance and money since college, and was lucky enough to find some credible sources post college that didn’t try to load up their writings with a bunch of fluff for the sake of selling heavier text books by the pound. Then, these past ten years, it’s been almost impossible to find a finance and econ site that hasn’t been at least partly coopted by overly chatty, but ill informed, self identifying MMTers. Fortunately, I already know how it works, so I didn’t waste that much time on it. Except for all the fun you can have with it. I can and have just told people how it all works in a few simple paragraphs. It’s just that it doesn’t seem to help, or a newbie expert comes along. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 5:06 pm The whole world went neolib, aussies are no exception. Yup, and all dissenting regimes were “neutralized,” even the Aussies, hence the soft coup in 1975. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1975_Australian_constitutional_crisis Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money May 8, 2017 at 8:44 pm A lie – well that is relatively benign. We all do it – even to ourselves, but indoctrination is a different kettle of fish altogether and not at all benign. You can lie to yourself with alacrity, but you have a go at indoctrinating yourself. The doctrine I see being promulgated is that private wealth is equivalent to public wealth and that the methods of regulating a person’s private wealth and a nation’s wealth are the same. Either the politicians don’t understand this (being indoctrinated themselves) or they are loathe for some reason to educate the people of the consequences of the differences between creating personal wealth and public (national) wealth. If for reasons of convenience, because of an ill-educated population they fail to point out the difference, the power-elite has to be very careful not to believe its own propaganda. Can a nation’s power-elite become self-deluded by believing its own propaganda? My response is: show me a power-elite that isn’t self deluded – It is only a matter of degree. Pip Pip Reply ↓ Another Anon May 8, 2017 at 9:11 pm DeadDog, Is there still support for “negative gearing” in Oz ? It seems to me that it is driving much of the real estate bubble. Reply ↓ Not Invented Here! (even though I did invent it) May 9, 2017 at 12:55 am re Negative Gearing in Oz ( and coincidentally Budget day in OZ – May 9th) The current government momentarily touted changing negative gearing within the past few years. but such a kerfuffle was stirred up, the proposal was canned (as in: can of worms). The currently hot expression: thought-bubble comes to mind; assumed meaning: policy we didn’t OK with the lobbyists. Additionally, when the Labor opposition embraced the possibility of change and put up their own proposal, change became a total No-No, as in collapse-of-the-economy type No-No. Today the new government “budget” will be announced with measures proposed to enable the current batch of potential first-time home buyers to more easily afford to enter the still over-heated housing market. It will have to be a cunning plan, or the sellers of bottom-end property will have added the appropriate sum to the price of their offerings about 15 seconds after the proposed change is announced. Ah Politics; endlessly entertaining if you can forget that you have skin in the game for a while! In this respect the current POTUS is a gem – Mutually Assured Destruction and all. Pip Pip! Reply ↓ craazyman May 8, 2017 at 8:27 pm I think Woodie Guthrie is gonna sing at the MMT concert, This is “The Do Re Mi” Song (w/apologies to Mr. Guthrie) economists back east they say is leavin home every day they’re beaten that hot old dusty way to the Kansas City line across the money lands they roll lookin for a tenure dole they think they’re goin to a sugar bowl but here’s what they find the professers at the port of entry say “you can teach here but we’re not sure we can pay” chorus: Whoa! if you can’t live on MMT boys If you can’t live on MMT You better go back to beautiful Wall Street Princeton, Yale or Harvard where there’s currency Kansas City is a garden of Eden (Editorial interruption: put Wilbert Harrison’s Kansas City on the record player! Kansas City, Kansas City here I come, Goin to Kansas City, Kansas City here I come, they got a lot a crazy women there (like Professor Kelton) and I think I’m gonna get me one, I’m standin on the corner, 12th street and Vine, standin’ on the corner, 12th Street and Vine, Got some MMT money & gonna buy a bottle of Kansas City wine. . .Now we’ll return to the song . . . ) A paradise to teach in — for free But believe it or no, you won’t find it so hot If you can’t live on MMT If you want to buy a home or farm that won’t do nobody harm or take your vacations at the mountains or sea but don’t swap your gold bars for dollars They’ll print them right up to the stars You better take this little tip from me I channel up the centuries every day ( sorry that’s not a good line for a song) and the history of money always say . . . (that’s not so good either) chorus . . . Reply ↓ Truth - better expressed in song May 9, 2017 at 8:19 pm Get Ry Cooder to sing it! For those who have never listened to Ry, check out No Banker Left Behind on Ewetube (which specializes in vids about trees in English churchyards and sheep). Reply ↓ roxy May 8, 2017 at 2:45 pm “But the media says I can’t talk about that.” What part of JUST GO AWAY does she not understand? Reply ↓ a different chris May 8, 2017 at 4:37 pm She’s having trouble with the “JUST”, the “GO”, and the “AWAY”. But otherwise she is the smartest most qualified person evah. Reply ↓ RUKidding May 8, 2017 at 4:45 pm What part doesn’t she understand? All of it. Nor does she want to understand. Inserting herself in inglorious ways seems to be her MO these days. Ugh. Reply ↓ Plenue May 8, 2017 at 11:18 pm What is she even referring to with that comment? In what (wonderful, utopian) world is the media not talking constantly about how the Ruskies supposedly interfered in our election? Another wave of that nonsense hit just today; someone named Sally Yates said some fluff or other about the Michael Flynn nonsense. God, the Trump administration should have put their foot down and stubbornly refused to back down on that gibberish from the start. Flynn talked to an Ambassador, you know, someone who is literally paid to talk to people. The end. But they didn’t stand their ground, and here we are, with Keith Olbermann just declaring Yates a national hero. Reply ↓ DWD May 8, 2017 at 2:47 pm There are at least 22 Democrats thinking about running for president in 2020” [CNN]. And unless I missed it, no mention of Tulsi. They really don’t like her. That tells me that she must frighten them down to their designer shoes. Reply ↓ Vatch May 8, 2017 at 3:03 pm She’s not one of the Terrific Twenty Two, but she’s one of the Fantastic Forty Three in this article linked just below the CNN link: “The 43 people who might run against Trump in 2020” [The Hill]. Both lists include several people I have never heard of. Reply ↓ jo6pac May 8, 2017 at 3:06 pm maybe we can get little Jamie to run he is a demodog and now whats to solve Amerikas problem. https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jamie-dimon-national-catastrophe-ringing-165236154.html Reply ↓ polecat May 8, 2017 at 8:57 pm well, he’s got the cuff links … so that must mean he’s all presidential n shit ! Reply ↓ dcblogger May 8, 2017 at 3:07 pm looking at that Walmart story, you need a new category, stalker marketing. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 3:56 pm +1 Have we as a people gotten so lazy that we can’t be bothered to go to the store and buy more paper towels when we run out? Secondly, what happens when these sensors get hacked, or somebody’s three year old starts playing with one of them and an entire tractor trailer load of paper towels gets delivered to somebody’s house in error? Is the customer on the hook for the bill or is WalMart? Ugh, well I guess there is a reason Lambert refers to such devices as the “internet of s!@#.” Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 4:03 pm a lot of it is lazy, but people also work long hours (and both parents work), have long commutes, live in a country without paid vacation, sick time, or enforced overtime laws. So they look for hacks. Weight the hacks against the downside (downside of having your paper towels tracked is lack of privacy, downside of automatic bill pay is they may charge you before you’ve seen the bill (!), downside of having all your meals in restaurants and ready made is health and maybe costs, downside of buying online is it doesn’t support local employment). But people WILL take a least some hacks, because they HAVE to. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 5:03 pm True, I did neglect the hack end of the deal, especially with so many folks working multiple jobs and those folks on the while collar side of the house being forced to work 60+ hour weeks with no OT. Thanks JRS. Reply ↓ footnote4 May 8, 2017 at 5:55 pm Laugh or you’d cry department https://www.theverge.com/platform/amp/circuitbreaker/2017/5/6/15566630/homekit-internet-of-shit Reply ↓ mirjonray May 8, 2017 at 8:12 pm Outside of the obvious creep factor, I also wonder how good a job they’d do keeping their items in stock. When you have a cranky old cat like I do, it’s very important to get the correct kitty litter and flavors of cat food delivered Just In Time. Reply ↓ different clue May 9, 2017 at 1:58 am I couldn’t be sure the headline matched the story. Was the story actually saying these sensors would be used to “inform” Walmart that it needed to order another such item to restock the store shelf from wherever the item had been bought from? Or did the article literally say that Walmart hopes to create a racket whereby an item in your own home send in an order for another such item to Walmart without you knowing? And that Walmart then sends it to you and bills you or drains your credit card or garnishes your paycheck for it? Reply ↓ Quentin May 8, 2017 at 3:09 pm Clinton is just so full of BS. No, her DNC didn’t interfere with democracy? Yes, she most surely can talk about that…but she won’t. Instead she pontificates about the WORLD: my goodness! Then tell us about how your democracy bypassed Libya, for instance. Once again Clinton is the victim: now the media is the culprit as she stands tall smiling as the barbs bounce of her. I happy to see she is tech savvy enough to twitter, just like her president. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 8, 2017 at 4:23 pm Part of me wonders if people in her circle and the media have realized she really is stupid and are simply pleading with her not to speak in public because Hillary will only serve to embarrass herself and her circle. Reply ↓ different clue May 9, 2017 at 1:59 am If that is true, then setting Hillary free to say everything she wants to say might lead her to self-destruct in public. Her millions of supporters should start a movement to Unchain the Warrior Woman. Let Hillary Be Hillary! Reply ↓ clarky90 May 8, 2017 at 3:17 pm Features of a successful therapeutic fast of 382 days’ duration “A 27-year-old male patient fasted under supervision for 382 days and has subsequently maintained his normal weight. Blood glucose concentrations around 30 mg/100 ml were recorded consistently during the last 8 months, although the patient was ambulant and attending as an out-patient………Prolonged fasting in this patient had no ill-effects”. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2495396/ Re, Health Care. We have inexpensive, universal health care here in NZ. It is a Godsend in the case of accidents, trauma, infections, childbirth, stroke…. event based. However, when I look at my fellow Kiwis, we are not a very healthy community, in spite of easy access to modern health care? Overweight, diabetic, cancer, autoimmune problems, depression…… Fasting is an “amazing” and “normal” ability of our nomadic, hunter gathering forebears. (ALL of our forebears). Sometimes there was plenty of food, sometimes, a scarcity of food, sometimes, there was no food at all. The “no food at all” lasted until there was food again. https://www.dietdoctor.com/fasting-affects-physiology-hormones I am passing this on to anyone feeling overwhelmed by the hideous USA health care machinations. (IMHO of course!) Reply ↓ Jeotsu May 8, 2017 at 4:21 pm An anecdote from a farmer (who also happens to be in NZ) — Camelids evolved in a situation of food scarcity, and seasonal variation in food abundance and nutritive quality. NZ pastoral conditions are essentially permanent “club med” for these scarcity-adapted animals, so overweight and obese animals are very common. On our farm we happen to run them on (rather steep) hill country, so we end up with animals that are both very fit, and very fat. We’ve had female animals come onto our place from flat paddocks who were suffering from endocrine disruptions – upshot meaning they couldn’t get pregnant. Leave them on the hills for 6-12 months and they would still be fat-to-obese (though no longer morbidly obese, with fat rolls down the flanks) and their endocrine system would get back in line and they’d have no problem with pregnancies. Yes, they are camels and we are humans, but I can’t help but look at that experience and then decide maybe I should go out for a long walk today. We have become far too sedentary. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 5:02 pm We have become far too sedentary. +1 This is so true, and it is a huge part of why I have been commuting to work on a bike for the past year or so. May is National Bike Month, May 19th is National Bike to Work Day, and I encourage the entire commenteriat to give it a shot if feasible. Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money May 8, 2017 at 9:54 pm I used to commute to work on my bike – even through the wet and murky English winters. I found it the best way to flush the Dilbert-esque madness out at the end of the day. Through doing that, I went cycle touring in France, Spain and Thailand for months, but mostly as a fair-weather cyclist – spending days in my tent trying to learn French when it rained solidly. During the many hours in the saddle, the best alternative name I could come up with for cars was: lard-luggers Any other suggestions ,anyone? Pip-Pip! Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 4:25 pm RE: 382 Day Fast I couldn’t tell from reading the abstract, but did this fellow go without food for 382 days? The reason I ask is that fasting has various meanings, like during Ramadan when fasting consists of abstaining from food and drink during the daytime hours only. Commenteriat, please advise! Reply ↓ clarky90 May 8, 2017 at 7:01 pm Hi HL It was a complete fast! Scroll down from the abstract and the entire paper is there as pdfs. Here is a before and after photo. https://i2.wp.com/2ketoblog.ramorris.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2016/09/angusB.jpg?fit=400%2C321 “This patient weighted in 456 pounds (~207 kg) and weighted out 180 pounds (~82 kg). So, he lost 276 pounds (~125kg) during his fast. Five years after the fast ended, the patient’s weight has been constantly around the values of 196 pounds. A.B. had no ill symptoms during and after the fast. Throughout the entire period of 382 days, patient A.B. consumed water and had taken vitamin supplements, yeast for the first 10 months, potassium supplements (Day 93 to Day 162), and sodium supplements (Day 345 to Day 355). Urine and blood collections were taken throughout the whole period of fasting. Fecal evacuations were infrequent in the later period of the fasting, as the time between stools was averaging from 37-48 days, as the researchers claim”. The things that we humans are capable of doing. wow Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny May 8, 2017 at 7:35 pm This case report is from 1973. Perhaps nutritional science has advanced since then? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 8, 2017 at 5:19 pm That’s a life style…fasting. But not all pre-conditions, like diabetic, are related to life style. Only one particular life style I can think of that guarantees pre-conditions – GM food diet. Almost all of us are forced to live that style, unfortunately. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 3:19 pm “Cutting nearly $1 trillion from Medicaid will give states the freedom to tailor the program to suit their needs, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said Sunday, as he defended a narrowly passed House bill that aims to undo parts of the health care law enacted by the previous administration” +++++++++ OMG. It’s trwu, it’s trwu. They don’t teach Docs math in school! Well, some stat fodder then —————————– Total state government expenditures Between fiscal years 2014 and 2015, total state spending (including both state and federal funds and excluding bonds) was estimated to have increased by about 7.65 percent, from $1.7 trillion in fiscal year 2014 to an estimated $1.83 trillion in fiscal year 2015.[2] https://ballotpedia.org/Total_state_government_expenditures +++++++++++++++++++++ Total debt by state As of January 2014, total debt in the states equaled approximately $5.1 trillion. This equaled approximately $16,178 per capita. Alaska had the highest total state debt per capita at $40,714 ($29.8 billion total). https://ballotpedia.org/State_debt That explains no math. Reply ↓ allan May 8, 2017 at 3:19 pm Is methane slowing global warming in the Arctic? [Science(!)] Good news about climate change is especially rare in the Arctic. But now comes news that increases in one greenhouse gas—methane—lead to the dramatic decline of another. Research off the coast of Norway’s Svalbard archipelago suggests that where methane gas bubbles up from seafloor seeps, surface waters directly above absorb twice as much carbon dioxide as surrounding waters. The findings suggest that—in isolated spots in the Arctic—methane seeps could lessen the impact of climate change. “This is … totally unexpected,” says Brett Thornton, a geochemist at Stockholm University who was not involved in the research. These new findings challenge the popular assumption that methane seeps inevitably increase the global greenhouse gas burden. … Surely there’s a way to monetize this. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 3:29 pm I think it’s in a still shot, nicely framed. But we have the talkies now. So, Norway??? Reply ↓ HopeLB May 8, 2017 at 3:36 pm And more carbon dioxide in the ocean water is a desirable thing? Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 3:47 pm If you’re a kelp farmer… Reply ↓ HopeLB May 8, 2017 at 11:33 pm Yes, you might be really onto something there (!) unless my wanton oogling of the tubes has tricked me into a prokaryotes vs eukaryotes vs urchin battle story . Kelp seems to thrive in acidified waters. They are using it to remove carbonic acid (https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11120-015-0138-5 ) but in warmer, acidic waters kelp can be wiped out by sea urchins switching from passive cold water bacteria/algae feeding to active kelp eatting. (http://what-when-how.com/water-science/kelp-and-seaweed-water-science/ ) Sea urchins can adapt to both acidification and warming. (https://phys.org/news/2014-12-sea-urchins-antarctica-ocean-acidification.html )(Could be the water equivalent to cockroaches though their spikeless, toxicless starfish brethren don’t fare so well ? ) Not sure where the toxic cyanobacteria tides fit in here. Maybe, they will ultimately win out (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Oxygenation_Event ) liking heat, sunlight, acid and farm runoff (phosporous and nitrogen). Anyway, the whole thing, from methane plumes to human die off and back to the cyanobacteria oxygenating is just crying out for a comic book depiction or a fine melodic song. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 11:47 pm Cyanobacteria at the Gates! Nero fiddles! News at 11. hahaha. Reply ↓ witters May 9, 2017 at 2:51 am Is it exhibitionism? Reply ↓ craazyboy May 9, 2017 at 11:52 am Maybe. But in a slightly different vein, we did the Beatles already. Maybe pop culture is ready for The Blues & Greens punk blues band? Where’s Ed Sullivan when you need him? The pop movement would be called “The Atlantic Surge”, because it’s what we do nowadays. Reply ↓ Deadl E Cheese May 8, 2017 at 3:58 pm Now that Mechagodzilla has killed King Kong, looks like we are safe forever. Reply ↓ WobblyTelomeres May 8, 2017 at 3:23 pm “Even if California does pass single payer — and with an economy the size of France, they have the scale Vermont didn’t — what happens in a downtown? California is not a currency issuer… ” Neither is France. Or Greece. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 3:28 pm or the whole of Europe mostly, most of which have decent healthcare systems. So it’s probably all much less of a problem than everyone else from the entire U.S. coming to California to get healthcare if we got single payer. Because really whether or not it is funded by taxes, California CAN (oh yes most definitely CAN) afford it, but not if the entire country starts to see California as their option for free healthcare the day they decide to move here. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 4:29 pm The really annoying part being “immigrants” from Mexicao are dumping their $250/yr state plan and getting it somehow in CA. Weird thing about OCare at the low end of the scale is a gold or silver plan nets out the same price after rebate, if you are at poverty level. So a family of 6 can get gold plan coverage worth 100K a year with low co-pay and deductibles. No wonder the Rs are tweaked over that. Too bad they are about as creative as empty oil barrels beaten with a drumstick when it comes to creating functional alternatives. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 5:13 pm Too bad they are about as creative as empty oil barrels beaten with a drumstick when it comes to creating functional alternatives. I think this lack of creativity you speak of is a feature, not a bug. This way, whatever program they create will end up sucking, then they can rail against gov’t programs to the base, then laud the benefits of privatization to the donors, and finally either kill the aforementioned sucking program or privatize it for the benefit of a donor crony. You know, the whole ‘because markets, go die’ thing… Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 6:22 pm Kill it with lack of funding, or monetize it for cronies seems to be the modus operandi of the R’s and now the Ds. “The Bad Drive Out The Good”. QED I keep thinking it has to end, but how. The thought process keeps leading me to some kind of military coup. But those haven’t been great historically either. Plus, I be getting old and just wanted to golf a drink some beers. The past 10 years I’ve read 200 sci-fi and fantasy books. They all have political economy structures. I figure with 200 smart old humans exercising their speculative fiction powers, someone would have come up with a nice universe. But no:) Reply ↓ Another Anon May 8, 2017 at 9:22 pm Craazyboy, Just finished reading Kim Stanley Robinson’s latest novel “New York 2140”. Worth reading, and it is comforting to know that in the 22nd century, New York is still all about finance and real estate as that is mostly what the plot is about. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 9, 2017 at 12:02 am Haven’t got to that one yet. But soon. Just finished the Mistborn fantasy series by Brandon Sanderson. 3 novels, 700 pages a piece. Great too. It’s kinda like the 1st Testament 6 or 7 civilization collapses in the Future. Really. Tied my fantasy list for 1st place along with The Chronicles of Amber by Roger Zelazny and The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss. GOT ties for best film series. Reading The End Of All Things by John Scalzi. It’s the 4th novel in the Old Man’s War series ,one of my favs in the sci-fy category. It’s really getting good too. The political scamming among 400 Alien Races beats GOT! It starts – “It’s dark. I’m a disembodied brain in box. This is my story…” How can you not luv that?! So much made up stuff – so little time. Reply ↓ john k May 8, 2017 at 5:49 pm They pay less and get better care. How can that be a problem, financial or otherwise? Oh right, a political problem. How to craft a reasonably fair tax burden… taxing the companies, the employed, plus maybe consumers, in place of former insurance payments. Bearing in mind that the sickest and costliest of all, the over 65 group, are already covered. Oh right, the insurance companies might not like it. I think I found the problem! But wait… aren’t politicians elected to serve the people, not insurance companies? Reply ↓ Dandelion May 10, 2017 at 1:28 am Self employed nearing 60, not eligible for subsidies, the bronze plan for me priced out at $600/mo for a $6000 deductible and, I believe, 70/30 for in-network, 60/40 for out of network. One surgery could leave me with a $25k bill and that’s on top that of paying $7200 annually in premiums and assuming no out of network anesthesiologist showed up in the OR that day. I could be wrong about the split, but I do not think so — I do remember I was shocked it wasn’t the standard 80/20. I used to be a health insurance broker, so I was paying attention. Not at all impressed by Obamacare’s design. I’ve wondered if it could survive a 14th Amendment challenge because it treats citizens so very unequally based on geography alone. Medicare doesn’t ding you for traveling out of state to a place like the MD Andersen Center in Texas to see a specialist. Obamacare does. Reply ↓ Liberal Mole May 9, 2017 at 8:29 am The housing prices will stop them. I expect should this pass there will be a year or more long residency requirement before the healthcare kicks in. You should see the hurdles required by the UC system to prove you’ve actually moved to CA and can pay the in-state tuition. Reply ↓ Ronald Pires May 8, 2017 at 6:29 pm I assume that was supposed to be “. . . — what happens in a downturn? Exactly. Medical expenses typically go up in a downturm. California could go bankrupt. But additionally, California isn’t a closed pool. No state (except possibly Hawaii and Alaska) could be considered a closed pool. That means that if California did get single payer, sick people would flock to it. Wouldn’t you? Life and death? And there goes your budget; right out of control. Too many people talk insurance with nothing more than the experience with it of buying a few policies. Sorry, but state-based single payer — forget about Canada; we are not Canada — is a BAD IDEA. One state level failure, and we lose the argument for national single payer; the only single payer that will work. Reply ↓ Another Anon May 8, 2017 at 9:59 pm You raise a valid point, but couldn’t it still be financed by state taxes ? Reply ↓ Anonymous May 9, 2017 at 12:32 am This is another version of the argument that you cannot have universal healthcare *without* a border wall. If the entire planet wants to live in the US, the US system becomes unsustainable. Reply ↓ LT May 8, 2017 at 4:24 pm Re: The Bezzle: Wall-Mart Sensors I call it the “Desperation of the Internet of Things.” Stores following throughout your waking dys and maybe sleeping nights, desperate to keep spending on your mind. It really is a type of desperation. Reply ↓ pricklyone May 8, 2017 at 5:55 pm I’m still partial to the Amazon button things. When I go to relatives houses, I walk around and press all the buttons. They are well stocked with laundry soap, TP and the like. Just helping them be proactive, instead of reactive. Kidding, only kidding. Maybe. Reply ↓ Loblolly May 8, 2017 at 4:35 pm Why should I care about any issue other than the fact that I can’t pay my mortgage? Bring on MMT and throw the TPP right back into the trash. Out with the neo-libs, the neo-cons and the rest of the neo-feudalists. Defend the borders and no more foreign wars. We don’t need trade deals that export jobs or the oligarch backed politicians that support them. It’s less about making America great again, and more about what made America great in the first place:The idea that a nation and its government exists to serve all its people, not the ruling class. The number one problem in America is that Americans are being denied prosperity by the cancer that is cronyism. Climate change, immigration, trade, social justice and health care are all secondary issue and a distraction. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 4:58 pm It’s less about making America great again, and more about what made America great in the first place:The idea that a nation and its government exists to serve all its people, not the ruling class. I disagree and think the US propaganda machine has gotten the better of you here. The franchise was originally restricted to white male property owners, and excluded women, slaves, American Indians, those without property, and freed slaves in a number of states. Ergo, our government was formed by the ruling class and has been acting in their interest since its inception. The number one problem in America is that Americans are being denied prosperity by the cancer that is cronyism. While I agree with you wholeheartedly that this is a huge problem, I think the larger problem is that the average American perceives his or her self to be a “temporarily disgraced millionaire” as Steinbeck put it. Americans will not band together and admonish the rampant cronyism in this country because in their heart of hearts the average American really wants to be one of the landed gentry, and thinks that he/she will get there if they only work harder and save more. i.e. Americans won’t demand an excise tax on netjets memberships because they don’t wanna screw their future selves when they someday become affluent enough to afford fractional private jet ownership. Reply ↓ Dead Dog May 8, 2017 at 5:22 pm Americans will not band together and admonish the rampant cronyism in this country because in their heart of hearts the average American really wants to be one of the landed gentry, and thinks that he/she will get there if they only work harder and save more. Some truth in that. I also think we don’t band together when we are continually wedged by politicians. We are not encouraged to think that this a war against the working people. And, humans are tribal and can’t see our common cause Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 5:38 pm Dead Dog, You touch on some good stuff there! We aren’t encouraged to think in class terms; in fact our major propaganda organs have been very successful at convincing Americans of all classes that they’re part of the middle class. We’re also fed a steady diet of propaganda admonishing socialism and communism, and those espousing socialist and communist views have been at best marginalized by our society, and at worst jailed, blacklisted, beaten, or shot. As for human tribalistic tendencies, that is a reality I don’t have a solution for, especially in an ethnically, culturally, religiously, economically, and geographically diverse country like the United States. Reply ↓ Loblolly May 8, 2017 at 9:48 pm As for human tribalistic tendencies, that is a reality I don’t have a solution for, The answer is nationalism. A constructed meta-tribe to unite the disparate elements that make up a modern nation. Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 8, 2017 at 10:07 pm The breakdown of which is basically what the USA and other Western nations guilt-tripped into accepting migrant labor are dealing with right now. Smaller countries would work out much better, giving plutocracy less to lord over and the people a better ability to remove offensive leaders (like that “nobody ever died from not having access to health care” guy) from their power and from their midst, another problem with which the USA and other Western nations browbeaten into neoliberal globalism are dealing with right now. Even Athens had ōstrakon. Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money May 8, 2017 at 11:24 pm Re: American Class Consciousness It is simply fascinating that Americans don’t understand the class thing in the same way as us Alt-Europeans. I’m a Brit who knows what “Ivy League” means, and I have sat in the back US airliners which had demarcated seating arrangements, so the class thing is hardly hidden. I think that I heard that at some larger airports, the occupants of private jets are paying big bucks for accelerated passage through those inconvenient formalities (and who can blame them). If I ever get to fly first class again, I’ll have to contend with the fact that relatively, I’m still slumming it. I suppose that in a country with its feet so firmly planted in slavery, the civil war and its after-effects, the only classification that really counts in the polity is skin-colour. The rest – private education, wealth, etc counts for little in the minds of the majority. I would like to be absolutely in error on this! Give me some good arguments to the contrary someone! Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 8, 2017 at 5:51 pm The average American doesn’t demand anything (from the government) – we demand a lot from our waitresses (“Ms, this soup is too cold.”), truck drivers (“a robot could have done your job.”), etc – we merely pick one of the pre-selected candidates or issues (“Do I vote Bush or Obama?”). Reply ↓ Loblolly May 8, 2017 at 9:20 pm I’m no longer buying the Menken quote and it’s variants as a blanket dismissal of anyone who is not on board with everything the left has to say. I am not a temporarily embarrassed millionaire. I’m just a guy who wants to be able to make payments on my four acres and a Mazda without feeling like the rug’s being pulled out from under me. Maybe take a nice trip once in a while. That may put me in the wealthiest globally, but has absolutely no bearing on the arguments I make, however it keeps getting brought up and I’d like to nip it in the bud. The completely distorted costs of health care, education, housing and imported goods are to me not a rebuttal of capitalism but a a giant red flag that we need address what the sovereignity of a nation and its responsibility to it’s citizens really is. Frankly we’ve been paying lip service to that for a while now and austerity and recrimination are transparently self-serving excuses for bad governance from both parties. These are global problems and pointing out that the Founders were self-interested rich white men does not discount the greatness of the American experiment and it’s continued potential if we can find our way. Reply ↓ Loblolly May 8, 2017 at 9:41 pm i.e. Americans won’t demand an excise tax on netjets memberships because …. Why is another tax the only answer ever? I think most people rather than imagine themselves squillionaires, see how fast they can fall right to the bottom and would prefer not to empower the state any further. Many abhor the idea of yet another rapacious bureaucracy to justify higher taxation, which will do nothing to the rich who have clever accountants and the aforementioned Netjets to flee in. Our economy is basically centrally planned by greedy idiots enabled by the vassel class and the people are sick of it. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 9, 2017 at 2:10 am Reforming the tax system was a nice simple Overton-window friendly way of making my point. I agree that the rich and their mandarins would simply game the net jets tax, and we’d end up creating a whole new bureaucracy just to enforce the darn thing. My ‘brass tacks’ solution to dealing with the net jets crowd isn’t really suitable for publication here on NC, and I’ll leave it at that. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 4:35 pm RE: Pig Bank Thanks for posting this story! Reading the daily links and water cooler can get depressing at times. Reading stories like that gives me hope for our impending post-imperial future. Reply ↓ LT May 8, 2017 at 4:49 pm Re: NY Times…subsidizing healthcare Like sports related injuries? Many that have effects later in life for even non-professionals? Reply ↓ anon May 8, 2017 at 5:33 pm Re Spiva: pt one free speech and association. pt two, there are no state interests in the ‘primaries’ of private clubs and the state only has an interest once the candidate is selected for the ‘general’….. seems consistent with Spiva’s position. Reply ↓ 3.14e-9 May 8, 2017 at 5:37 pm Re: Trump Hotel > Key fact buried in the story: The building was once a United States Post Office, so this is not only a uglification story, it’s a privatization story. That is, a neoliberalism story. (Democrat Diane Feinstein’s squillionaire husband, Richard Bloom, is in the same racket.) The Trump Organization isn’t the first private company to lease the Old Post Office from the federal government, which in any case has always owned the land. The Old Post Office actually was going to be torn down in the 1970s, but it ended up being redeveloped in the 1980s as part of a revitalization project to do something with Pennsylvania Avenue, which at the time was one big, ugly construction/demolition site, unsafe to walk through at night. The restoration of the old Willard Hotel also was part of that plan. I was interning with The Associated Press when the PO reopened as the Old Post Office Pavilion, a mix of retail and office space developed by Hill Partners, which specialized in shopping malls. Although the pre-opening press event included free food – a surefire way to attract reporters and get good coverage – it was after normal work hours, and anyway, it was just a fluff piece, so the assignment went to the intern. The only thing I remember is the example the food court chef used to demonstrate how to visually appeal to customers: always make sure, she said, that strawberries are displayed with the tips pointing up. When I read that Trump took it over, I wondered what happened to the Old PO Pavilion, but didn’t bother to look it up until now. Apparently, the developer was losing money and ended the contract. GSA tried to get someone else to take it over, but there were so many restrictions on development due to the building being on the Historic Register that few would touch it. To get the contract, Trump had to agree to several provisions, including maintaining access to the tower for Park Service tours. Ironically, the building is right next door the national headquarters of the IRS. Speaking of which … As far as I can tell, the enterprise of the Feinstein-Blooms is something else altogether, although it does indeed appear to be a racket. I always wondered what the USPS was doing building all those new buildings, when the old ones were perfectly serviceable. Reply ↓ Optimader May 8, 2017 at 5:53 pm Craazyboy–I feel zero guilt about being an “old white male professional” … Muddy Waters was my neighbor and he accepted me for these “flaws”, so that counts for something, right? Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 6:06 pm Muddy!!! He be my Grandpappy! I been to the prof white blues bars on the near north side and did seen Muddy and Koko Taylor do the Wang Dang Doodle a bunch of times! Even a John Travolta Disco Bump version that had everyone busting a gut. Been to Eddie Shaw’s Place down in de soud si too. That be scaryier, but fun once we got settled in. Hubert Sumlin invited us to play. Said the last white folk he’d seen be the Rolling Stones. Said he had to show Keith the right way to play guitar. Keith done learned good! Goodtimes. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 6:55 pm Guitar lesson! Honky Tonk Women https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1AAs7bAvmU Reply ↓ Optimader May 8, 2017 at 8:38 pm Good stuff CB– Take the time to watch this, an outake from a (great) dvd of an evening at Buddy Guy’s Checkerboard lounge. Fantastic grit. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3Or7huOK7o&app=desktop Muddy Waters & The Rolling Stones – Baby Please Don’t Go – Live At Checkerboard Lounge This is when i knew him, freshly minted out of college and none of us had two nickels to rub together – late nights and cheap beer -the blues and punk scene in Chicago. Great times What blows me away is how long ago it was! Probably the majority of posters here weren’t even born yet https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Checkerboard_Lounge Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 8:57 pm Wow! The Stones traveled with eye candy! That be ’75 and ’76 ! Then at bar closing, over to Greek Town for gyros at the Parthenon. Or just about anywhere for Chicago Deep Dish Pizza. About $20 for 5Lbs – mostly real cheese! Then, finally sneak your way past Cabrini-Green and slowly make your way back to the NW suburbs. Reply ↓ Optimader May 8, 2017 at 9:54 pm Cabrini-Green ag night was like drjving through Beruit http://www.chibarproject.com/Memoriam/O'Banion's/O'Banion's.htm Reply ↓ Optimader May 8, 2017 at 9:56 pm Cabrini-Green at night was like driving through Beirut. Stop signs were a mere formality. http://www.chibarproject.com/Memoriam/O'Banion's/O'Banion's.htm One of my favorite haunts Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 11:34 pm Main stomping ground here too. Clark St. was like a open air party back then – and the hotties came out in summertime! Hot pants and halter tops everywhere. Like visiting The House of the Rising Son! Ya, Cabrini-Green was a bummer. I have a theory that cigars are a gateway drug to guns. All being a testosterone thing, dontcha know. I’m sure Obama knew this too and that explains why he is adamant about charging smokers 50% more for OCare. They’ll just transition to guns and premiums go up even more! Some people claim ammo cartridges aren’t guns, then try and make a similar silly argument for penises. But why do they always make things so complicated?? Whenever I mull around this line of thinking, I just decide to run all the stop signs, too! Reply ↓ Optimader May 9, 2017 at 9:52 am Gateway drug: Menthol Cools and a pint of Night Train. To. be fair a gyros at 2:30am might be one too? Oh well, correlation is not causation… “are those fireworks? No thats a clip of .22 shorts.” Those were unique times before ccd cameras and militarized police most people wete allowed to just shamble home after another lesson or two learned Reply ↓ Optimader May 9, 2017 at 10:04 am Ok One more for you on this off topic thread 950 The Lucky Number http://www.chibarproject.com/Default.aspx?PageID=16331830&A=SearchResult&SearchID=11022549&ObjectID=16331830&ObjectType=1 Reply ↓ ChiGal in Carolina May 9, 2017 at 1:51 am Thanks for the blast from the past, I remember the place well, guy wearing a fedora at the door greeting everyone at the door, dis da place – but that’s the real Checkerboard Lounge, on 43rd St in the ‘hood. Nothing to do with the cleaned up South Loop club opened up years after the original closed by Buddy Guy. Was lucky enough to see Muddy back in the day, and Sunnyland Slim had a gig every Saturday night at the Cornell on 53rd, no cover. Those were the days… Reply ↓ Optimader May 9, 2017 at 9:55 am Chigal–Get a copy of this, you will enjoy it https://www.amazon.com/Waters-Rolling-Stones-Checkerboard-Chicago/dp/B0085KGHI6 On November 22nd, 1981, in the middle of their mammoth American tour, the Rolling Stones arrived in Chicago prior to playing 3 nights at the Rosemont Horizon. Long influenced by the Chicago blues, the band paid a visit to Muddy Waters club the Checkerboard Lounge to see the legendary bluesman perform. It didn t take long before Mick Jagger, Keith Richards, Ronnie Wood and Ian Stewart were joining in on stage and later Buddy Guy and Lefty Dizz also played their part. It was a unique occasion that was fortunately captured on camera. Now, restored from the original footage and with sound mixed and mastered by Bob Clearmountain, this amazing blues night is being made available in an official release for the first time. / Performers: Muddy Waters (vocals, guitar); Mick Jagger (vocals); Keith Richards (guitar); Ronnie Wood (guitar); Ian Stewart (piano); Buddy Guy (vocals, guitar); Lefty Dizz (vocals, guitar); Junior Wells (harmonica, vocals); George Mojo Buford (harmonica); Lovie Lee (piano); Earnest Johnson (bass); Ray Allison (drums); John Primer (guitar); Rick Kreher (guitar); Nick Charles (bass) / Track Listing: 1) Sweet Little Angel 2) Flip Flop And Fly 3) Muddy Waters Introduction 4) You Don t Have To Go 5) Country Boy 6) Baby Please Don’t Go 7) Hoochie Coochie Man 8) Long Distance Call 9) Mannish Boy 10) Got My Mojo Working 11) Next Time You See Me 12) One Eyed Woman 13) Baby Please Don’t Go (Instrumental) 14) Blow Wind Blow 15) Champagne & Reefer To the RS merit, they all showed up to his home to pay respects at his funeral.. as did eric clapton and others. MW was a good guy in a tough as in easily unhealthy “business” Reply ↓ Optimader May 8, 2017 at 5:56 pm I dearly wish some developer would come up with a clever plan for the Chicago Post Office Building https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_Chicago_Main_Post_Office (Sorry for the odd repost) Reply ↓ 3.14e-9 May 8, 2017 at 6:58 pm Not odd to me, Optimader. In fact, there are some parallels with the Old Post Office in Washington, which was finished in 1899 and used as a PO for only 15 years. It took almost 70 years before it got a makeover, and even then, it didn’t work out. It seems to have been doomed from the very beginning, both for its ugliness — it was called “a cross between a cathedral and a cotton mill — and its hi-tech (for the time) features gone wrong. The first postmaster died after falling 90 feet into an open elevator shaft. At least the Chicago building isn’t being overrun by Russians. Clever, that Bloomberg writer, to find so many ways to work in references to Russia. Reply ↓ ewmayer May 8, 2017 at 6:01 pm Re. Trade: “Economists have started modeling” — am I the only one here who thinks those four words, thusly arranged, may well be the most dangerous in the English lexicon? Though “America is already great” is right up there, too. [Joy Reid’s “We need a global conversation” a few column-inches further down is surely on the short list for the 5-word version of the Most Dangerous list.] Reply ↓ LT May 8, 2017 at 6:36 pm On France’s election: They should have voted Melanchon. 1) The hissy fit from the establishment would have really revealed a lot 2) When he backtracked on his platform, they could have said: “You really got me there. Didn’t see that coming.” At least get screwed in a new way. Reply ↓ Massinissa May 8, 2017 at 8:17 pm Melenchon couldn’t get in the 2nd round because the so-called ‘Socialist’ center left Benoit Hamon wouldn’t drop out of the damn race even though he was in fifth place. Pretty sure Hamon only stayed in the race because he knew he could stop the anti-establishment Melenchon from facing Macron in the second round. Melenchon might not have been able to beat Macron either, but I bet it would have been closer than the landslide he won against Le Pen. Reply ↓ vidimi May 9, 2017 at 6:43 am i think that’s BS. hamon didn’t cause mélonchon’s loss any more than jill stein caused hillary clinton’s. most of hamon’s voters were socialist party loyalists from the bourgeoisie who hate mélonchon and would have just voted for macron, and not mélonchon, instead. i do think that hamon is a patsy candidate, though, and manuel valls is waiting in the wings to take over. Reply ↓ Murph May 8, 2017 at 7:39 pm Since there’s some MMT discussion today I thought I’d take the opportunity to ask about something that has bugged me for a while. Can anyone explain or link to something explaining bank credit creation in relation the the sectoral balances? I’m realizing I do not have a handle on that at all. Do the newly created deposits show up in the private sector balance, ultimately flowing into p.s. savings and leaking to foreign sector/Tax payments? Does private credit creation even have a place in the sectoral balances framework, or am I confusing stocks and flows here? Any insight would be very much appreciated! Reply ↓ Mel May 8, 2017 at 9:36 pm I’m still puzzling this out; my guess is that borrowed money is totally versatile, and until the borrower does something with it, it doesn’t belong to any sectoral balance at all. If they pay taxes with it, it increases T. If they buy imported goods, it increases M. If they just spend it locally, as they often do, it increases C, and that drops out of the sectoral balances equation altogether. Take this with a grain of salt. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 9, 2017 at 12:15 am Now that everything is collateral, flow never stops until it’s captured in a coffee can, butterfly net, or tax haven. Seriously. Reply ↓ witters May 9, 2017 at 3:07 am I was going to write: “Seriously? hahaha” (Damn, I’ve gone and done it!) But then the Stones. This one is for you, my man. https://duckduckgo.com/?q=rolling+stones+think+I%27m+going+mad&t=ffab&atb=v59-6&ia=videos&iax=1&iai=ni7pLGyGpRw Reply ↓ witters May 9, 2017 at 3:17 am Ah rushed things. This is the best version: http://www.spiked-online.com/spiked-review/article/nietzsches-enlightenment#.WRDlyojyvb0 Reply ↓ José May 9, 2017 at 7:55 am A useful framework for analyzing the effects of bank credit creation is the Krugman cross diagram as interpreted and completed by Scott Fullwiler. If that new credit is spent into the economy (more consumption or investment) then GDP will rise and this will likely result in a lower government deficit (higher tax receipts and lower transfers on items such as unemployment subsidies), a higher current account deficit (more net imports) and a decrease in net private sector saving. As an illustration, if the starting point was a government deficit of – say – 20, with 15 of net private sector saving and a current account deficit of 5 then in the end we might see the government deficit decrease to (say) 10, the current account deficit rise to 6 and the net saving of the private sector go down to 4. See here for a summing up by Scott Fullwiler: http://neweconomicperspectives.org/2009/07/sector-financial-balances-model-of-aggregate-demand.html Reply ↓ Mel May 9, 2017 at 8:18 am Thanks. I’ll get onto this, but no guarantee that I’ll understand it this month. JKH has some interesting comments in there that may clarify what the sectoral balances approach uses for the definition of I-for-investment. Reply ↓ Murph May 9, 2017 at 8:34 am Thanks, I will read this at lunch today! Reply ↓ Mel May 9, 2017 at 8:06 am Thinking about it overnight, it seems to me that if money flows into the government sector via Taxation or into the foreign sector via eXports, then the complementary flow from the private sector would have to be called Investment, because that is the only flow that does that. Reply ↓ Murph May 9, 2017 at 8:37 am That definitely makes sense. I might really just be over thinking this and confusing myself. Reply ↓ José May 9, 2017 at 2:06 pm In the sectoral balances approach what we have is net private sector savings – meaning private sector savings minus private investment. Reply ↓ UserFriendly May 10, 2017 at 12:30 am Some people already touched on this but the sectoral balance equation is: Government Sector + Private Sector + Trade Balance = 0. Households and banks are both in the private sector so they don’t figure in to that equation. So when a private bank makes a loan it does create money, but as soon as that money is paid back it disappears. So technically that is money creation. Every time a loan gets taken out, (by the government or by the private sector) that creates money. Every time the government monetizes it’s debt (Spends more than it takes in without bonding) it also creates money. That one took me a while to get my head around too. Reply ↓ LT May 8, 2017 at 8:51 pm Re: Medium…Integrity: Dividing the left Things the Democratic Party true believers refuse to understand: 1) The oligarchs aren’t going to let their politician servants impeach and embarras another oligarch. It would hurt their image and their desire to see the country continue worshipping oligarchs and wealth 2) The Russiophobia is one of the best distractions they have going while the grand theft continues 3) The Democratic Party is using it as a fundraiser 4) The faux left thinks it’s a good enough trick to roll it out internationally Reply ↓ different clue May 8, 2017 at 9:02 pm I scanned that list of possible PrezRunners for the DemParty side. Some of them, if nominated, would make me vote for Trump all over again. Trump v. Biden? McCaulliffe? Zuckerberg? Booker? Cuomo? Some other names I can’t remember this far downthread? Trump all the way. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 8, 2017 at 9:14 pm From Consortium News. Democratic Establishment types blaming everyone else for Trump: https://consortiumnews.com/2017/05/08/dems-still-blaming-others-for-trump I think that blaming themselves would expose the insanity of their politics and their real string pullers, the rich. Also from Consortium News : https://consortiumnews.com/2017/05/03/hillary-clinton-blame-shifts-her-defeat/ Yep, their take on Clinton’s loss in line with NCers. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 8, 2017 at 9:33 pm Re Kos: All those redundant, repetitive slams and takedowns ( love the wrestling allusions) of Kos and dkos. And Hillary. Our pejorative is miles better than theirs, I guess. How about a few words of longing for the America I grew up in, learned to love and enlisted to go fight for? Captured, in its essential, quintessential essence, in this bit of YouTube-ery: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k-_i2I3lpF4 I laugh, that I shall not weep… Reply ↓ Dontknowitall May 9, 2017 at 8:13 am Re Lambert’s “A “global conversation” instead of a “national conversation.” (I’m starting to see the word “global” in liberal catchphrases in places I’m not used to seeing it.)” Thinking of the recent Obama interference in the French election for Macron (after he had acquired a comfortable lead) and the shenanigans with his library I suspect this global conversation stuff is the laying of the land for either an Obama foundation business line to collect from banksters or the restart of the Clinton foundation business with an eye to 2020 Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 9, 2017 at 10:52 pm Ol’ Hari Seldon had it all thought out, per Asimov in his “Foundation” series — particularly “Foundation and Empire.” How it all goes together… Who’s the H. Seldon of this age? http://zompist.com/psihist.html Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton May 9, 2017 at 5:11 pm I don’t pretend to be an economist, nor do I play one on TV. Indeed, I actively avoided taking economics in college. So, I sincerely ask those who do know what they’re talking about if the following is a reasonable way to explain how governments work. What most people believe You are a baker. You have run out of bread. In order to have more bread, you must either buy or borrow it from other bakers. How it actually works You are a baker. You run out of bread. You bake more bread. I understand that’s probably way overly simplified. I’m mainly just fishing to see whether I understand how it works. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 9, 2017 at 11:00 pm Add one line to your “what people believe:” “Or steal it from other bakers, or defraud them out of it.” Or add a regulation to the Code of Federal Regulations that defines a brick of certain dimensions and composition to be a loaf of bread. (Note to all you libertarians and other selfish people: taxation is not (supposed to be) theft. Caveat for corruption and regulatory and legislative capture. And hold up your hands — how many of you, in your heart of hearts, applaud the use of taxation to “kill your neighbor’s cow,” in Lambert’s re-telling of the peasant and genie folk tale? Especially if you get a side of the beef out of it? And mean(s) testing indigents, and “workfare?” Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Lambert Strether on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/9/2017> a new acronym other than QE, to... Lambert Strether on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/9/2017+100 Lambert Strether on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/9/2017> At least four different sensors That's not... Lambert Strether on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/9/2017I'm worried about the "seam" between the GPS... TheCatSaid on Will Trump’s Firing of FBI Director James Comey Be His Saturday Night Massacre? (Updated)Comey's firing makes perfect sense if one has... Topics Africa (20) Australia (129) Auto industry (95) Banana republic (3,050) Banking industry (4,658) Brexit (54) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (571) Commodities (459) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,631) Curiousities (273) Currencies (908) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,485) Dubious statistics (584) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,788) Energy markets (511) Environment (462) Europe (629) Federal Reserve (1,269) Free markets and their discontents (1,437) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (333) Globalization (1,110) Guest Post (6,595) Health care (396) Hedge funds (418) Income disparity (983) India (18) Infrastructure (80) Investment banks (745) Investment management (503) Investment outlook (854) Japan (204) Legal (1,912) Links (3,077) Macroeconomic policy (979) Market inefficiencies (231) Media appearances (74) Media watch (875) Middle East (149) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (292) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,077) Private equity (517) Privatization (71) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,606) Ridiculously obvious scams (459) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (240) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,030) Social values (1,799) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (387) Technology and innovation (463) The destruction of the middle class (1,370) The dismal science (1,468) TPP (84) UK (120) Water Cooler (670) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Sports News Entertainment Opinion 74° Full Menu 74° Customer Service Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Advertise Place Classified Ad Display Advertising Stay Connected Mobile Facebook Twitter E-mail RSS Feeds My Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Manage Account E-Edition Newsletters News News Local Crime Weather Education Marijuana California Nation/World Databases Special Reports Obituaries Death Notices Blogs Political Notebook Sports Sports High Schools Outdoors Grizzlies MLB MLB Scores & Stats NBA NBA Scores & Stats NFL NFL Scores & Stats College Columnists Andy Boogaard Marek Warszawski David White Politics Politics Elections Voter Guide Fresno State Bulldogs Fresno State Bulldogs Football Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie Times Music TV Theater & Arts Comics Puzzles & Games Dine Out Peoples Choice Blogs & Columnists Beehive Rory Appleton Rick Bentley Donald Munro Joshua Tehee Living Living Food & Drink Calendar Religion Horoscopes Blogs & Columnists Beehive Brew Buzz Bethany Clough Carmen George Fresno Famous Ask Amy Business Business Agriculture Personal Finance Technology Mortgage Rates Blogs BoNhia Lee Opinion Opinion Editorials Letters Valley Voices Other Opinions SW Parra Submit a Letter Columnists Armen Bacon Victor Davis Hanson David "Mas" Masumoto Bill McEwen Obituaries Today's Obituaries Place an Obituary CV Magazine Shopping Local Deals Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Special Sections Classifieds Classifieds Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Real Estate New Homes Map Jobs Automotive Merchandise Pets Legal Notices Service Directory Place An Ad Classified Open House Weekend Real Estate Marketplace Jobs Jobs Fresno Bee Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Search Real Estate New Homes Map Real Estate Showcase Shopping Funeral services for Austin Wagenleitner will be held at 11 a.m. Tuesday at New Harvest Church. Wagenleitner, 20, died last week in a car crash on Highway 168, about 40 miles east of Fresno. Courtesy Wagenleitner family Local May 08, 2017 8:09 PM He was just 20, the oldest of six siblings, and his funeral is Tuesday By Bryant-Jon Anteola bjanteola@fresnobee.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Austin William Wagenleitner, one of two men who died in a car crash along the foothills of Highway 168 last week, will have his funeral service held at 11 a.m. Tuesday at New Harvest Church. Mr. Wagenleitner was 20 years old. As the oldest of six children, Mr. Wagenleitner was a big brother, a farmer and enjoyed hobbies, such as making beats and wood-working, as well as visiting the mountains and beach. He was a proud big brother who often boasted about his siblings. Candice Wagenleitner, the mother of Austin Wagenleitner, posted on her Facebook wall “He was a proud big brother who often boasted about his siblings,” mother Candice Wagenleitner posted on her Facebook wall. “He worked for his grandfather farming raisins and was just hired by Walmart to work as an associate in their hardware department. “He attended New Harvest Church with his family and participated in the college group at Northside Christian Church. He was loved by many and will be greatly missed.” Meanwhile, a gofundme.com page has been created in honor of Aaron Beasley, who also died in the car crash, to help raise money for his family. As of Monday evening, the page had received $5,950 with a goal of $15,000. $15,000 The goal on the gofundme.com page that honors Aaron Beasley Mr. Beasley was 19. He had been working at J&S Pools the past few months, enjoyed racing dune buggies and visiting Pismo Beach. “His heart was felt by everyone he spent time with,” mother Sarah Young Beasley wrote in a family statement. “He loved his family, friends and the great outdoors. His loving heart, contagious smile and big blue eyes will be missed by all.” On May 1, the car that carried Mr. Wagenleitner and Mr. Beasley, as well as survivor Jason Kirby, somehow landed down a steep, rocky embankment near the four-lane highway about a mile west of Beal Fire Road, between Auberry and Shaver Lake.   The men left Clovis about 9:30 p.m. Monday night. The crash is believed to have occurred about 11 p.m. The crash remains under investigation by the Fresno County Sheriff’s Office. Bryant-Jon Anteola: (559) 441-6362, @Banteola_TheBee Remembering Austin Wagenleitner FAREWELL FUNERAL SERVICE Info: 11 a.m. Tuesday at New Harvest Church Age: Mr. Wagenleitner was 20 years old A gofundme.com page has been set up in honor of Aaron Beasley to help his family. Beasley, 19, died May 1, 2017, in a car crash about 40 miles east of Fresno on Highway 168. Courtesy Beasley family LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago What happens in a rape kit exam? 2:11 a day ago What happens in a rape kit exam? 1:23 a day ago Crews clear snow from Tioga Pass 1:39 a day ago Watch Plain White T's stop by Hanford View More Video Local Weed mower causes fire in west-central Fresno 30 cows were stranded and starving. Good thing Merced’s sheriff is a real cowboy. This alleged burglar ruined lunch hour for a Visalia taqueria You can soon add weed to everything else you can pick up in Vegas If new law passes, this acclaimed tech high school won’t need five-year renewals Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery e-Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile Options Mobile Alerts Newsletters RSS Advertising Advertising with the Bee Place Classified Ads Classified Ad Help Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Walt Disney Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Crocs (CROX) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Carpenter Technology (CRS) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact E I Du Pont De Nemours And (DD) Share Price Walt Disney (DIS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Deutsche Bank AG (DB) Stock Price Asset Management Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $24.723 Million Stake in Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Raises Stake in athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $26.123 Million Position in TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $27.215 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Maintains Position in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 112,062 Shares of Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Position Cut by Handelsbanken Fonder AB Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases 21,496 Shares of First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Continues to Hold Position in Aramark (ARMK) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Acquires New Position in Weibo Corp (WB) Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases New Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Takes Position in Momo Inc (MOMO) Wayfair Inc (W) Insider Sells $73,125.00 in Stock Walt Disney (DIS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) has trended somewhat positive on Monday, Alpha One Sentiment reports. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Walt Disney earned a news impact score of 0.22 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media headlines about the entertainment giant an impact score of 15 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is very unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. These are some of the news stories that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: Walt Disney’s (DIS) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Rosenblatt Securities (americanbankingnews.com) Vive La France: Election Out Of The Way, Focus Returns To Earnings And Data – Benzinga (benzinga.com) Earnings Preview: NVDA Reports First-Quarter Results Tomorrow – Benzinga (benzinga.com) EOD Risers: Verizon Communications Inc., Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Walt Disney Co – DirectorsTalk Interviews (directorstalkinterviews.com) Disney – Trade It! – Seeking Alpha (seekingalpha.com) Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) traded down 0.51% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $111.42. 5,980,139 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Walt Disney has a 12-month low of $90.32 and a 12-month high of $116.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $113.23 and a 200 day moving average price of $106.30. The company has a market cap of $176.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.11 and a beta of 1.25. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Rosenblatt Securities reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $125.00 price target (up previously from $120.00) on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Monday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “conviction-buy” rating and set a $138.00 price target on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Loop Capital downgraded shares of Walt Disney from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $115.00 to $114.44 in a report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Pivotal Research reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $85.00 price target on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Sunday, April 23rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating, eighteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $116.58. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Walt Disney (DIS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/walt-disney-dis-receiving-somewhat-positive-press-coverage-report-finds.html. In other news, EVP Brent Woodford sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $114.50, for a total value of $229,000.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 27,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,176,802.50. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 13.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Walt Disney The Walt Disney Company is an entertainment company. The Company operates in four business segments: Media Networks, Parks and Resorts, Studio Entertainment, and Consumer Products & Interactive Media. The media networks segment includes cable and broadcast television networks, television production and distribution operations, domestic television stations, and radio networks and stations. Receive News & Ratings for Walt Disney Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - May 10 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Wed May 10, 2017 | 12:22am EDT PRESS DIGEST - Wall Street Journal - May 10 May 10 The following are the top stories in the Wall Street Journal. Reuters has not verified these stories and does not vouch for their accuracy. - President Donald Trump unexpectedly fired FBI Director James Comey, citing his handling of the investigation into Hillary Clinton's email server. on.wsj.com/2q0YqCi - Trump approved plans to directly arm Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State in Syria, U.S. officials said Tuesday, paving the way for an offensive against the extremist group's de facto capital but angering Turkish allies who view the Kurdish fighters as terrorists. on.wsj.com/2q10hHr - Ford Motor Co's directors are pressing Chief Executive Mark Fields to sharpen his strategy as the company races to catch up on electric cars, reverse its shrinking market share in the U.S. and buoy its languishing stock price, according to people familiar with the situation. on.wsj.com/2q0TvRP - U.S. authorities have asked Wal-Mart Stores Inc to pay $300 million to settle a five-year investigation into foreign bribery, according to a person familiar with the talks, a penalty far less than what the Obama administration had sought. on.wsj.com/2q0S6un - The U.S. Senate on Tuesday voted 57-42, mostly along party lines, to confirm Scott Gottlieb as the new commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration. on.wsj.com/2q0SpFA - The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau signaled it aims to play a larger role in overseeing the market for small-business lending, launching an inquiry into whether small companies have enough access to credit. on.wsj.com/2q0Sf0S (Compiled by Bengaluru newsroom) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News AstraZeneca's asthma drug fails in study May 10 Drugmaker AstraZeneca Plc said its asthma drug failed to meet the main goal of significantly reducing the annual asthma exacerbation rate in a late-stage study. Israel's Wix.com raises 2017 outlook, Q1 loss narrows JERUSALEM, May 10 Wix.com, which helps small businesses build and operate websites, reported on Wednesday a jump in revenue and a narrower loss for the first quarter, and raised its outlook for 2017. Greek 10-year govt bond yield lowest since 2012 debt restructuring - Tradeweb LONDON, May 10 The yield on a long-term Greek government bond has hit its lowest level since its restructuring in 2012, according to Tradeweb data. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Home News Archive Pharmaceuticals Food & Beverage Electronics & Industrial Cosmetics & Personal Care Clothing & Accessories Security Documents & IT Tobacco Products Consumer Goods & Media Events Jobs Supplier Directory Free Papers & Media Paid Research SUBSCRIBE Sector Homepages Pharmaceuticals Food & Beverage Electronics & Industrial Cosmetics & Personal Care Clothing & Accessories Security Documents & IT Home News Archive Pharmaceuticals Food & Beverage Electronics & Industrial Cosmetics & Personal Care Clothing & Accessories Security Documents & IT Tobacco Products Consumer Goods & Media Events Jobs Supplier Directory Free Papers & Media Paid Research SUBSCRIBE Pharmaceuticals Food & Beverage Electronics & Industrial Cosmetics & Personal Care Clothing & Accessories Security Documents & IT Tobacco Products Consumer Goods & Media Tracking opioid supply chain "not enough" to fight illicit trade Phil Taylor, 09-May-2017 Diversion of opioid analgesics into the black market is fuelling an addiction epidemic that cannot be solved by the traceability system being developed for the US, says an addiction specialist. A far bigger problem – according to Bryn Wesch of Novus Medical Detox Center – is that companies are knowingly oversupplying the market and not being held to account for their actions, claiming the supply chain is too fragmented and complex to be monitored effectively. Some manufacturers are citing the upcoming serialization and tamper-evidence provisions of the Drug Supply Chain Security Act (DSCSA) as evidence they are meeting their ethical requirements to make sure the products are used responsibly, but Wesch is unimpressed. "Tracking [opioids] will only help if we require the manufacturers and wholesalers to be held liable for over supplying and not knowing the customers sufficiently enough to prevent the medication from getting into the hands of doctors and pharmacies that are not responsibly prescribing," she tells SecuringIndustry.com. "When a company like Mallinckrodt can supply 500m pills to the state of Florida in a five year period of time - which represents 66 per cent of all oxycodone sold in the state - and not be held liable for 'not knowing the customer' … claiming it is too hard to manage the number of companies in their channels - we can't call that enforcement," she continues. The Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) took Mallinckrodt to task over the situation, launching the first-ever lawsuit against a pharma manufacturer for allegedly violating laws designed to prevent diversion. Six years later the company settled for $34m – admitting no wrongdoing. In similar cases, wholesale distributor McKesson was fined $150m in January while its rival Cardinal Health settled for $44m in January - having already agreed to pay $20m to West Virginia which has been hard hit by the opioid epidemic. The DEA – which has itself come in for accusations that its leadership blocked efforts to tackle the problem - thinks those numbers show the tide is turning and that distributors are "getting the message" that pleading ignorance is no longer a valid defence. It doesn't go far enough for Wesch, who wants the opioid manufacturers in the frame as well as tougher laws and penalties. "We have to get to the manufacturers to pay. If the DEA can’t successfully prosecute them because they are within the limits of the law, then we have to change the laws. Until the legislation can catch up, I support the idea of taxing them for all their controlled substance sales and using the money to support treatment for all the people addicted in the US." According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), 42 Americans died every day in 2015 from opiate overdoses. And it is equally clear is that the opioid addiction epidemic is having a dramatic impact on communities in the US, and seems to disproportionately affect some demographic groups including those on a low-income or otherwise disadvantaged. Last month, the Cherokee Nation filed a lawsuit against six drug distributors and pharmacies, including Wal-Mart, CVS and Walgreens and the three biggest wholesalers AmerisourceBergen, McKesson and Cardinal Health, accusing them of not doing enough to stop millions of addictive painkiller tablets flooding their communities and harming their people. The numbers in the lawsuit make for stark reading. Drug overdose deaths have soared 167 per cent of late, and Oklahoma - where the Cherokee Nation is based - leads the US for opioid prescription rates. All told, 845m milligrams of opioids were distributed in the 14 counties that span Cherokee Nation in 2015 – which according to some sources means that each prescription opioid user in the Cherokee Nation received between 360 and 720 pills. The pharma industry "uses lobbyists to put pressure on Washington on their behalf and lessen the penalties like in the Cardinal Health and Mallinkrodt cases [and this] is only fuelling the problem," says Wesch. "They need to start paying for their lack of social responsibility. I support Cherokee Nation bringing the cause of action against the pharmacies and believe we should bring more legal pressure to all levels involved from manufacturers to distributors." For adults within the Cherokee Nation, overdose deaths now outnumber deaths due to car accidents, according to tribal leaders. "These companies must be held accountable for their gross negligence, which has fuelled the opioid epidemic. We deserve better," said Cherokee Nation Attorney General Todd Hembree. "They enabled prescription opioids to fall into illicit distribution channels, failed to alert regulators of extreme volume, and incentivized sales of these drugs with financial bonuses. We will not stand by while children are born addicted to opioids and our citizens die." Related articles: Florida looks to strengthen laws on counterfeit opioids US city sues OxyContin maker claiming black market failings Police organization calls on lawmakers to pass STOP act FDA draws flack over transparency at criminal unit More US states move to ban unlicensed opioid drug US DEA steps up warnings about "crazy dangerous" carfentanil Counterfeit hydrocodone claims lives in the US      Want our news sent directly to your inbox? © SecuringIndustry.com Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Phil Taylor 09-May-2017   Print   Email Author Related articles: Florida looks to strengthen laws on counterfeit opioids US city sues OxyContin maker claiming black market failings Police organization calls on lawmakers to pass STOP act FDA draws flack over transparency at criminal unit More US states move to ban unlicensed opioid drug US DEA steps up warnings about "crazy dangerous" carfentanil Counterfeit hydrocodone claims lives in the US FREE Papers Paid Research Events Leveraging anti-counterfeiting technology to secure the serialized supply chain for pharmaceuticals Why Inspector-Led Authentication is Here to Stay (and Better Than Ever) StellaGuard™ Security Label from Covectra: Converging Smart Technologies To Provide Universal Brand Protection The Financial Cost of Fraud 2017 Coding challenges and solutions for companies operating in the beverage canning sector Fight against counterfeiting by empowering your consumers - The smartphone: a new tool to spot fake products Confronting coding challenges in the cable and wire industries PMMI Report Free Executive Summary: Brand Protection & Product Traceability 2016 How Manufacturers Should Work Closely with the Big 3 and HDMA Wholesalers to Comply with DSCSA in 2017 and Beyond - Part 2 European Migrant Crisis: Impacts on the Supply Chain The role of new technologies in combatting counterfeiting and illicit trade Serialization: The Crossroads of Supply & Demand Safeguarding the safeguards – how to secure your authentication platform The Business Value of Serialization, Part I: 'Many Happy Returns' How Data Standards, Serialization & Authentication Correlate in Coding of Products Connecting The Enterprise Through Serialization Serialization for the Premium Beverage Industry: A Solution for Brand Integrity Tamper-proof Pharmaceutical Packaging: FMD & the Future of Closure Seals Standardization The data debate: management, retention and authentication of product data in the context of the EU falsified medicines directive Beyond item level serialisation: extending traceability schemes to secondary and tertiary packaging Why Manufacturers Should Work Closely with Wholesalers to Comply with DSCSA: Part 1 What Are We Doing About Prescription Painkiller Abuse? Safeguarding Opioid Supply (SOS) via a 'Diamond of Trust' Security Paper Market by Security Feature, Application and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 (NEW) Food Authenticity Market by Target Testing, Technology, Food Tested and Region - Global Forecast to 2022 (NEW) Smart Label Market Analysis by Technology, by Component, by Application, by End-user & Segment Forecasts 2014 - 2025 (NEW) Global Market Study on Holographic Films: Pharma End Use Industry Segment to Increase 2.2X in Terms of Value over Forecast Period Pharmaceutical Packaging Market by Product Type - Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022 Anti-Counterfeit Packaging Market by Technology, Usage Feature, End-use Sector and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 Europe Portable Counterfeit Detector Market Report 2016 Nano & Other Innovative Anti-Counterfeit Technologies 2016: 40 Anti-Counterfeit & Track-and-Trace Technologies for 15+ Industry Sectors Global EPedigree Software Market 2016-2020 Pharmaceutical Anti-Counterfeiting Technologies Market Forecast 2016-2026: RFID, Taggants, Barcodes, Holograms/OVD & Others Wines & Spirits - Anti-Counterfeit, Brand Protection & Product Authentication The Future of Global Security Printing Markets to 2020 Food Traceability Technologies Market 2015-2025: EAN / UPC Barcodes, 2D QR Codes, RFID & RTLS Luxury Accessories, Beauty & Apparel: Anti-Counterfeit & Brand Protection Global Anti-counterfeit Packaging Market 2015-2019 World Anti-counterfeit Pharma & Cosmetics Packaging - Market Opportunities & Forecasts, 2014-2020 Anti counterfeit, brand protection & tamper evident solutions Global Anti-Counterfeit Packaging Market in Security Documents & Event Ticketing: 2014-2020 Anti-Counterfeit Packaging Technologies Market Forecast 2014-2024 & Future Prospects for Leading Companies Mobile Advertising / Promotions and Consumer Enabled Product Authentication with Smart Phones Food Integrity 2017 May 10-11, 2017 - Parma, Italy Supply Chain Resilience - Turning Risk into Opportunity May 16, 2017 - Birmingham, UK UDIs & Traceability for Medical Devices May 16-18, 2017 - Brussels, Belgium IACC 2017 Annual Spring Conference May 17-19, 2017 - Barcelona, Spain 2017 INTA (International Trademark Association) Annual Meeting May 20-24, 2017 - Barcelona, Spain 3rd Pharma Supply Chain & Logistics May 22-23, 2017 - London, UK TraceLink NEXUS '17 Jun.07-08, 2017 - Barcelona, Spain 2017 UDI Conference Jun.07-08, 2017 - Baltimore (MD), USA 7th Annual Pharma Packaging & Labelling Summit Jun.19-21, 2017 - Zurich, Switzerland Traceability in Operation 2017 Jun.20-21, 2017 - Zurich, Switzerland SDW 2017 – Security Document World Jun.26-28, 2017 - London, UK Chartered Trading Standards Institute (CTSI) 2017 Conference Jun.26-29, 2017 - Harrogate, UK Food Integrity 2017 Jun.28-29, 2017 - Auckland, New Zealand Supply Chain Cargo & Security Summit 2017 Jun.29-30, 2017 - Jersey City (NJ), USA INTERPOL World 2017 Jul.04-07, 2017 - Suntec City, Singapore EuroPack Summit Sep.18-19, 2017 - Montreux, Switzerland PACK EXPO Las Vegas & Healthcare Packaging EXPO 2017 Sep.25-27, 2017 - Las Vegas (NV), USA 8th Annual Global Brand Protection Summit Oct.2017 (tbc) - Amsterdam, Netherlands SECF Wine Track 2017 (traçabilité des vins et spiritueux) Oct.10, 2017 - Pau, France Security Document Summit (SDS) 2017 Oct.24-25, 2017 - Beijing, China Active & Intelligent Packaging World Congress & Hackathon 2017 Nov.02-03, 2017 - Amsterdam, The Netherlands Brand Protection Congress (BPC) Nov.20-22, 2017 - Munich, Germany Brand Protection Excellence Forum 2017 Dec.07-08, 2017 - London, UK Global Brand Protection Innovation Asia Dec.14-15, 2017 - Bangkok, Thailand IPACK-IMA 2018 May 29 - June 01, 2018 - Milan, Italy FREE Papers Paid Research Events Leveraging anti-counterfeiting technology to secure the serialized supply chain for pharmaceuticals Why Inspector-Led Authentication is Here to Stay (and Better Than Ever) StellaGuard™ Security Label from Covectra: Converging Smart Technologies To Provide Universal Brand Protection The Financial Cost of Fraud 2017 Coding challenges and solutions for companies operating in the beverage canning sector Fight against counterfeiting by empowering your consumers - The smartphone: a new tool to spot fake products Confronting coding challenges in the cable and wire industries PMMI Report Free Executive Summary: Brand Protection & Product Traceability 2016 How Manufacturers Should Work Closely with the Big 3 and HDMA Wholesalers to Comply with DSCSA in 2017 and Beyond - Part 2 European Migrant Crisis: Impacts on the Supply Chain The role of new technologies in combatting counterfeiting and illicit trade Serialization: The Crossroads of Supply & Demand Safeguarding the safeguards – how to secure your authentication platform The Business Value of Serialization, Part I: 'Many Happy Returns' How Data Standards, Serialization & Authentication Correlate in Coding of Products Connecting The Enterprise Through Serialization Serialization for the Premium Beverage Industry: A Solution for Brand Integrity Tamper-proof Pharmaceutical Packaging: FMD & the Future of Closure Seals Standardization The data debate: management, retention and authentication of product data in the context of the EU falsified medicines directive Beyond item level serialisation: extending traceability schemes to secondary and tertiary packaging Why Manufacturers Should Work Closely with Wholesalers to Comply with DSCSA: Part 1 What Are We Doing About Prescription Painkiller Abuse? Safeguarding Opioid Supply (SOS) via a 'Diamond of Trust' Security Paper Market by Security Feature, Application and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 (NEW) Food Authenticity Market by Target Testing, Technology, Food Tested and Region - Global Forecast to 2022 (NEW) Smart Label Market Analysis by Technology, by Component, by Application, by End-user & Segment Forecasts 2014 - 2025 (NEW) Global Market Study on Holographic Films: Pharma End Use Industry Segment to Increase 2.2X in Terms of Value over Forecast Period Pharmaceutical Packaging Market by Product Type - Global Opportunity Analysis and Industry Forecast, 2014-2022 Anti-Counterfeit Packaging Market by Technology, Usage Feature, End-use Sector and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 Europe Portable Counterfeit Detector Market Report 2016 Nano & Other Innovative Anti-Counterfeit Technologies 2016: 40 Anti-Counterfeit & Track-and-Trace Technologies for 15+ Industry Sectors Global EPedigree Software Market 2016-2020 Pharmaceutical Anti-Counterfeiting Technologies Market Forecast 2016-2026: RFID, Taggants, Barcodes, Holograms/OVD & Others Wines & Spirits - Anti-Counterfeit, Brand Protection & Product Authentication The Future of Global Security Printing Markets to 2020 Food Traceability Technologies Market 2015-2025: EAN / UPC Barcodes, 2D QR Codes, RFID & RTLS Luxury Accessories, Beauty & Apparel: Anti-Counterfeit & Brand Protection Global Anti-counterfeit Packaging Market 2015-2019 World Anti-counterfeit Pharma & Cosmetics Packaging - Market Opportunities & Forecasts, 2014-2020 Anti counterfeit, brand protection & tamper evident solutions Global Anti-Counterfeit Packaging Market in Security Documents & Event Ticketing: 2014-2020 Anti-Counterfeit Packaging Technologies Market Forecast 2014-2024 & Future Prospects for Leading Companies Mobile Advertising / Promotions and Consumer Enabled Product Authentication with Smart Phones Food Integrity 2017 May 10-11, 2017 - Parma, Italy Supply Chain Resilience - Turning Risk into Opportunity May 16, 2017 - Birmingham, UK UDIs & Traceability for Medical Devices May 16-18, 2017 - Brussels, Belgium IACC 2017 Annual Spring Conference May 17-19, 2017 - Barcelona, Spain 2017 INTA (International Trademark Association) Annual Meeting May 20-24, 2017 - Barcelona, Spain 3rd Pharma Supply Chain & Logistics May 22-23, 2017 - London, UK TraceLink NEXUS '17 Jun.07-08, 2017 - Barcelona, Spain 2017 UDI Conference Jun.07-08, 2017 - Baltimore (MD), USA 7th Annual Pharma Packaging & Labelling Summit Jun.19-21, 2017 - Zurich, Switzerland Traceability in Operation 2017 Jun.20-21, 2017 - Zurich, Switzerland SDW 2017 – Security Document World Jun.26-28, 2017 - London, UK Chartered Trading Standards Institute (CTSI) 2017 Conference Jun.26-29, 2017 - Harrogate, UK Food Integrity 2017 Jun.28-29, 2017 - Auckland, New Zealand Supply Chain Cargo & Security Summit 2017 Jun.29-30, 2017 - Jersey City (NJ), USA INTERPOL World 2017 Jul.04-07, 2017 - Suntec City, Singapore EuroPack Summit Sep.18-19, 2017 - Montreux, Switzerland PACK EXPO Las Vegas & Healthcare Packaging EXPO 2017 Sep.25-27, 2017 - Las Vegas (NV), USA 8th Annual Global Brand Protection Summit Oct.2017 (tbc) - Amsterdam, Netherlands SECF Wine Track 2017 (traçabilité des vins et spiritueux) Oct.10, 2017 - Pau, France Security Document Summit (SDS) 2017 Oct.24-25, 2017 - Beijing, China Active & Intelligent Packaging World Congress & Hackathon 2017 Nov.02-03, 2017 - Amsterdam, The Netherlands Brand Protection Congress (BPC) Nov.20-22, 2017 - Munich, Germany Brand Protection Excellence Forum 2017 Dec.07-08, 2017 - London, UK Global Brand Protection Innovation Asia Dec.14-15, 2017 - Bangkok, Thailand IPACK-IMA 2018 May 29 - June 01, 2018 - Milan, Italy Press Releases 》 Anti-counterfeiting, brand protection and security packaging market to reach $3.6bn in 2022 》 TraceLink reports highest quarterly revenue and record-breaking growth in EMEA new sales bookings for Q1 2017 》 Ram Group announces world's first full-body biometric authentication technology 》 OpSec Security attains new ISO certification Media Partners Home  |  About us  |  Contact us  |  Advertise  |  Links  |  Partners  |  Privacy Policy  |   |  RSS feed   |  back to top © SecuringIndustry.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Noteworthy Tuesday Option Activity: IBM, TRIP, WMT Shutterstock photo Looking at options trading activity among components of the S&P 500 index, there is noteworthy activity today in International Business Machines Corp. (Symbol: IBM), where a total volume of 38,175 contracts has been traded thus far today, a contract volume which is representative of approximately 3.8 million underlying shares (given that every 1 contract represents 100 underlying shares). That number works out to 65.9% of IBM’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 5.8 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $150 strike put option expiring June 16, 2017 , with 5,774 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 577,400 underlying shares of IBM. Below is a chart showing IBM’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $150 strike highlighted in orange: Tripadvisor Inc (Symbol: TRIP) saw options trading volume of 15,976 contracts, representing approximately 1.6 million underlying shares or approximately 55.9% of TRIP’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 2.9 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $45 strike put option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 2,667 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 266,700 underlying shares of TRIP. Below is a chart showing TRIP’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $45 strike highlighted in orange: And Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (Symbol: WMT) saw options trading volume of 31,801 contracts, representing approximately 3.2 million underlying shares or approximately 50% of WMT’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 6.4 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $70 strike put option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 10,814 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 1.1 million underlying shares of WMT. Below is a chart showing WMT’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $70 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for IBM options , TRIP options , or WMT options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dow Jones Industrial Average Dips; Nasdaq Notches Another Record Next PostNext Noteworthy Tuesday Option Activity: MDLZ, JWN, BMY Search Recent Posts US Travel Companies Need a Long-Term Perspective to Capitalize on Cuba 2017 to 2022 Global Gas Permeable Lens Market Research Analysis Report Interview with Kieran Gilbert, SKY News Empowering Local Citizens in Lao PDR for Better Development U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for May 10: Slipping the Surly Bonds RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / Obituaries / Obituary Notice: Samuel Walton Casher Obituary Notice: Samuel Walton Casher Posted on Tuesday, May 9, 2017 by Gant Team in Obituaries Obituary Notice: Samuel Walton Casher (Provided photo) Samuel Walton Casher, 83, of Mineral Springs went to be with the Lord on May, 9, 2017 at his daughter’s residence in Allport. Born Aug. 7, 1933, he was the son of the late Hilary and Jeanette Rowles Casher. He married Vonda Knepp Casher, who preceded him in death. Surviving are his children, Rodney L. Casher and his fiancée, Sandy Dixon of Clearfield, Tammy J. Shaw and her husband, David of Allport, Samuel W. Casher Jr. and his wife, Debbie of Woodland and Todd M. Casher and his wife, Charlotte of St. Croix, Virgin Islands; seven grandchildren; and 10 great-grandchildren. Also surviving are his sisters, Betty Belinda and Connie Green, both of Clearfield. Along with his wife, he was preceded in death by his parents; sisters, Lois Guthrie and Norma Lumadue; and a brother, Elwood Casher. Mr. Casher was a member of the Pleasant Valley United Methodist Church of Woodland. He had worked for Lady Jane Coal Co., of Rockton and Rushton Coal Co., of Osceola Mills. He retired from the Wal-Mart Distribution Center but then worked for Clearfield Bank & Trust as a custodian. He was a veteran of the U.S. Army, and he served during the Korean War. A public celebration of life will be held at 11 a.m. Saturday at the Pleasant Valley United Methodist Church, Woodland, with the Rev. Sean Smith officiating. Burial will be in the Bradford Cemetery, Woodland. There will be no public visitation. Strange & Weaver Funeral Service, Morrisdale, is in charge of the arrangements. Obituary Notice: Rose Spadaro Patt Related Posts Obituary Notice: Mary E. Conti Obituary Notice: Erdie L. Peoples Obituary Notice: Nester Donald Hoyt Obituary Notice: Lawrence Dale McCracken Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman K-9 World Cup is all about Teamwork makes the Dream Work! Feel-good Animated Children’s Movie out on Blu-ray and DVD Combo Pack May 9 “K-9 World Cup//TriCoast Ent.” Featuring voices of L.A. Galaxy Players, Sean Astin, and Popular Mega 96.3 personality, Sandra Peña Los Angeles, CA – May 9, 2017 – Play as one, think as one, win as one.   TriCoast Entertainment and Broad Green Pictures announce the Blu-ray and DVD combo pack release of K-9 World Cup, the triumphant story of a group of rag tag canine soccer players who are assembled by a legendary retired coach to bring honor and fame back to the Mexicanine Soccer League.  Although honor and fame are ambitious, the team learns the most important life lesson of all: the road to glory is walked as a pack.  When the Mexicanine Republic becomes the host for the World Canine Cup, coach Bernard Lapata (Gary Shapiro) has one last chance to put together the best team in soccer history.  The new warriors will have to learn to put aside their differences and work as a team to show their country that ultimate football glory is more than just a dream.  The perfect film for the whole family that teaches the powerful lessons of commitment and working together as a team to achieve one’s goals. K-9 World Cup  features the voices of L.A. Galaxy players AJ DeLa Garza, Dan Gargan, Alan Gordon and Todd Dunivant. Actor Sean Astin is the voice of Polo, the top dog on the team. Astin played Mikey in Steven Spielberg’s iconic film, The Goonies,’ as well as the title role in the critically acclaimed Rudy.  He is best known for his role as the beloved Sam Gamgee in the Academy Award winning trilogy, “The Lord of the Rings.’ Astin recently signed on for Season 2 of the wildly popular and SAG Award winning Netflix series “Stranger Things.”   Sandra Peña is the voice of roving reporter Maisy Bernard, and the hard-to-impress love interest of Polo. Sandra is a well loved radio personality and DJ at MEGA 96.3,  the popular spanish radio station which serves the entire Los Angeles area. K-9 World Cup is a Mexican/American Production from producer Ricardo Arnaiz, and was released in theaters in Mexico.   The film was co-directed by Carlos Pimentel and Nathan Sifuentes. K-9 World Cup Blu-ray and DVD combo pack will be in stores beginning May 9 at Family Video (www.familyvideo.com), the largest movie and game rental chain in the US, and online at Amazon.com, Target.com, Walmart.com and BestBuy.com [embedded content] Video Link: http://player.vimeo.com/video/138689543 Watch the Trailer here: http://bit.ly/K9WorldCupTrailer Facebook: http://bit.ly/K9WorldCup About TriCoast Entertainment:  A new home for story-driven American films, TriCoast Worldwide is a full service media company that creates, produces, manages and distributes unique and unusual entertainment. Bringing together filmmakers, distributors, financiers, and technologists, TriCoast Entertainment embraces change by redefining the production and distribution model for indie filmmakers, providing them with low cost tools, financing, and worldwide theatrical and digital distribution, along with market feedback and storytelling opportunities. About Broad Green Pictures:  Broad Green Pictures, founded by Gabriel and Daniel Hammond in 2014, is a fully-integrated movie studio with unparalleled development support, production infrastructure, and marketing resources to execute their vision from script to screen. Through collaborative partnerships, Broad Green shares incredible stories with the widest possible audiences. The studio creates and distributes theatrical films derived from in-house development and production, as well as acquisitions and co-productions across a multitude of platforms. The studio’s upcoming slate includes WISH UPON, Terrence Malick’s SONG TO SONG starring Ryan Gosling, Rooney Mara and Michael Fassbender, and VILLA CAPRI.  Previously released films include BAD SANTA 2, a co-production with Miramax, A WALK IN THE WOODS, THE INFILTRATOR, Amazon Studios’ THE NEON DEMON and THE DRESSMAKER, the critically-acclaimed 99 HOMES, I SMILE BACK, LEARNING TO DRIVE, KNIGHT OF CUPS, and THE DARK HORSE. Media Contact Company Name: TriCoast Entertainment Contact Person: Maggi Simpson Email: maggi@TriCoast.com Phone: 3104587707 Country: United States Website: http://www.tricoastworldwide.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsArts & Entertainment, Business, Family & Parenting, Sports, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Healthy Team is Helping Employees to Find The Healthiest of The Workplaces Next PostNext Deitz Court Reporting Has Emerged as An Industry Leader for Court Reporting in The United States Search Recent Posts MMA Insider Recognizes Tae Hyun Bang’s Internal Struggle During Alleged Fixed Fight Edward Morche to Join Zayo Group as President of Sales The Crucial Importance of a Decision’s Social Space in Decision Making Pc Website Builders Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2022 ಚನ್ನೇನಹಳ್ಳಿ: ಆರೆಸ್ಸೆಸ್ ಸಂಘ ಶಿಕ್ಷಾ ವರ್ಗ ಸಮಾರೋಪ RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Just In 11mins Kapil Mishra begins hunger strike 31mins Twitter elevates Taranjeet Singh as Country Director for India 36mins Punjab face Mumbai in another ‘do-or-die’ clash 44mins Railways to acquire EoTT system to run trains without guards 1hr Fire breaks out in Antriksh Bhawan 1hr Cast asunder by triple talaq, Muslim women see hope in Supreme Court 2hrs Apple tops $800 billion market cap for first time 2hrs Sensex, Nifty hit lifetime highs on normal monsoon forecast 2hrs Juventus beats Monaco to reach Champions League final 2hrs One arrested after brawl aboard Southwest jet during deplaning 2hrs Schedule and squads for the Champions Trophy 3hrs AP Minister's son dies in road accident 3hrs Democrats slam Trump sacking of FBI chief 4hrs Army officer found killed in Shopian district 4hrs Moon Jae-in elected South Korea President; begins duties Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD Cisco to work with A.P. Share On JUST IN 11mins Kapil Mishra begins hunger strike 31mins Twitter elevates Taranjeet Singh as Country Director for India 36mins Punjab face Mumbai in another ‘do-or-die’ clash 44mins Railways to acquire EoTT system to run trains without guards 1hr Fire breaks out in Antriksh Bhawan 1hr Cast asunder by triple talaq, Muslim women see hope in Supreme Court 2hrs Apple tops $800 billion market cap for first time 2hrs Sensex, Nifty hit lifetime highs on normal monsoon forecast 2hrs Juventus beats Monaco to reach Champions League final 2hrs One arrested after brawl aboard Southwest jet during deplaning 2hrs Schedule and squads for the Champions Trophy 3hrs AP Minister's son dies in road accident 3hrs Democrats slam Trump sacking of FBI chief 4hrs Army officer found killed in Shopian district 4hrs Moon Jae-in elected South Korea President; begins duties CLOSE Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Celebrating Tyagaraja News Cities Vijayawada Vijayawada Cisco to work with A.P. Special Correspondent VIJAYAWADA, May 10, 2017 07:30 IST Updated: May 10, 2017 07:38 IST Share Article PRINT A A A Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu   Special Correspondent VIJAYAWADA, May 10, 2017 07:30 IST Updated: May 10, 2017 07:38 IST more-in Chief Minister visits its office at San Jose American multinational technology conglomerate Cisco has expressed willingness to work with the Andhra Pradesh government to make ‘small business easy’. In response to Chief Minister N. Chandrababu Naidu’s invitation to visit Andhra Pradesh and set up an industry there, Executive Chairman and former CEO of Cisco Systems John Chambers said: “Let’s work on ways to make small business easy and also on how to make knowledge-sharing easy.” Mr. Naidu visited the office of Cisco, a world leader in IT and networking, helping companies of all sizes transform how people connect, communicate and collaborate, at San Jose, California, on the fifth day of his U.S. visit. Reflecting on the observations made by Mr. Chambers at the meeting, Mr. Naidu said Andhra Pradesh was in the forefront in integrating technology in governance and the government was keen on strengthening the ecosystem. “We need to explore the possible areas of collaboration with you,” he insisted. He said A.P. could be a suitable pilot place for all the practices emerging out of new trends. “We will create the necessary conditions and A.P. is ready to take off,” he affirmed. Earlier, Mr. Chambers made a presentation on how modern communications could connect the world and as an example, demonstrated how he conducted meetings from his board room with his executives around the world. He said the world was experiencing a revolution of digital innovations and IoT and cited examples to show how rapidly the world was changing. “It took 21 years for Amazon to overtake the Walmart. Similarly, Tesla took 14 years to overtake Ford and General Motors and for us, it took 7.5 years to overtake Tesla. Tomorrow a challenger might need only 3.5 years to overtake the existing leader,” he said. Mr. Chambers said in the U.S. today, 20% of the jobs were created by companies which did not exist even a year ago. He said 95% of the business and political leaders had a vision for digitisation but only 25% of them had a plan which highlighted the need for a plan, a workable plan in place. “There are going to be 500 billion devices worldwide and they all will communicate. That’s the world we are going to see soon,” he said. Post a Comment More In Andhra Pradesh Vijayawada Related Articles << Previous Story Prakasam Barrage reopened to traffic Next Story >> Minister’s surprise checks at petrol bunks, FP shops Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | May 10, 2017 12:30:09 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Vijayawada/cisco-to-work-with-ap/article18418227.ece © The Hindu HCL is in for a long haul in Amaravati ‘Plan to recruit over 5,000 candidates from Krishna, Guntur districts’ Staff Reporter Social boycott: SC/ST panel member visits village Ravindra says stern action will be taken against those responsible Special Correspondent Top Picks in The Hindu today Middle stump uprooted, but bails remain ‘Tallest bridge built can withstand blasts’ Eye-catching art out of ordinary automobile scrap Twitter finds amusement as Shashi Tharoor hits back at Arnab Goswami Bishnoi farmers fill troughs of water for deer Karnataka MLA’s social media post causes uproar Now, turn any surface into a touch screen Poll: 'Genderless' cine awards ‘Baahubali 2’ collects Rs. 1,000 crore worldwide Mapped: China's 'One Belt, One Road' initiative Close X Next Story >> Minister’s surprise checks at petrol bunks, FP shops CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2017, The Hindu
Wednesday, May 10th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: Send The Vindicator your Memorial Day events Local pastor details reasons he remains oppo... 10:55 p.m. Tue Trust Atty. Sisek name Akron Children's Cham... 10:55 p.m. Tue Boardman cops charge overdose victim with in... 10:55 p.m. Tue Arconic displays cutting edge fighter jet today 10:55 p.m. Tue 5 groups vying for state's medical marijuana... 10:55 p.m. Tue Multi-million-dollar senior complex opens to... 9:55 p.m. Tue all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman | Print Tweet Published: Tue, May 9, 2017 @ 9:14 p.m. A summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman townships: POLAND May 5 Recovered property: Someone found $16 near the road in the 3300 block of Dobbins Road. May 7 Drugs: A receipt with suspected heroin powder, a lid with suspected heroin residue and a hypodermic needle were reportedly found at a residence in the 2400 block of Shetland Lane, though no arrests had been made at the time of the report. BOARDMAN May 3 Arrest: A vehicle check near Market Street resulted in the arrest of Saud A. Cochrane, 45, of Holland Avenue, Hubbard, who was wanted on a probation-violation charge from Liberty Township. Burglary: To a vacant residence in the 70 block of Newport Drive via the front door. Stolen was copper piping. Theft: A man reported someone took a bag that contained six pairs of socks and a wallet, items he had bought at Burlington Coat Factory, 529 Boardman-Canfield Road. Criminal damaging: A Bristlewood Drive man noticed someone had cut down a small tree as well as various shrubs and vines in his yard, resulting in a $500 damage estimate. Theft: Darla F. Moore, 53, of East Avondale Avenue, Youngstown, surrendered on a theft charge related to an April 6 situation in which a woman had reported a $700 iPhone stolen while she was at a South Avenue discount store. Arrest: Authorities in the 9000 block of Market Street took custody of Deborah L. Walker, 54, who was wanted on a felony charge of unauthorized use of a vehicle. Last month, Walker, who listed addresses on Market Street in North Lima and Freedom Avenue in Campbell, failed to return a Nissan Altima to Hertz Rent-a-Car, 7735 Market, that was to have been brought back in mid-February as per her rental agreement, which resulted in a $1,738 unpaid bill, a manager told police. Theft: A man discovered a $250 pair of sunglasses missing from his vehicle he had brought to a Market Street business for minor repairs. Assault/aggravated menacing: Two women told police that while at a South Avenue restaurant, a group of people had threatened several times to harm them before one of the women was tossed to the ground and punched in the face. The second victim reported a car’s passenger-side door had been slammed against her three or four times. Drug paraphernalia: Officers phone booked Dominique King, 25, of South Kimberly Avenue, Austintown, on a warrant charging him with possession of drug paraphernalia, related to a drug overdose Jan. 9 in the 7000 block of West Boulevard. A spoon with burn marks common in drug use was found, a report showed. May 4 Arrest: A vehicle check near Shields Road resulted in Teresa A. Bishop’s arrest. Bishop, 54, of Parkcliffe Avenue, Youngstown, was wanted on a felony charge of failure to appear in court. Aggravated menacing: A Moyer Avenue man alleged a woman against whom he has a protection order had threatened to kill him, causing the accuser to fear for his safety and that of children at his residence. Theft: A woman reported an $800 iPhone stolen from her Indianola Road home. Misuse of a credit card: James L. Lohmier of Glenwood Avenue, Boardman, surrendered on a misdemeanor charge of misuse of a credit card after his uncle in February alleged Lohmier, 34, had stolen his debit card and used it to make 21 fraudulent charges that totaled $790 and included three cash withdrawals. Theft: Michael E. Minich, 46, of Grove Street, Warren, was charged with stealing five packages of hot food items from Giant Eagle, 476 Boardman-Canfield Road. Theft: Two women reportedly stole candles and bars of scented soaps from Bath & Body Works, 379 Boardman-Poland Road. Menacing: A South Avenue woman said an upstairs neighbor with whom she’s had recent problems has made implied threats against her. Theft: A woman in her 40s reportedly stole eight $50 shirts from Macy’s in Southern Park Mall before leaving in a silver Chevrolet Malibu. May 5 Arrest: While handling a possible domestic situation in the 5200 block of Erie Street, authorities arrested Jason M. Sop, 22, of Erie, Boardman. He was wanted on a Trumbull County warrant charging telecommunications harassment. Theft: A Struthers man discovered $625 missing from his wallet he had lost at a Southern Boulevard big-box store. Arrest: Police answered a call pertaining to a suspicious person at a Boardman-Poland Road gas station, where they picked up Robert J. Rosenberg Jr., 22, of Market Street, Boardman, who was wanted on a warrant charging him with inducing panic. The misdemeanor charge was the result of an April 19 incident in the 5100 block of Southern Boulevard in which a male had reportedly overdosed while in a vehicle, a report said. Theft of services: A manager with Days Inn, 7393 South Ave., reported a tenant had checked out and left without paying the two-day room charge and other services that totaled $369. Employee theft: An investigation reportedly showed that a worker with Sam’s Club, 6361 South Ave., had deceived customers by providing them with eight blank or empty gift cards while pocketing the genuine ones. The theft was estimated at $216. Drugs: After pulling him over on Market Street, authorities charged Matt R. Green, 23, with possession of heroin and Tramadol and issued him a minor-misdemeanor citation charging marijuana possession after alleging Green, of Neeld Road, East Palestine, had a bag with a powder that tested positive for heroin and fentanyl, three bags containing a total of 18 grams of suspected marijuana and six Tramadol pills in a cigarette carton. Tramadol is a controlled opioid substance typically used to treat moderate to severe pain. May 6 Theft: Two men and two women in their 30s or 50s reportedly stole $6,443 worth of merchandise that included several duffel bags, from Target, 417 Boardman-Poland Road, then left in a gray Ford Windstar van. Trespassing: A man was seen entering a car for sale at a business in the 8500 block of Market Street. Theft/criminal damaging: A Boardman woman alleged her former boyfriend had stolen her cellphone and damaged her kitchen table before leaving. Theft: A woman reportedly took a $37 school outfit from Cirilla’s, 64 Boardman-Poland Road. Identity theft: A worker for a U.S. Route 224 care facility found out his stolen debit card had been used at several area businesses to rack up about $304 in fraudulent charges. Theft: Kristopher R. Malailua, 26, of Mount Vernon Avenue, Youngstown, and Jasmine L. David, 23, same address, were charged in the theft of $55 worth of items, including a pizza, from Walmart, 1300 Doral Drive. Theft: After responding to a complaint that two juveniles had stolen two bicycles in the 90 block of Arlene Avenue, officers charged a 16-year-old Youngstown boy with theft and obstructing official business after saying he had fled on foot from police. Theft: Authorities charged Yvette D. Mendez, 45, with theft after alleging Mendez, of Plazaview Court, Youngstown, had stolen from Walmart $43 worth of merchandise that included thermal clothing. May 7 Arrest: After responding to a report of a possibly intoxicated person on Market Street, officers took into custody Tina L. Scritchfield, 58, of North Meridian Road, Youngstown, after discovering she was wanted on an Austintown warrant charging inducing panic. Theft: Keith J. Holley, 26, was charged with stealing a $35 electronic item from Walmart. Holley, of Idywild Street Northeast, Warren, also was wanted on a bench warrant from Niles Municipal Court related to a domestic-violence charge. Criminal damaging: A woman alleged after returning to her Indianola Road residence from vacation that her former roommate had flipped over some of the accuser’s furniture and broken glass in the kitchen. Theft: A township woman noticed her wallet missing while she was at a Market Street gas station. May 8 Arrest: A traffic stop on Market Street led to the arrest of Danielle M. Melnek, 29, of South Avenue, Boardman, who was wanted on a Youngstown warrant accusing her of failing to appear in court. Other stories of interest Youngstown council to hear from 5 groups seeking to grown medical marijuana Boardman man charged with inducing panic for drug overdose Bazetta road rage leads to crash involving 7 people, including injured child Two trials shaping up for three defendants in rival biker-club killings Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 29 mins S&P 500 2,396.92 -2.46 (-0.10%) Dow 30 20,975.78 -36.50 (-0.17%) Nasdaq 6,120.59 +17.93 (+0.29%) Listen Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Annual Meeting Podcasts Download them from wherever you get your podcasts Amazon Just Made It Easier to Get Free Shipping Brad Tuttle Money May 9, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share No Prime membership required.More Free shipping is now easier to come by for Amazon shoppers: The e-retail giant quietly dropped the minimum purchase requirement for free standard shipping to $25 for most orders. Customers do not need to subscribe to the $99-per-year Amazon Prime service to qualify for free shipping on eligible orders of $25 or more. Just be aware that whereas Prime members get free shipping with two-day delivery, non-Prime customers should expect free delivery for orders of at least $25 to arrive five to eight business days after purchase. Over the years, Amazon has fiddled with the minimum-purchase threshold required for free standard shipping, which was also known as “Super Saver Shipping” in the past. It was set at $25 for years, before being raised to $35 in the fall of 2013, and was hiked again from $35 to $49 in early 2016. A year later, the minimum was cut back to $35, and now that it’s been slashed again to $25, we’ve come full circle. The minimum-purchase requirement fluctuations are a fine example of what happens regularly in the online shopping sphere—in which bots and algorithms are constantly tweaking prices to maximize profits for sellers. A fascinating feature story in the May 2017 issue of The Atlantic delves deeply into this world, and what it shows is that we’re being masterfully manipulated by marketing and pricing strategies. The headline says it all: “How Online Shopping Makes Suckers of All of Us.” Amazon’s strategies for how and when to offer free shipping are especially complicated because of Amazon Prime. Prime has proved to be an incredibly powerful force in retail: When shoppers sign up for Prime membership, their spending at Amazon tends to shoot through the roof. Prime members quickly grow accustomed to the service’s two-day free shipping, and they tend to stop shopping around and make Amazon their default spot to buy stuff—all of which works brilliantly in Amazon’s favor. Understandably, then, Amazon has been relentless in its quest to increase Prime subscriptions. On Amazon’s page devoted to explaining its free shipping policies for non-Prime members, the company pitches Prime prominently: You can get unlimited FREE Two-Day Shipping on eligible items with Amazon Prime. No minimum spend is required to qualify. The existence of Prime gives Amazon a big reason to keep the minimum-purchase threshold for free shipping fairly high. After all, if it’s too easy to get free shipping without paying for Prime membership, Amazon has a harder time convincing shoppers that Prime is worth the money. In the past, Amazon seems to have raised the purchase threshold with the idea that doing so boosts Prime membership. But it also seems like Amazon may have pushed the concept too far, and retail competitors have seen an opening to try to steal back some shoppers. Earlier this year, Walmart began offering free shipping for orders of $35 or more, down from the previous minimum of $50. What’s more, Walmart’s policy gives shoppers fast (not standard slow) shipping on such orders, with delivery in just two days. And, unlike with Amazon Prime, Walmart isn’t asking shoppers to pay any membership fee to get this service—all shoppers qualify. Meanwhile, for a long time now Target has given its REDCard debit or credit card customers free (standard) shipping on all orders, in addition to 5% off all purchases. Just this week, Target announced new benefits for REDCard holders, adding cheap next-day delivery starting this summer too. What all of these policies hope to do is get shoppers into the habit of making the majority of their purchases with one retailer. But smart shoppers won’t play along. They keep shopping around, and that makes retailers like Amazon, Walmart, Target, and all of the rest compete harder for your business. Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Woman leaves a disappointing review for an 'herb grinder' that's used for weed Mashable Warren Buffett’s one-word answer for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares CNBC Starting today, you'll be able to make free voice calls from your Amazon Echo to other Alexa users Business Insider Op-Ed: Beware of big gains in big names like Apple and Amazon CNBC The startup trying to beat Apple's AirPods just hired two execs from Amazon and Nest Business Insider James Comey reportedly learned of his firing from TV news coverage, and he thought it was a prank Business Insider Warren Buffett: One metric tells me the most about the future Yahoo Finance JPMorgan has unleashed another 100,000-point rewards offer to Sapphire credit card holders in its latest push to win over millennials Business Insider Years of Cruel Abuse Leave Rescue Dog Scarred Everywhere but His Heart People UPS CEO on drones and autonomous driving Yahoo Finance Video Disney CEO Bob Iger finally addressed the ESPN layoffs Yahoo Finance Disney's ESPN problem comes down to simple math Yahoo Finance Here's why your paycheck may soon get a nice bump CNBC Insurers are fleeing Obamacare, and Trump is helping Yahoo Finance Trump's '8th wonder of the world' sold for fraction of cost Associated Press UPS CEO talks tax reform, trade, and Obamacare Yahoo Finance Video Toobin tears into Trump’s firing of Comey: ‘A grotesque abuse of power’ Bob: Sessions was supposed to recuse himself from Russian Investigation matters. This was clearly retribution for FBI Grand Jury subpeonas issued to Flynn Assoc Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.2k
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ROAM Expands And Becomes ROAMERICA PORTLAND, Ore., May 9, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — ROAM, the first campervan company for the ultimate road-tripper, is expanding, and is now ROAMERICA. „People have been loving that you can take our vans anywhere in the U.S.A, and now that you can also take them anywhere in Canada, we wanted a name to reflect that,” says Gretchen Bayless, Co-Founder of ROAM. In addition to the expanded territory, ROAMERICA has also added more vehicles to the fleet, streamlined a process so international travelers from all over the world can also rent their campervans with ease, and opened a brand-new office in NE Portland near the Portland International Airport. Setting up camp for the day is easy in a ROAMERICA campervan. Just pop the top, pull out the deluxe camp chairs and table, open a cold one, kick back and relax. Photo Credit: Mike Branscum @this.is.mike. The company, which has been featured everywhere from GQ Magazine to The Adventure Journal, has become the go-to rental company for overland campervans. With self-contained and fully equipped Sportsmobiles, all are designed for rugged Pacific Northwest conditions, with 24/7 roadside assistance. They are also customized with the adventure traveler in mind, complete with all the camp gear you need and extra benefits like RUMPL blankets, HiBall Energy drinks, Clif Bars, Field Trip Jerky and Helinox Camp Chairs. „The details keep customers coming back,” says Bayless, adding that the company has also partnered with evo to offer trips from their Portland office and soon from Denver and Seattle. In addition to detailed perks inside each van, customers love the easy-to-use online booking system, as well as the fact that they will transport customers to and from the PDX airport to the ROAMERICA office, free with rental. While they are booking up fast through the next season, you can go to RoamericaRentals.com to find out more and reserve your van for summer. ABOUT ROAMERICA: Founded by Portland couple Gretchen Bayless and Taylor Hood, who spent years of exploring the gorgeous and little known areas of the Pacific Northwest, ROAMERICA was founded in 2014 to make road trip adventures the „best vacation you have ever had.” In the beginning, it was all about traveling to find empty surf, deep snow, and a major lack of people. Because RVs were too big, and mostly only fit on a highway or in a Walmart parking lot, they customized Sportsmobiles and added in everything they’d ever want for a road trip. Ever since, customers from all over the world are exploring North America in a whole new way. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/roam-expands-and-becomes-roamerica-300454812.html SOURCE ROAMERICA Related Links http://www.RoamericaRentals.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Expansion Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oligo Medic Appoints Jerett Creed As CEO Next PostNext Panama Hosts Forum on National Strategy to Prevent Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism Search Recent Posts Global Construction Composites Market Will Flourish by 2016 – 2024 Panama Hosts Forum on National Strategy to Prevent Money Laundering and Financing of Terrorism ROAM Expands And Becomes ROAMERICA Oligo Medic Appoints Jerett Creed As CEO Consumer Identity Access Management Market: Professional Market Research Report and Forecasts, 2017 – 2025 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation youtube linkedin facebook twitter rss Pro Dealer Chain Store Age ﻿ Latest News Hardware Stores Lumberyards Farm & Ranch Distributors/Co-Ops Insights opener Research Special Reports Opinion Magazine opener Digital Edition Reprints/Reuse Subscribe Advertise ﻿ Video/Media Products Hardware All Stars Events Event Calendar ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Contact Stihl Hardware All Stars: Colorado, Mississippi, Tennessee Our All Star profile series begins with three service-minded retailers. May 9, 2017 | By HBSDealer Staff Woodland Do it Best Hardware & Home’s Kelly Rodarmel (left) and his father, Gene. It takes a little more to be a Stihl Hardware All Star. Since 2011, HBSDealer has reached out to suppliers, distributors, manufacturers, vendors, retailers and homeowners in search of high-performing, service-oriented, community-minded hardware store, lumberyard or farm and ranch dealers worthy of All-Star status. It’s a tribute to this industry that each year brings a surplus of high-quality nominations. The companies profiled have earned their place on the list, and they join an elite fraternity of honorees. Here’s to the class of 2017. Let the star gazing begin. Colorado Woodland Do it Best Hardware & Home The new-and-improved Woodland Hardware & Home, open since 2014, is only three blocks from the original location, in Woodland Park, but it’s two and a half times as large; and it offers an exceptionally picturesque view of nearby Pikes Peak. With 23,000 sq. ft. on offer to the public, the store is the result of a promise of “bigger and better,” made by owner Kelly Rodarmel after he bought the original business from his parents in 2007. Woodland prides itself on its inventory, which includes the largest rental equipment selection in Teller County. “I like to hear my customers say, ‘If you don’t have it, it probably doesn’t exist or I don’t need it,’” Rodarmel said.  Mississippi Military Hardware This mom-and-pop store was proclaimed a “Columbus icon” by a state senator for good reason. In an era of big-box stores and consolidation, Military Hardware has proven the little guy can still compete. It initially dealt with a Wal-Mart opening in the same town; then came Lowe’s moving down the street. Asked for his secret sauce, owner Mike Perkerson cited “customer service, a wide variety of products and a little bit of luck.” Tennessee Gatlinburg Ace Hardware The gateway to the Great Smokey Mountains, Gatlinburg suffered a devastating blaze in late 2016. And in the center of it was Gatlinburg Ace Hardware — amazingly spared from destruction. When the smoke cleared, owner Libby Murphy lobbied hard with local officials to open access to the store and keep the hardware flowing. An example of All Star community service, the store played and continues to play a role in the town’s recovery. “This store was a place for healing and hope,” Murphy told HBSDealer. See the full class — presented by Stihl — in the May issue of HBSDealer. Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Ace Hardware VP leaves for Broan-NuTone Lowe’s updates its military discount U.S. slaps tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber Tariffs generate wide range of reaction 84 Lumber builds in Boston U.S. slaps tariffs on Canadian softwood lumber HBSDealer Stock Watch: Shut the DOOR Ten nuggets of omnichannel knowhow from Will Aubuchon Next Big Thing: Professional monitoring in a package Meet Huttig's new Made in USA fasteners Poll Poll Warren Buffet just called health care costs the biggest challenge to American business. Agree? Yes, and it keeps getting worse. Yes, but I'm confident it will get better. Disagree. Taxes and red tape are bigger challenges. Special Reports The 2016 Top 300 Industry Scoreboard Sales for the year reached more than $249 billion combined among the Top 300 home improvement retailers. Spoiler: The Home Depot landed at No. 1. Again.    Click here to view the Scoreboard. The 2016 Top 200 Pro Dealer Scoreboard Combined sales at the nation’s Top 200 dealers continued to rise with residential construction and the recovering U.S. economy.    Click here to view the Scoreboard. Current Issue May 2017   Cover Story Meet the 2017 Stihl National Hardware All Stars. From all 50 states — and with 50 different service-oriented, growth minded business models — here are all 50 All Stars in the Class of 2017.   Also Inside  A National Hardware Show checklist Lumber dealers lift their voices in D.C. Leadership lessons from Joe Scarlett Click here to view the issue. Products Meet Huttig's new Made in USA fasteners Huttig has joined forces with American Fasteners Co. to boost domestic... Safety Works puts the spotlight on the products Post-acquisition streamlining and a back-to-basics approach at the Safety Works... Arrow Fastener embraces the project Under new ownership (almost), Arrow looks forward to new resources. Featured Product Cobra Skinny Snake Latest News Hardware Stores Lumberyards Farm & Ranch Distributors/Co-Ops Insights Research Special Reports Opinion Magazine Digital Edition Reprints/Reuse Subscribe Advertise Video/Media Products Hardware All Stars Events Event Calendar Subscribe Advertise Contact Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedmanwebsites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE Hardware + Building Supply Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Hardware+Building Supply Dealer. All Rights Reserved.
Missouri man admits widespread counterfeit scheme - KOAM TV 7 Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Links Upcoming Events Skywatch WX App Roads VIDEO Program Schedule Watch CBS Shows CBSNews livefeed Local News Monday's Child A Community Comes Together in Neosho Ottawa County Flood Issues Flooding at Northeastern Oklahoma A&M College Back on Their Feet in Neosho Mo Able Aims to Help Missourians with Disabilities Save Money KDOT to Study K7 & K126 Intersection Dealing with Flood Water Damage Pet Vet On Call SPECIAL REPORTS WEB EXTRAS Spotlight on Branson - 2016 Sky Watch Weather Sports Roper Honda Powerhouse Performance of the Week - Vote Now Morning News Morning News Guest Appearance Request Form Submit Birthdays & Anniversaries Crocktober 2015 Health Connections Skywatch WX App @koamnews Facebook @FOX14KFJX About Us Job Openings On Air Personalities Request DVD Email Updates Contests Lifestyle Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Closings Submit a Cancellation Closings List Roads Missouri man admits widespread counterfeit scheme Posted: Tuesday, May 9, 2017 5:35 PM EDT Updated: Tuesday, May 9, 2017 5:35 PM EDT SPRINGFIELD, Mo. (AP) - A southern Missouri man was sentenced to 2½ years in prison without parole for a counterfeiting $100 bills that he used at businesses across the country. Federal prosecutors say 56-year-old Stuart Thurber, of Mountain View, also was ordered Tuesday to pay $9,000 in restitution to businesses in Mountain View, Springfield and West Plains, Missouri, and to businesses in Nevada and California. Thurber, who lived in his pickup and travel trailer, was arrested in April 2016 in Mountain View for passing counterfeit $100 bills. Officers found computers, hard drives and printers inside the truck and travel trailer parked at a Wal-Mart parking lot. Thurber admitted he removed ink from genuine bills and used his electronics to create counterfeit bills, which he used at businesses across the U.S. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. News News Sports Links & Numbers Monday's Child Money Talks Pet Vet Photo Galleries Facebook Twitter RSS Morning News Submit Birthday Recipes Event Calendar Morning Interviews Contests How to be a guest Weather Weather Blog Interactive Radar Current Temps Closings Android app iPad app iPhone app WeatherCall KOAM On Air Schedule Contact Us Job Openings DVD Request Form Advertise With Us FCC Public File Closed Captioning KOAM - Licensed to Pittsburg, Kansas Send tips, ideas and press releases to: tips@koamtv.com Send newsroom questions or comments to: comments@koamtv.com Phone: (417) 624-0233 or (620) 231-0400 Web comments or questions: webmaster@koamtv.com Newsroom Fax: (417) 624-3158 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 KOAM. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Sports Business Education Entertainment Life Opinion Weather More Obituaries Classifieds Calendar Real Estate Jobs Shopping NIE Public Notices Contact Us Advertise DRC Digital Media Special Sections View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest Denton news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DentonRC.com! Search the Denton Record-Chronicle Submit Search News Calendar Blotter Insight Denton Nation And World State Texas Legislature Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram All Topics Home News Argyle Aubrey Bartonville Blotter Calendar Cooke County Copper Canyon Corinth Cropped Out Cross Roads Denton Denton County Denton Enterprise Airport Denton Municipal Electric Dish Double Oak Environmental issues Flower Mound Grapevine Lake Hickory Creek Insight Denton Krugerville Krum Lake Dallas Lantana Lewisville Lewisville Lake Nation And World News Gathering Nonprofits Oak Point Oil and gas Photos Pilot Point Politics Ponder Providence Village Ray Roberts Lake Sanger Shady Shores State Texas Legislature The Watchdog Weather Wise County Yesteryear Sports AP Argyle Eagles Aubrey Chaparrals Braswell Bengals Calvary Academy Lions Colleges Dallas Cowboys Dallas Mavericks Dallas Stars Denton Broncos Guyer Wildcats High Schools Krum Bobcats Lake Dallas Falcons Liberty Christian Warriors Mean Green Motor sports Other Sports Outdoors Pilot Point Bearcats Ponder Lions Ryan Raiders Sanger Indians Sports AP Headlines TWU Pioneers Texas Rangers The Masters Your Team Entertainment Best of Denton 2017 Denton Dammit Denton Time Movies Music Theater Education Argyle High School Aubrey High School Aubrey ISD Braswell High School Denton Calvary Academy Denton High School Denton ISD Guyer High School Higher Education Immaculate Conception Catholic School Krum High School Krum ISD Lake Dallas High School Lake Dallas ISD Liberty Christian High School North Central Texas College Pilot Point High School Pilot Point ISD Ponder High School Ponder ISD Ryan High School Sanger High School Sanger ISD Selwyn College Preparatory School Texas Woman's University University of North Texas Business Business Chronicle Life AgriLife Extension Anniversaries Engagements Garden Health Native Roots Pools Religion The Place is Argyle Weddings Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Close Close DRC Blotter: Denton police investigate man for making false reports Filed under News at 7 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Julian Gill, Staff Writer Connect with Julian Gill On Twitter Email Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like The Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Denton police are investigating an unidentified man who reportedly has been making numerous false statements to 911 dispatchers. The man called police on Monday saying there were "several people with guns" and officers "needed to hurry," according to police report. He called 911 multiple times, remaining silent for some of the calls, the report said. He said vulgar things to a dispatcher during one call, the report said. Police have contacted the suspected caller but have not made an arrest. The suspect, however, has voluntarily checked himself into a mental health facility to be evaluated, police said. The report did not provide further details. Other reports FM156 and Double Eagle Parkway — A 51-year-old Fort Worth man died early Tuesday morning after he collided with a passenger van while driving his motorcycle at FM156 and Double Eagle Parkway near Texas Motor Speedway, according to the Denton County Sheriff's Office.  John Gray was pronounced dead at 7:33 a.m. at a local hospital.  Lt. Orlando Hinojosa, a spokesman for the sheriff's office, said Gray was northbound on FM156 when the van failed to yield the right of way. Charges have not been filed.  100 block of Coronado Drive — A 57-year-old man's teenage son woke him up early Monday morning to tell him his car had been badly damaged outside of his apartment complex. The man told police about the damage, which police said appeared consistent with damage from a car crash, later that morning about 11:20. The man denied his car ever left the parking lot before his 16-year-old son woke him. The vehicle had already been taken to a body shop when police investigated the incident, and the damage was estimated to be about $4,000. No arrests were made. 200 block of East Hickory Street — A man who reportedly tried to hit a woman in  Rusty Taco was arrested in another city after fleeing from Denton police, according to a report. The woman called police at 8:53 p.m. before she was able to lock herself in the bathroom of the restaurant, the report said. The report did not specify where the man had been arrested or his charges. 1500 block of South Loop 288 — Denton police were ticketing two alleged shoplifters in Wal-Mart on Monday when they discovered one of the suspects previously had been issued a notice of criminal trespassing at the store. Police had been issuing citations for theft under $100 at the time. The 21-year-old suspect was taken to Denton City Jail on a criminal trespassing charge. The other suspected shoplifter was not arrested. 1700 block of Audra Lane — A 24-year-old man told Denton police two men stole property from his garage Monday afternoon and fled the scene. Police were dispatched to the man's home about 7:30 p.m., but the suspects were not on the scene when they arrived. The report did not specify what was stolen, and no arrests were made. Roundup From 7 a.m. Monday to 7 a.m. Tuesday: The Denton County Sheriff's Office handled 880 service and officer-initiated calls for the agencies they serve, and 34 people were booked into Denton County Jail. Denton firefighters responded to 23 medical calls, three vehicle crashes and one trash or rubbish fire. Denton police posted 29 reports online. Comments Tags News Crime Blotter Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with The Denton Record-Chronicle on Facebook. Denton Record-Chronicle @dentonrc Like Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Taking you back to News More about the Denton Record-Chronicle Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Denton News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2017, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
 Business  Contact  About  Services  Werewolf Wellington Scoop Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health    Contact  About  Services Scoop Front Page Scoops Parliament Politics Regional Business Sci-Tech World Culture Education Health Network Werewolf Wellington Scoop Campbell Business Scoop Pacific Community Review of Books InfoPages Video | Agriculture | Confidence | Economy | Energy | Employment | Finance | Media | Property | RBNZ | Science | SOEs | Tax | Technology | Telecoms | Tourism | Transport | Search   Related Email Print Scoop  Business Tweet While you were sleeping: Concern about complacency Wednesday, 10 May 2017, 10:41 am Article: BusinessDesk Wednesday 10 May 2017 07:31 AM While you were sleeping: Concern about complacency By Margreet Dietz May 10 (BusinessDesk) - Wall Street was mixed, after touching record highs earlier in the day, as the price of oil fell and the US dollar rose. In 2.47pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.1 percent. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.3 percent. In 2.32pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell 0.1 percent. Earlier in the session the S&P 500 climbed to a record 2,403.87, while the Nasdaq touched an all-time high of 6,133.00. "In the short-term, investors can enjoy this run, but they should start to hedge their positions and look for safety,” Christian Magoon, chief executive at Amplify ETFs in Chicago, Illinois, told Reuters. "Given world events, common sense would say there should be at least average volatility in daily price movement on the S&P 500,” Magoon noted. “The index seems to be very lethargic." Magoon wasn’t alone in his concern. “Does the lack of fear reflect an exhausted, tired market that believes zero volatility is normal, or is it an example of enormous complacency?” Bill Blain, a strategist at Mint Partners in London, asked in a note to clients, Bloomberg reported. Also warning against complacency, on the timing of interest rate increases by the Federal Open Market Committee, was Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester. “It’s important for the FOMC to remain very vigilant against falling behind as we continue to make progress on our goals,” Mester said in a speech on Monday in Chicago. “If we delay too long in taking the next normalisation step and then find ourselves in a situation where the labour market becomes unsustainably tight, price pressures become excessive and we have to move rates up steeply, we could risk a recession,” Mester warned. In the Dow, declines in shares of Chevron and those of Cisco, down 1.6 percent and 1.1 percent respectively, outweighed advances in shares of Nike and those of Wal-Mart, recently both up 1 percent. Energy stocks fell with the price of oil. In its monthly Short-Term Energy Outlook, the US Energy Information Administration forecast domestic output will rise to a record 9.96 million barrels a day in 2018, up from last month’s forecast for 9.9 million barrels. Meanwhile, shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals soared, trading 23.3 percent higher as of 2.47pm in New York, after the company posted its first profit in six quarters and upgraded its full-year earnings outlook. "Our first quarter performance demonstrates that we are delivering on our commitments,” Joseph Papa, Valeant’s chief executive officer, said in a statement. “We met our internal expectations, and we are continuing to make progress on our key initiatives, focus on the turnaround of our core businesses and improve internal operating efficiencies.” Not all analysts are convinced the company has turned its business around. “In reality, Valeant’s sales are declining, its leverage ratio has increased, and we think its pipeline is weak,” Wells Fargo analyst David Maris said in a note, rating the stock a sell, according to Bloomberg. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.5 percent gain from the previous close. France’s CAC40 Index added 0.3 percent, Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.4 percent, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index increased 0.6 percent. The global earnings recovery looks “impressive,” BlackRock chief investment strategist Richard Turnill wrote in a note, Bloomberg reported. He forecast more upside in European equities than in their US peers, and recommends diversifying geographically in equity portfolios. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media BusinessDesk Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. Contact BusinessDesk Email - editor@businessdesk.co.nz   Tweet         Business Headlines | Sci-Tech Headlines BUSINESS, SCIENCE & TECH   Crown Accounts: Increased Taxes, Lower Spend Helps Swell Government Coffers Increased revenue from taxes and lower expenses boosted the government's operating surplus above its forecasts in the first nine months of the financial year. More>> ALSO: NZ Govt - Nine month accounts show surplus of $1.5b NZ Treasury - Gov't of NZ Financial Statements: 9 months ended 31 March Act NZ - Perfect storm brewing for serious tax cuts NZ Taxpayers' Union - Crown accounts exploding – time for tax relief Statistics: Grocery And Liquor Retailing Lift Card Spending In April Retail spending using electronic cards was $5 billion in April 2017, up $218 million (4.5 percent) from April 2016. When adjusted for seasonal effects, monthly retail card spending rose 1.1 percent in April 2017 compared with March 2017. More>> The Banks Are All Right? IMF's NZ Finance Sector Report The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has declared New Zealand’s banking system to be resilient, but nevertheless recommended ways to improve the strength of the country’s financial sector and the regulatory framework... More>> ALSO: Businessdesk - Resilient NZ banking sector could use deeper capital buffers - IMF sees heightened risk of overheating economy - Westpac, BNZ see sense in RBNZ's capital review IMF - Executive Board Concludes 2017 Article IV Consultation with NZ NZ Govt - IMF reports positively on New Zealand Greens - National should act to protect New Zealanders’ savings - National should act to protect New Zealanders’ savings Financial Markets Authority - IMF NZ FSAP Assessment 2017 Motu Economic and Public Policy Research - NZ’s Distortionary Tax System Contributes to Housing Crisis NZ Taxpayers' Union - IMF Sounds Alarm: Cut Taxes To Get Debt Under Control Mark Rais - Fallacies promoting housing collapse - Mark Rais Earlier - Reserve Bank reveals threat to first home buyers  Submit News / Press Releases   Follow Scoop on Facebook   Follow Scoop on Twitter       Featured InfoPages     Bill Bennett on Tech Windows 10S — Microsoft tries locking down again 08 May | Bill Bennett Ten things we’ve learnt about this year’s phones 23 Apr | Bill Bennett Xero joins Silicon Valley elite as TCV invests 11:37 PM | Bill Bennett Huawei P10 review: A steady-as-you-go upgrade 17 Apr | Bill Bennett Don Christie says global IT giants all take, no gi... 13 Apr | Bill Bennett Spark, 2degrees unlimited mobile data plans reveal... 9:26 PM | Bill Bennett More  RSS   Business Scoop Valuecruncher Government beefs up funding for R&D growth grants ... 5:23 PM | admin Entertaining evening on wellbeing coming to Kaikou... 5:21 PM | admin Serious crash near Oamaru 5:19 PM | admin Seafood industry welcomes funding for endangered s... 4:56 PM | admin Avis offers more fleet choices than ever before! 4:55 PM | admin New Housing Affordability Measure released 4:48 PM | admin Incredible Skies: NZ to host drone trials in new a... 4:42 PM | admin More  RSS  News Alerts Valuecruncher data feeds 4:18 AM | The Crunch Updated Valuecruncher Dataset 02 Feb | The Crunch Guest Post – Andrew Smith on Apple (AAPL) 25 Nov | The Crunch Woodward Research provides free equity research re... 25 Nov | The Crunch Some quick thoughts on the LinkedIn ($LNKD) IPO 20 May | The Crunch Company of the Day Tweets – 30 December 2010 30 Dec | The Crunch NZX (New Zealand) Company of the Day Tweets – 30 D... 30 Dec | The Crunch More  RSS  News Alerts     Business SciTech Section Blogroll Business Business.scoop - Jonathan Underhill and Pattrick Smellie The Main Report - Trends In NZ Business NZ Transport Intelligence Briefing Profitable Agri-Business Farming News Finance NZ & AUS Shares Global Share Markets Global Currencies Oil Futures Spot Gold Science Weather Underground Te Papa's Blog Technology GPS fleet management ReadWriteWeb - Web Apps, Web Technology Trends, Social Networking & Social Media Scoop Newsagent News Intelligence Email Alerts      Contact  About  Services  View as: FULL SITE | MOBILE SITE Scoop Contact About Services Newsagent Connect Submit News Social Media Scoop Network Ethical Paywall Accredited Orgs. Licensing Terms of Use © Scoop Media  
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Playing Now Valeant swings to a profit - 01:03 Florida probes Tyson Foods, Pilgrim's Pride on chicken pricing - 01:22 UK exporters wary despite Brexit windfall - 01:48 Breakingviews TV: Toshiba’s partner woes - 04:05 Once tainted, Portugal's cork industry fights back - 01:42 Germany: stronger economy raises Merkel vote hopes - 01:46 Soviet-era town for the blind struggles for state aid - 01:44 Fox News complainant in UK over Sky-Fox deal - 01:46 Brexit export bounce buys caution - 02:00 China curbs hurt luxury sales in 'Great Gatsby' neighborhood - 02:21 Coach scored a bargain with $2.4 billion Kate Spade buy - Laura Champine of Roe Equity Research - 03:46 Wall Street slips after S&P hits record 1:50am IST - 01:22 A drop in energy shares offset a rally in consumer and tech stocks as Wall Street's fear gauge falls to its lowest in a more than a decade. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Upbeat earnings pushed the S&P 500 to a record intraday high for a second straight day, but the index ended Tuesday flat. A drop in energy shares offset a rally in consumer and tech stocks. Wall Street's fear gauge called the VIX hit its lowest level in more than a decade. Sam Stovall of CFRA Research on the market's lack of momentum: SOUNDBITE: SAM STOVALL, CHIEF INVESTMENT STRATEGIST, CFRA RESEARCH (ENGLISH) SAYING: "I think there's a lack of catalysts to propel it higher. But at the same time, there's also a lack of catalysts for fear to push it lower. I don't think investors really want to be bailing out of this kind of a market." Airline stocks like United and American flew higher. United reported a sharp rise in traffic for April. American raised its forecast for a key revenue metric, revenue per available seat mile. Marriott shares rose. Higher room rates and occupancy helped boost profit at the world's largest hotel chain's well beyond analysts' targets. Amazon.com cut its threshold for free shipping by $10 to $25. That undercuts Wal-Mart's $35 minimum. Valeant Pharmaceuticals catapulted higher. The troubled drugmaker swung to a quarterly profit from a loss and raised its earnings outlook for the full year. European shares rebounded from Monday's losses. Materials and healthcare stocks were the big gainers. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2phMqh6 <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371644269" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Wall Street slips after S&P hits record 1:50am IST - 01:22 Top News » French ex-PM defects to Macron's party Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:49) Rebels leave Damascus district under new deal Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:19) Iraqi forces clash with Islamic State... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (0:51) Obama addresses crowds at sold-out Milan food... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:21) Police fire rubber bullets and tear gas at... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (0:51) Banksy takes on Brexit in new mural Mon, 08 May, 2017 - (0:53) Le Pen licks wounds and works on party... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (2:02) Need for two-state solution in Palestine and... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:19) Early man coexisted with human-like species in... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:28) Russia shows off military might at Red Square... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:13) Rice chides Trump for criticizing judges,... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:43) After Macron win, Le Pen kickstarts rebrand Mon, 08 May, 2017 - (2:01) Rough Cuts » 'Drones are here to stay,' says co-curator of... 3:09am IST - (1:36) Chilean students clash with police at... 1:30am IST - (0:50) Prince Royce dances into the summer Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:40) NSA gave French a "heads up" on Russian... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:06) Iraqi forces clash with Islamic State... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (0:51) "You get the politicians you deserve": Obama Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:01) Obama addresses crowds at sold-out Milan food... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:21) Police fire rubber bullets and tear gas at... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (0:51) Need for two-state solution in Palestine and... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:19) Russia shows off military might at Red Square... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:13) Guy Ritchie's action-packed movie about King... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (2:10) Charlie Hunnam lands his dream job as King... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (2:09) Technology » The virtual doctor will see you now 4:49am IST - (1:51) Scientists create 'DIY acoustic kit' Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:46) Ostrich-like robot balances itself as it runs Mon, 08 May, 2017 - (0:59) Pike to help fight algal bloom in Baltic Sea Mon, 08 May, 2017 - (1:59) Moon rover debuts in 'Alien' movie Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:31) Microsoft, Apple scramble to keep up with... Thu, 04 May, 2017 - (1:37) VR to help patients suffering from balance... Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (2:40) FUTUREPROOF Episode Two, Part One Wed, 03 May, 2017 - (7:46) FUTUREPROOF Episode Two, Part Two Wed, 03 May, 2017 - (9:16) FUTUREPROOF Episode Two, Part Three Wed, 03 May, 2017 - (9:01) Construction of large neutrino telescope... Wed, 03 May, 2017 - (1:21) Floating apple orchard grows on barge in New... Wed, 03 May, 2017 - (2:02) Oddly Enough » In a Danish brewery, urine is the secret... Sat, 06 May, 2017 - (0:59) Lion's reverse vasectomy spawns new hope for... Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:09) 'Pisner' beer recycles your urine Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:57) Plastic buns race a highlight at Hong Kong... Thu, 04 May, 2017 - (1:05) The Cheese Rolling World Championship returns Tue, 02 May, 2017 - (0:56) Ancient Roman port in Israel to get facelift Fri, 28 Apr, 2017 - (1:07) Pope Francis launches free launderette for the... Wed, 26 Apr, 2017 - (0:59) Los Angeles mayor declares April 25 'La La... Thu, 27 Apr, 2017 - (1:26) White tiger cubs born in Austrian zoo Thu, 27 Apr, 2017 - (0:50) 'Pope Francis' Laundry' opens in Rome Wed, 26 Apr, 2017 - (1:20) Crabs invade Cuba's Bay of Pigs Wed, 26 Apr, 2017 - (1:10) Kenya's last northern white rhino joins Tinder Tue, 25 Apr, 2017 - (1:38) Entertainment » Grammys headed to New York City in 2018 3:33am IST - (0:59) 'Drones are here to stay,' says co-curator of... 3:09am IST - (1:36) Prince Royce dances into the summer Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:40) Pink Floyd retrospective exhibition previews... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (2:05) Guy Ritchie's action-packed movie about King... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (2:10) Ghost cities: If London had suffered like... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (2:19) Hard Times: show reveals Dickens the reporter Mon, 08 May, 2017 - (1:58) Kendrick Lamar stays atop Billboard album... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (1:10) Charlie Hunnam lands his dream job as King... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (2:09) Warner Bros release trailer for 'Blade Runner'... Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (2:18) Bill Clinton teams up with thriller author Tue, 09 May, 2017 - (0:56) Diversity and inclusion take center stage at... Mon, 08 May, 2017 - (1:53) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet While you were sleeping: Concern about complacency 10:41 May 10, 2017Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk May 10 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed, after touching record highs earlier in the day, as the price of oil fell and the US dollar rose.Wednesday 10 May 2017 07:31 AM While you were sleeping: Concern about complacency By Margreet Dietz May 10 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed, after touching record highs earlier in the day, as the price of oil fell and the US dollar rose. In 2.47pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.1 percent. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.3 percent. In 2.32pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell 0.1 percent. Earlier in the session the S&P 500 climbed to a record 2,403.87, while the Nasdaq touched an all-time high of 6,133.00. “In the short-term, investors can enjoy this run, but they should start to hedge their positions and look for safety,” Christian Magoon, chief executive at Amplify ETFs in Chicago, Illinois, told Reuters. “Given world events, common sense would say there should be at least average volatility in daily price movement on the S&P 500,” Magoon noted. “The index seems to be very lethargic.” Magoon wasn’t alone in his concern. “Does the lack of fear reflect an exhausted, tired market that believes zero volatility is normal, or is it an example of enormous complacency?” Bill Blain, a strategist at Mint Partners in London, asked in a note to clients, Bloomberg reported. Also warning against complacency, on the timing of interest rate increases by the Federal Open Market Committee, was Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester. “It’s important for the FOMC to remain very vigilant against falling behind as we continue to make progress on our goals,” Mester said in a speech on Monday in Chicago. “If we delay too long in taking the next normalisation step and then find ourselves in a situation where the labour market becomes unsustainably tight, price pressures become excessive and we have to move rates up steeply, we could risk a recession,” Mester warned. In the Dow, declines in shares of Chevron and those of Cisco, down 1.6 percent and 1.1 percent respectively, outweighed advances in shares of Nike and those of Wal-Mart, recently both up 1 percent. Energy stocks fell with the price of oil. In its monthly Short-Term Energy Outlook, the US Energy Information Administration forecast domestic output will rise to a record 9.96 million barrels a day in 2018, up from last month’s forecast for 9.9 million barrels. Meanwhile, shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals soared, trading 23.3 percent higher as of 2.47pm in New York, after the company posted its first profit in six quarters and upgraded its full-year earnings outlook. “Our first quarter performance demonstrates that we are delivering on our commitments,” Joseph Papa, Valeant’s chief executive officer, said in a statement. “We met our internal expectations, and we are continuing to make progress on our key initiatives, focus on the turnaround of our core businesses and improve internal operating efficiencies.” Not all analysts are convinced the company has turned its business around. “In reality, Valeant’s sales are declining, its leverage ratio has increased, and we think its pipeline is weak,” Wells Fargo analyst David Maris said in a note, rating the stock a sell, according to Bloomberg. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.5 percent gain from the previous close. France’s CAC40 Index added 0.3 percent, Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.4 percent, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index increased 0.6 percent. The global earnings recovery looks “impressive,” BlackRock chief investment strategist Richard Turnill wrote in a note, Bloomberg reported. He forecast more upside in European equities than in their US peers, and recommends diversifying geographically in equity portfolios. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Government beefs up funding for R&D growth grants by $74.6M Entertaining evening on wellbeing coming to Kaikoura Serious crash near Oamaru Seafood industry welcomes funding for endangered sea lions Avis offers more fleet choices than ever before! New Housing Affordability Measure released Incredible Skies: NZ to host drone trials in new airspace Global Women salutes revised NZX stance on diverse governance PM Continues to Thumb His Nose at Young Kiwis Cancer support changes far too little, certainly late Tax fraudster Barrie Skinner turned down by Parole Board Response to Govt Inquiry into water contamination Largest Hawke’s Bay tourism contingent to hit TRENZ New $5 million earthquake fund for farmers and growers NZX wants best practice in the boardroom with new governance Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2017 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 10 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman While you were sleeping: Concern about complacency Wednesday, 10 May 2017, 10:41 am Article: BusinessDesk Wednesday 10 May 2017 07:31 AM While you were sleeping: Concern about complacency By Margreet Dietz May 10 (BusinessDesk) – Wall Street was mixed, after touching record highs earlier in the day, as the price of oil fell and the US dollar rose. In 2.47pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.1 percent. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.3 percent. In 2.32pm trading, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index fell 0.1 percent. Earlier in the session the S&P 500 climbed to a record 2,403.87, while the Nasdaq touched an all-time high of 6,133.00. „In the short-term, investors can enjoy this run, but they should start to hedge their positions and look for safety,” Christian Magoon, chief executive at Amplify ETFs in Chicago, Illinois, told Reuters. „Given world events, common sense would say there should be at least average volatility in daily price movement on the S&P 500,” Magoon noted. “The index seems to be very lethargic.” Magoon wasn’t alone in his concern. “Does the lack of fear reflect an exhausted, tired market that believes zero volatility is normal, or is it an example of enormous complacency?” Bill Blain, a strategist at Mint Partners in London, asked in a note to clients, Bloomberg reported. Also warning against complacency, on the timing of interest rate increases by the Federal Open Market Committee, was Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester. “It’s important for the FOMC to remain very vigilant against falling behind as we continue to make progress on our goals,” Mester said in a speech on Monday in Chicago. “If we delay too long in taking the next normalisation step and then find ourselves in a situation where the labour market becomes unsustainably tight, price pressures become excessive and we have to move rates up steeply, we could risk a recession,” Mester warned. In the Dow, declines in shares of Chevron and those of Cisco, down 1.6 percent and 1.1 percent respectively, outweighed advances in shares of Nike and those of Wal-Mart, recently both up 1 percent. Energy stocks fell with the price of oil. In its monthly Short-Term Energy Outlook, the US Energy Information Administration forecast domestic output will rise to a record 9.96 million barrels a day in 2018, up from last month’s forecast for 9.9 million barrels. Meanwhile, shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals soared, trading 23.3 percent higher as of 2.47pm in New York, after the company posted its first profit in six quarters and upgraded its full-year earnings outlook. „Our first quarter performance demonstrates that we are delivering on our commitments,” Joseph Papa, Valeant’s chief executive officer, said in a statement. “We met our internal expectations, and we are continuing to make progress on our key initiatives, focus on the turnaround of our core businesses and improve internal operating efficiencies.” Not all analysts are convinced the company has turned its business around. “In reality, Valeant’s sales are declining, its leverage ratio has increased, and we think its pipeline is weak,” Wells Fargo analyst David Maris said in a note, rating the stock a sell, according to Bloomberg. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.5 percent gain from the previous close. France’s CAC40 Index added 0.3 percent, Germany’s DAX Index rose 0.4 percent, while the UK’s FTSE 100 Index increased 0.6 percent. The global earnings recovery looks “impressive,” BlackRock chief investment strategist Richard Turnill wrote in a note, Bloomberg reported. He forecast more upside in European equities than in their US peers, and recommends diversifying geographically in equity portfolios. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious JSR Life Sciences erweitert Amsphere™ A3 Produktionskapazität Next PostNext Rosenberger Medal winner Kerry James Marshall to deliver May 15 lecture Search Recent Posts Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Dairy Blends Market – Positive Long-Term Growth Outlook 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Agarwood Essential Oil Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4.2% by 2022 Industrial valves Market Worldwide: Latest Industry Trends, Trades, Supply, Demand, Future prospects by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
News News Crime Business Politics Local News Local News Temecula Riverside San Bernardino Moreno Valley Corona Lake Elsinore Murrieta Riverside County Hemet San Jacinto Norco Sports Sports HS GameTime Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels Padres Chargers USC UCLA College Sports Kings Ducks MMA/Boxing Soccer Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Casinos Music + Concerts Movies + TV Theater Events Home + Garden Travel Obituaries Opinion The Cannifornian Newsletters E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Crime Business Politics Local News Local News Temecula Riverside San Bernardino Moreno Valley Corona Lake Elsinore Murrieta Riverside County Hemet San Jacinto Norco Sports Sports HS GameTime Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels Padres Chargers USC UCLA College Sports Kings Ducks MMA/Boxing Soccer Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Casinos Music + Concerts Movies + TV Theater Events Home + Garden Travel Obituaries Opinion The Cannifornian Corona police seeking Anaheim man in fatal… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Suspect sought in hit-and-run Businesses evacuated after bomb threat New restaurants in Moreno Valley Mother’s Day brunch at casinos NewsCrime Corona police seeking Anaheim man in fatal hit-and-run investigation Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Anne Millerbernd | amillerbernd@scng.com and Ali Tadayon | atadayon@scng.com | The Press-Enterprise PUBLISHED: May 9, 2017 at 3:05 pm | UPDATED: May 9, 2017 at 7:38 pm Police are seeking an Anaheim man for questioning in connection with a hit-and-run in which the driver and passenger left the victim for dead on a Corona street Saturday, May 6. Eduardo Lopez, 20, of Anaheim is being sought for questioning in connection with a hit-and-run that killed a pedestrian Saturday, May 6, 2017, in Corona. (Photo courtesy of Corona Police Department) Corona police are asking for the public’s help in finding 20-year-old Eduardo Lopez, they announced Tuesday. Victim Jonathan Santos-Cantu, 20, of Corona was struck about 11:45 p.m. Saturday as he crossed Avenida Del Vista in the 800 block, police said. He suffered major trauma and died at the hospital. Police believe Lopez is one of two people witnesses saw immediately after the crash pushing a black four-door 2006 Lincoln LS into a nearby Wal-Mart parking lot and then fleeing on foot, Sgt. Paul Mercado said. Investigators believe the car had become disabled after striking Santos-Cantu, Mercado said. It is being processed as evidence. Corona police released photos of a black four-door 2006 Lincoln LS that they believe was involved in a hit-and-run that killed Jonathan Santos-Cantu, 20, of Corona on Saturday, May 6, 2017. The car was found disabled in a nearby Wal-Mart parking lot. (Photos courtesy of Corona Police Department) The car’s other occupant has been detained and is cooperating with police, Mercado said. That occupant has not been arrested. Investigators have not yet determined which of the two occupants was driving the car, Mercado said. They also are trying to figure out whom it belongs to; the car has a salvage title. Anyone with information about Lopez’s whereabouts or the hit-and-run may contact Officer Tim Najmulski at 951-817-5844 or Tim.Najmulski@CoronaCA.gov. Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Here are our 100 best photos from Coachella 2017 Why a new Riverside program lets you ask cops to pull over your car Riverside couple’s descendants — about 1,000 of them — gather in Jurupa Valley Norco’s Taylor Dockins sets CIF-Southern Section softball record for career wins Moreno Valley man accused of fraudulently taking money from 14 victims These are our 50 best photos from Stagecoach 2017 Tags:  Top Stories OCR Top Stories PE Anne Millerbernd Anne Millerbernd is the breaking news reporter for the Press-Enterprise in Riverside. She graduated from the University of Minnesota in 2015. Before joining the P-E, Anne interned at the St. Paul Pioneer Press, Minneapolis Star Tribune and Forum of Fargo-Moorhead. When she's not tracking cops and firefighters in western Riverside County, Anne can be found staring longingly at pictures of dogs and making fancy graphics for the internet. Follow Anne Millerbernd @annieanyway Ali Tadayon Ali Tadayon primarily covers crime in western Riverside County for the Southern California News Group. Follow Ali Tadayon @PE_alitadayon View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in News Deputies arrest Jurupa Valley man after drugs, gun found in vehicle Man arrested on suspicion of stealing trailer in Norco Wildomar man arrested on suspicion of possessing stolen items, stolen IDs in Temecula Fontana man arrested for trafficking minor, pimping victim in Santa Ana Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Company Store How to Advertise with Us Media Kit Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Advertising Sections Cars Classifieds Directory Real Estate Jobs Top Workplaces Find Us on Other Platforms Email Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Site Map Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Photo Reprints Reader Rewards Partners San Bernardino Sun Redlands Daily Facts The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Albertsons to distribute $4M to Safeway holders May 09, 2017 Easter shift, milder winter slows Ingles Q2 comps May 08, 2017 Kroger CIO: Data collection is our present and future May 05, 2017 Central has offer for 19 Strack & Van Til stores May 04, 2017 Schnucks names Peacock president, COO May 04, 2017 Featured Southeastern confirms 20 store closures; store management restructuring May 08, 2017 Sobeys announces ‘manifest’ restructuring May 05, 2017 Sprouts fights off pricing woes, beats estimates in Q1 May 04, 2017 Stater Bros. names Ciraulo SVP, fresh foods May 03, 2017 News>Retail & Financial Marsh warns of further closings Struggling retailer seeking buyer or business partners after “unexpected difficulties” Jon Springer | May 09, 2017 Marsh Supermarkets is seeking a white knight. The struggling Indianapolis retailer this week let state officials in Indiana know that it could close up to 16 additional stores if it can’t find a buyer or business partner within 60 days. The potential closures would come in addition to previously announced shuttering of 19 stores scheduled this month. Marsh, which operated 120 stores when acquired from its founding family by Sun Capital Partners in 2006, will operate just 45 stores following the closures this month, and 29 if it follows through on the 16 additional closures referred to in the letter (below) to the Indiana Department of Workforce Development dated Monday. The letter informed the agency of conditional notice requirements under the federal Worker Adjustment Retaining and Notification (WARN) act. In the letter, Marsh VP of Legal Affairs Ben Habegger said Marsh “has recently experienced a period of unexpected difficulties and increased competition resulting in poor sales performance.” It said the company was currently seeking a buyer or business partner that would allow the company to continue operations. Nearly 1,500 workers would be affected by the closures. As reported last month, Marsh has already made “drastic” cuts in its headquarters staff to help fight off financial challenges and was being asked by at least some supplier to pay cash-on-delivery for supplies. A former executive of the company said it was likely that Sun had established a “pecking order” of stores to be closed as it attempts to derive further income from the chain. Local reports said the company stopped rent payments at some locations and has engaged the New York investment bank Peter J. Solomon Co. to help it seek strategic alternatives. Solomon was also working with troubled Midwest distributor Central Grocers, which filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy code last week. Sources said some Midwest retailers are likely caught up in pricing pressures from Walmart, Kroger and Aldi in addition to an expansion of retail square footage by competitors and by the growing influence of internet shopping options. Walmart earlier this year extended its multi-billion dollar price investment scheme to certain Midwest markets. The list of 16 potentially closing stores includes six in Indianapolis and two each in Muncie and Zionsville, Ind., as well as single stores in Brownsville, Carmel, Greenwood, Kokomo and Marion, Ind. The list includes one of Marsh’s newest stores on West Michigan St. in downtown Indianapolis. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Kroger to unveil new convenience conceptMay 10, 2017 Independents shop for new suppliers in wake of Central Grocers bankruptcyMay 09, 2017 Albertsons to distribute $4M to Safeway holdersMay 09, 2017 Southeastern confirms 20 store closures; store management restructuringMay 09, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Sections Watchlist Signup • Login Search Home Latest News Markets Personal Finance Retirement Investing FA Center Economy & Politics Real Estate Quotes Video SectorWatch Profile Settings Email & Alerts Watchlist Games Bulletin US Europe Asia FX Rates Futures Range 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M 1Y 2Y Dow 20,975.78 -36.50 -0.17% S&P 500 2,396.92 -2.46 -0.10% Nasdaq 6,120.59 17.93 0.29% GlobalDow 2,745.68 -0.69 -0.03% Gold 1,221.40 5.30 0.44% Oil 46.15 0.27 0.59% S&P 500 Movers(%) MAR 6.4 AAL 4.8 UAL 4.8 UAA 4.2 SEE -8.9 TGNA -6.7 IFF -6.1 TDG -4.9 Latest NewsAll Times Eastern 3:01a U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens fractionally lower at 7,340.37 3:01a Stoxx Europe 600 opens fractionally lower at 395.70 2:56a Updated The New York Times will take you on a tour and teach you all about Brexit for $6,000 2:50a Opinion The ECB should avoid the temptation to cancel QE 2:51a Eni profit jumps as oil prices rebound 2:50a Barratt sees 2017 profit at top end of views 2:49a AstraZeneca asthma drug misses primary endpoint 2:28a ITV maintains outlook even as revenue falls 2:27a U.K. regulator may probe Capita-Vodafone deal 2:27a BAE trading in line; backs 2017 guidance to be replaced Home Investing Quotes Stocks United States WMT Compare Quotes Stock Screener Earnings Calendar Sectors NYSE WMT U.S.: NYSE Join TD Ameritrade Find a Broker Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Watchlist CreateWMTAlert After Hours Last Updated: May 9, 2017 7:06 p.m. EDT $ 76.70 -0.02 -0.03% After Hours Volume: 241.6K Close Chg Chg % $76.72 0.60 0.79% Advanced Charting 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y All $ % Vol 95.44% vs Avg. Volume: 8M 65 Day Avg. - 8.4M Open: 76.44 Close: 76.72 76.3300 Day Low/High 77.0500 Day Range 62.7200 52 Week Low/High 77.0500 Your Watchlist Customize MarketWatch Have Watchlists? Log in to see them here or sign up to get started. Create Account … or Log In Symbol Last Chg Chg % No Items in Watchlist There are currently no items in this Watchlist. Add Ticker to Watchlist (Go to Your Watchlist) No Saved Watchlists Create a list of the investments you want to track. Create Watchlist …or try this starter list Uh oh Something went wrong while loading Watchlist. Go to Watchlist Recently Viewed Tickers No Recent Tickers Visit a quote page and your recently viewed tickers will be displayed here. Search Tickers Overview Profile News Charts Financials Historical Quotes Analyst Estimates Options SEC Filings Insiders Key Data Open $76.44 Day Range 76.3300 - 77.0500 52 Week Range 62.7200 - 77.0500 Market Cap $230.76B Shares Outstanding 3.03B Public Float 1.46B Beta 0.55 Rev. per Employee $210.93K P/E Ratio 17.48 EPS $4.39 Yield 2.66% Dividend $0.51 Ex-Dividend Date Dec 7, 2017 Short Interest 35.62M 04/28/17 % of Float Shorted 2.45% Average Volume 8.39M Performance 5 Day 1.27% 1 Month 4.47% 3 Month 13.14% YTD 11.00% 1 Year 15.52% Recent News MarketWatch Other Dow Jones Want more portfolio diversification? Try different weights, not different assets May. 9, 2017 at 3:38 p.m. ET by Ryan Vlastelica FTSE 100 closes at 3-week high as oil tries for rebound May. 5, 2017 at 1:20 p.m. ET by Carla Mozee How to cut entertainment costs and still have fun May. 5, 2017 at 9:37 a.m. ET by Lauren Schwahn Cleveland’s police union to sue toy gun makers in battle against realistic designs May. 4, 2017 at 5:36 a.m. ET by Rachel Koning Beals 5 signs a consumer slowdown may kill this stock-market rally May. 3, 2017 at 3:32 p.m. ET by Jeff Reeves Miners, Sainsbury’s push FTSE 100 to a close in the red May. 3, 2017 at 12:09 p.m. ET by Sara Sjolin Top 4 U.K. supermarkets get Easter egg sales boost LONDON--The top four U.K. supermarket chains all grew sales in the 12 weeks ended April 23, as customers splashed out on Easter eggs and hot cross buns, despite continuing to lose market share to German retailers Aldi and Lidl, Kantar Worldpanel said Wednesday. May. 3, 2017 at 3:57 a.m. ET by MarketWatch.com Here’s a tip for investing after Trump’s 100-day checkup: Buy foreign stocks May. 1, 2017 at 12:26 p.m. ET by Shawn Langlois Apple’s cash stockpile expected to top a staggering $250 billion Apr. 30, 2017 at 6:28 p.m. ET by Tripp Mickle This is ‘as good as it gets,’ says Pacific Crest as it downgrades Amazon Apr. 29, 2017 at 11:20 a.m. ET by Barbara Kollmeyer Trade policies to help the Rust Belt overlook this key factor Apr. 28, 2017 at 4:13 p.m. ET by Ricardo Hausmann How eating less meat could save you more money Apr. 28, 2017 at 9:39 a.m. ET by Paul Shapiro Amazon's most sought-after clothing brands include Nike, Adidas and Under Armour Amazon.com Inc. is the second largest U.S. apparel retailer, according to the latest analysis from Morgan Stanley, and athletic brands top the list of most frequently purchased. Nike Inc. , adidas AG , Hanes and Under Armour Inc. were the most sought-after brands, with at least 20% of respondents naming them. Morgan Stanley AlphaWise polled 1,000 adults aged 18 and over from April 4 to April 12. "We expect consumer expectations around seeing more dressier and formal attire brands to grow as Amazon's private label brands gain traction," analysts wrote in the Friday note. Nearly half of respondents (46%) purchased clothes from Amazon in the last year, second only to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with 60%. And nearly half (47%) of likely Amazon apparel shoppers said they expect to buy more clothes from the e-commerce giant in the next 12 months and fewer pieces from other retailers. Analysts say Amazon's 2016 share gains came out of department stores and Target Corp. . Clothing sales at Amazon appears to be driven by Prime members, who are 1.5 times more likely than non-prime members to buy clothes from the site. Amazon shares are up 3% in premarket trading, and up 52.6% for the past year. The S&P 500 index is up 15.1% for the last 12 months. Apr. 28, 2017 at 9:01 a.m. ET by Tonya Garcia American Airlines’ stock sinks as pay-raise plan is panned by Wall Street Apr. 27, 2017 at 4:23 p.m. ET by Tomi Kilgore Amazon’s next customer: Americans who don’t have a bank account Apr. 27, 2017 at 4:10 p.m. ET by Maria LaMagna Shopping at Costco, and 5 other things that prove rich people are cheap Apr. 26, 2017 at 7:35 a.m. ET by Catey Hill Amazon’s Bezos could teach large companies a thing or two about strategy Apr. 22, 2017 at 4:57 p.m. ET by Yuval Atsmon Earth Day: Why supermarkets want to sell you ugly fruits and vegetables Apr. 22, 2017 at 1:27 p.m. ET by Maria LaMagna Mattel earnings: Kids are turning away from traditional toys Apr. 20, 2017 at 2:08 p.m. ET by Tonya Garcia Sam's Club revamps Member's Mark brand with premium products Sam's Club, a division of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. , said Tuesday that it has revamped its private label Member's Mark brand to include premium products. Items include sea salt caramels, honey sourced from a U.S. bee cooperative and all natural pulled pork created with help from pit masters at the Kansas City Barbeque Society. The brand will add 300 new items this year and plans to add another 300 next year. Merchandise spans across food, health and wellness, apparel and more. Wal-Mart shares are up 0.3% in Wednesday trading and up 7.2% for the year to date. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is up 3.9% for 2017 so far. Apr. 19, 2017 at 9:50 a.m. ET by Tonya Garcia U.S. Asks Wal-Mart to Pay $300 Million to Settle Bribery Probe U.S. authorities have asked Wal-Mart Stores to pay $300 million to settle a five-year investigation into foreign bribery, according to a person familiar with the talks, a penalty far less than what the Obama administration had sought. May. 9, 2017 at 5:46 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Discounters Seen Leading Retail Earnings Off-price remains well-positioned in the current environment, particularly favoring TJX and Ross Stores. May. 9, 2017 at 2:59 p.m. ET on Barron's Online Lyft Hangs Back From IPO, Despite Strong Markets The appetite for initial public offerings may be as strong as ever, but Lyft Inc. isn’t exactly racing towards a public filing. “We will go public when it is right for us,” said Brian Roberts, finance chief of the ride-hailing company, in an interview with CFO Journal. “We need to showcase the path to profitability.” May. 9, 2017 at 12:16 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more May. 9, 2017 at 6:31 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal GE Names New CIOs to Transportation, Power Units Monica Caldas, CIO for GE Transportation’s global services and digital solutions teams, now is CIO for the entire unit. She replaces Nancy Anderson, who was named CIO at GE Power. Both Ms. Caldas and Ms. Anderson report to GE CIO Jim Fowler. May. 8, 2017 at 3:24 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more May. 8, 2017 at 11:33 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Costco’s Special Payout Comes With Trade-Offs The chain keeps its regular dividends low, but supplements them with special payouts. May. 6, 2017 at 12:32 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Our Favorite Security Blanket: Big Tech Investors are flocking to tech stocks on worries that the economy may be rolling over. And all are waiting for the new iPhone. May. 6, 2017 at 12:03 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Wal-Mart Wants to Know When Your Milk Is About to Expire Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is thinking about using sensor technologies to track how much detergent a family has used or when milk is about to expire, according to a patent application made public Thursday, a sign the retailer is exploring new ways to fend off Amazon.com Inc. May. 4, 2017 at 6:32 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal How Oil and Wal-Mart Got in ‘Socially Responsible’ ETFs As demand for ethical investing increases, particularly among women and millennials, fund managers are retooling their strategies. Yet, few disclose details about how they use environmental, social and governance criteria. May. 4, 2017 at 4:23 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Grass-Fed Beef: A Discerning Carnivore’s Guide We love the notion that a happy cow yields great meat. Finally, the flavor of grass-fed beef is living up to the hype. Here’s where to get it and how to cook it. May. 4, 2017 at 1:49 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal U.S., Canada Both Practice Protectionism Trump is right about dairy supply management, but he’s wrong about the softwood-lumber dispute. May. 3, 2017 at 7:03 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Kroger: Best Idea in Food Retail Costco and Wal-Mart have proved to be safe havens in a highly competitive and evolving environment. May. 3, 2017 at 4:05 p.m. ET on Barron's Online UPS Tries a New Twist on Surge Pricing United Parcel Service is starting to ask major retailers to help pay for extra workers and surplus space on trucks when a retailer fails to ship as many packages as planned during peak periods. May. 1, 2017 at 6:46 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Amazon Apparel Zips Past Target, Dept. Stores Amazon is quickly gaining traction in apparel and now trails only Wal-Mart Stores. May. 1, 2017 at 11:20 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Stocks to Watch: Valeant, Tribune, Twitter Among the companies with shares expected to trade actively in Monday's session are Valeant Pharmaceutical Industries Inc., Tribune Media Co. and Twitter Inc. May. 1, 2017 at 9:19 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal The 10-Point: Gerard Baker on Trump Pushing For a Health Vote, Packaged-Food Giants’ Shrinking Shelf Space, Apple’s Cash Stockpile and More A personal, guided tour to the best scoops and stories every day in The Wall Street Journal, from Editor in Chief Gerard Baker. May. 1, 2017 at 7:07 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Big-Name Food Brands Lose Battle of the Grocery Aisle America’s packaged-food giants are losing the battle for retailers’ shelf space, complicating their efforts to break out of a yearslong slump. Apr. 30, 2017 at 10:10 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Apple’s Cash Hoard Set to Top $250 Billion Apple likely will report Tuesday that its cash hoard has topped a quarter of a trillion dollars—an unrivaled milestone that could ratchet up pressure on the tech giant to make splashier acquisitions or dole out more money to shareholders. Apr. 30, 2017 at 9:23 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Property Plays in an Aging Bull Market One key for real estate success: corporate tenants with entry barriers to entry, that can’t leave and want more space. Apr. 29, 2017 at 12:05 a.m. ET on Barron's Online Recent News Other News Press Releases U.S. Asks Wal-Mart to Pay $300 Million to Settle Bribery Probe U.S. authorities have asked Wal-Mart Stores to pay $300 million to settle a five-year investigation into foreign bribery, according to a person familiar with the talks, a penalty far less than what the Obama administration had sought. May. 9, 2017 at 5:46 p.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Berkshire Hathaway Annual Meeting: 4 Keys for Investors Berkshire Hathaway Annual Meeting: 4 Keys for Investors May. 9, 2017 at 4:08 p.m. ET on GuruFocus.com Losing Sleep Over Your Portfolio? Consider These Stocks May. 9, 2017 at 3:25 p.m. ET on Motley Fool Are Any of These Beaten Up Retailers Worth Buying? May. 9, 2017 at 3:12 p.m. ET on Motley Fool Discounters Seen Leading Retail Earnings Off-price remains well-positioned in the current environment, particularly favoring TJX and Ross Stores. May. 9, 2017 at 2:59 p.m. ET on Barron's Target's Next-Day Delivery: Fast Enough To Counter Amazon, Wal-Mart? Target (TGT) plans to test a next-day home-delivery service that sends "essentials" such as ground coffee and laundry detergent to customers' doorsteps. But whether that will be enough to catch up with Wal-Mart (WMT) and Amazon's (AMZN) advancements in the delivery space is an uncertainty. The "Target Restock" pilot service, which rolls out this summer in the Minneapolis area for REDcard users, will offer "thousands of household essentials" for an May. 9, 2017 at 10:20 a.m. ET on Investors Business Daily Time to Sell Target? 3 Things You Need to Know May. 9, 2017 at 12:48 p.m. ET on Motley Fool Why JD.Com Inc(ADR) (JD) Stock Has More Room to Run Why JD.Com Inc(ADR) (JD) Stock Has More Room to Run May. 9, 2017 at 12:17 p.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Amazon lowers free shipping threshold to $25 Amazon lowers free shipping threshold to $25 May. 9, 2017 at 11:26 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Target Tries to Answer Amazon and Wal-Mart's Shipping Dominance May. 9, 2017 at 9:53 a.m. ET on Motley Fool Plug Power Inc (PLUG) Stock Delivers a Loss Despite Amazon.com, Inc’s (AMZN) Boost Plug Power Inc (PLUG) Stock Delivers a Loss Despite Amazon.com, Inc’s (AMZN) Boost May. 9, 2017 at 9:37 a.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Target Restock: Target to Test Next-Day Delivery Service Target Restock: Target to Test Next-Day Delivery Service May. 9, 2017 at 9:47 a.m. ET on InvestorPlace.com Amazon Lowers Minimum Order for Free Shipping to $25 Amazon has lowered the minimum order size for non-Prime members to qualify for free shipping to $25. May. 9, 2017 at 8:25 a.m. ET on Investopedia.com Sitrin Capital Management LLC Buys Pfizer Inc, Target Corp, Sells Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Chevron ... Sitrin Capital Management LLC Buys Pfizer Inc, Target Corp, Sells Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Chevron Corp, Zions Bancorp May. 9, 2017 at 7:38 a.m. ET on GuruFocus.com Wall Street Breakfast: Apple Valuation Reaches $800B Wall Street Breakfast: Apple Valuation Reaches $800B May. 9, 2017 at 7:04 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Amazon Drops Free Shipping Minimum to $25 Free shipping tactics have become a major part of retail competition for online customers. The news of Amazon's $25 minimum is another salvo in the free shipping wars. May. 9, 2017 at 5:53 a.m. ET on 247WallSt.com Today’s Top Supply Chain and Logistics News From WSJ Delivering up-to-the minute news, analysis, interviews and explanatory journalism on logistics, supply-chain management, e-commerce and more May. 9, 2017 at 6:31 a.m. ET on The Wall Street Journal Target to test next-day delivery Target to test next-day delivery May. 9, 2017 at 2:15 a.m. ET on Seeking Alpha Wal-Mart and Amazon Are in a Retail Turf War May. 8, 2017 at 4:51 p.m. ET on Motley Fool Wal-Mart Gains On Amazon; Ferrari Ousts Tesla: Analysts Analyst actions on Monday included price-target hikes for Wal-Mart (WMT), Ferrari (RACE) and Priceline (PCLN), and a downgrade for Micron Technology (MU). Wal-Mart Deutsche Bank raised its price target for the Dow Jones industrial average component retailer to 81 from 71, keeping a hold rating. Analyst Paul Trussell sees Jet.com helping Wal-Mart to become a credible competitor to Amazon (AMZN). Wal-Mart reports earnings before the open on May 18. May. 8, 2017 at 11:26 a.m. ET on Investors Business Daily Stock Options Trade Ideas for Advanced Micro Devices, Facebook, Netflix, NVIDIA and Walmart Stores Inc. Stock Options Trade Ideas for Advanced Micro Devices, Facebook, Netflix, NVIDIA and Walmart Stores Inc. May. 5, 2017 at 9:31 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Walmart Slashes Prices Again on Domestic Money Transfers While Launching Mobile Money Sending Platform Walmart Slashes Prices Again on Domestic Money Transfers While Launching Mobile Money Sending Platform Apr. 26, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Partnership with Sam's Club for Puerto Rico Long Island Iced Tea Corp. Announces New Partnership with Sam's Club for Puerto Rico Apr. 25, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on Marketwired Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update Apr. 20, 2017 at 4:46 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Discount, Variety Stores Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Wal-Mart, Target, Dollar General, and Burlington Stores Discount, Variety Stores Stocks on Investors' Radar -- Wal-Mart, Target, Dollar General, and Burlington Stores Apr. 20, 2017 at 6:30 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain Apr. 19, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Sam’s Club Reinvents Its Member’s Mark Private Brand Sam’s Club Reinvents Its Member’s Mark Private Brand Apr. 19, 2017 at 6:01 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Walmart Opens 100th Training Academy in the U.S. Walmart Opens 100th Training Academy in the U.S. Apr. 17, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Walmart’s “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” Campaign Calls on the Public to Join the Fight Against Hunger and Make a Difference in their Local Communities Walmart’s “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” Campaign Calls on the Public to Join the Fight Against Hunger and Make a Difference in their Local Communities Apr. 17, 2017 at 8:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Advanced Microgrid Solutions to Design, Install and Operate 40 MWh of Advanced Energy Storage Systems at Select U.S. Walmart Stores Advanced Microgrid Solutions to Design, Install and Operate 40 MWh of Advanced Energy Storage Systems at Select U.S. Walmart Stores Apr. 11, 2017 at 12:00 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Retail Management Combined With Innovative Branding Solutions Forming New Revenue Generating Opportunities Retail Management Combined With Innovative Branding Solutions Forming New Revenue Generating Opportunities Mar. 30, 2017 at 8:45 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Brand New Sam’s Club to Bring Innovative Shopping Experience to Keller Brand New Sam’s Club to Bring Innovative Shopping Experience to Keller Mar. 29, 2017 at 12:55 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Grand Opening of Brunswick Sam’s Club Set for Thursday Grand Opening of Brunswick Sam’s Club Set for Thursday Mar. 29, 2017 at 12:44 p.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Top WBENC Consumer Companies Join Together for the First Time in Collective Initiative to Source from Women-Owned Businesses Top WBENC Consumer Companies Join Together for the First Time in Collective Initiative to Source from Women-Owned Businesses Mar. 29, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX National Pro BBQ Tour Kicks Off 7th Season National Pro BBQ Tour Kicks Off 7th Season Mar. 28, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. ET on Marketwired Stock Options Reports: Covered Call Trades for American Airlines, Mattel Inc, Nike, NVIDIA and Walmart Stores Inc. Stock Options Reports: Covered Call Trades for American Airlines, Mattel Inc, Nike, NVIDIA and Walmart Stores Inc. Mar. 23, 2017 at 9:31 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Movie Lovers, Rejoice: Walmart’s Vudu Launches First Mobile Service that Transforms DVDs and Blu-rays into a Digital Collection Movie Lovers, Rejoice: Walmart’s Vudu Launches First Mobile Service that Transforms DVDs and Blu-rays into a Digital Collection Mar. 23, 2017 at 12:01 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX Walmart Will Hold Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on June 2 Walmart Will Hold Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on June 2 Mar. 20, 2017 at 10:58 a.m. ET on BusinessWire - BZX The Demand for Intelligent Vending Machines The Demand for Intelligent Vending Machines Mar. 16, 2017 at 9:00 a.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Automotive E-tailing Market by Vehicle Type, Vendor, Product Label, Components, Technology, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 Automotive E-tailing Market by Vehicle Type, Vendor, Product Label, Components, Technology, and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 Mar. 15, 2017 at 5:43 p.m. ET on PR Newswire - PRF Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. engages in retail and wholesale business. It operates through the following business segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam's Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes retail store and digital retail operations in the U.S. It also offers financial services and related products such as money orders, prepaid cards, wire transfers, check cashing, and bill payment. The Walmart International segment is categorized into retail, wholesale, and other formats operations outside the U.S. These categories include supercenters, supermarkets, hypermarkets, warehouse clubs, Sam's Clubs, cash and carry, home improvement, specialty electronics, apparel store, drug stores, convenience stores, and digital retail. The Sam's Club segment comprises membership-only warehouse clubs and samsclubs.com. It offers specialty services, auto buying, pharmacy, optical, hearing aid centers, tire and battery centers, and business operations support services. The company was founded by Samuel Moore Walton and James Lawrence Walton on July 2, 1962 and is headquartered in Bentonville, AR. (See Full Profile) Analyst Ratings Sell Under Hold Over Buy Number of Ratings 34 Full Ratings Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For May 9, 2017 May. 9, 2017 at 9:27 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Vive La France: Election Out Of The Way, Focus Returns To Earnings And Data May. 8, 2017 at 10:16 a.m. ET on Benzinga.com Earnings: What Might Be Expected When Amazon Reports Q1 Results? Apr. 27, 2017 at 1:08 p.m. ET on Benzinga.com Competitors Name Chg % Market Cap Amazon.com Inc. 0.40% $453.62B Costco Wholesale Corp. 0.02% $75.78B eBay Inc. 1.44% $35.98B Sears Holdings Corp. -0.28% $1.13B Dollar Tree Inc. 0.60% $19.44B Competitor Data Provided By Partner Content Back to Top MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Copyright © 2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Trending Tickers Powered by SNAP 3.83% NVDA 0.17% YELP -2.80% DIS 0.58% ACIA 3.33% Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Video Center Learn more. Storyful, a division of News Corp, which owns MarketWatch, is a leading social media services company headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. Storyful combines world class journalism with industry-leading technology to discover, verify and acquire original content and provide the on-the-ground sources news and media organizations need to tell the stories that matter to their audience.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. Declares Quarterly Dividend Globe Newswire   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 09, 2017 5:45pm   Comments Share: AUBURN, Ala., May 09, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) -- On May 9, 2017, the Board of Directors of Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. (NASDAQ:AUBN) declared a second quarter $0.23 per share cash dividend, payable June 26, 2017 to shareholders of record as of June 9, 2017. About Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. (the "Company") is the parent company of AuburnBank (the "Bank"), with total assets of approximately $843 million. The Bank is an Alabama state-chartered bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System and has operated continuously since 1907. Both the Company and the Bank are headquartered in Auburn, Alabama. The Bank conducts its business in East Alabama, including Lee County and surrounding areas. The Bank operates full-service branches in Auburn, Opelika, Valley, and Notasulga, Alabama.  In-store branches are located in the Kroger and Walmart SuperCenter stores in Opelika. The Bank also operates a commercial loan production office in Phenix City, Alabama. Additional information about the Company and the Bank may be found by visiting www.auburnbank.com. For additional information, contact: 
E.L. Spencer, Jr. 
President, CEO and 
Chairman of the Board 
(334) 821-9200 View Comments and Join the Discussion!   View the discussion thread. Trending Recent 1 ASUR, HZNP: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 IBM, BRK-B: Jim Cramer On IBM's Future After Buffett Cut Stake 3 REPH, HTZ: 25 Stocks Moving In Tuesday's Pre-Market Session 4 AES, BDC: 10 Stocks To Watch For May 8, 2017 5 EA, DIS: 12 Stocks To Watch For May 9, 2017 6 SWX, XEC: Earnings Scheduled For May 8... 7 GM, CAT: One Year Later: A Loo... 1 XLF, SPY: Seth Merrin Talks Dark Pools, President Trump And Warns Of A Fintech Bubble 2 FCX, M: Jon Najarian Sees Unusual Options Activity In Macy's And Free... 3 P, SFLY: Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From May 9 4 NVDA: Nvidia Soars After Big Q1 Beat 5 YELP: Yelp Decimated On Poor Guidance 6 DIS: Disney Beats Q2 EPS Estimates, Revenues Fall A B... 7 TOT, RDS-A: Optimism Gushes Forth: Oil's Q1 E... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products
Home News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News News Team Sky Drone 12 News Links Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Power Outages Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Events Calendar TV Schedule Contests & Sweepstakes About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts 47° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 58° F Lo: 40° F Detailed 7 Day Live Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News News Team Sky Drone 12 News Links Featured: 38 Studios Aaron Hernandez First 100 Days Special Reports UHIP Westport Farm Abuse Latest Headlines RI lawmakers consider limiting domestic abusers’ gun access May 9, 2017 The House Judiciary Committee is scheduled to hold a Tuesday hearing on the bill. Kilmartin, Raimondo still at odds over ‘revenge porn’ as lawmakers consider bills May 9, 2017 The attorney general’s office and governor’s administration have both filed bills aiming to criminalize the practice. Barrington man, 19, faces judge in Penn State hazing death May 9, 2017 Archive contains thousands of pieces of Cianci memorabilia May 9, 2017 Woman in serious condition after head-on crash with Tiverton fire truck May 9, 2017 Weather Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Power Outages Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Featured: Storm Ready Resource Guide Current Conditions 47° F Scattered Clouds Feels Like: 43° F Wind: NNW 9 Humidity: 71% Dewpoint: 38° F Sunrise: 5:32 AM Sunset: 7:53 PM Live Radar & Futurecasts Live Radar 7 Day Futurecast Currently Ocean Sponsored by: Target 12 Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates Featured: 38 Studios Gordon Fox Investigation PawSox Future Special Reports Where's the Chief? Latest Headlines Newsmakers 5/5/2017: Congressman Joe Kennedy May 5, 2017 The representative from Massachusetts’ 4th District reacts to passage of a GOP health care bill in the House and its potential impact. RI aims to kick 20,000 off Medicaid by August May 2, 2017 IN-DEPTH “Our approach is to move as aggressively as we can but not any faster than that,” the state leader in charge said. Dozens charged, none imprisoned for street racing in law’s first 10 years May 1, 2017 Fire captain, injured in Providence blaze, now in battle over promotion April 28, 2017 Newsmakers 4/28/2017: Secretary of State Nellie Gorbea; Providence politics April 28, 2017 12 for Action 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Featured: Gas Tracker Latest Headlines Dance studio owner ordered to pay thousands to former employees, students May 9, 2017 Marlaina Rapoza, owner of the now-defunct Triple Threat Performing Arts Center in Warwick, was also sentenced to probation. As online sales continue to rise, more storefronts sitting vacant May 8, 2017 Online sales are expected to jump 8 to 12 percent this year while traditional stores face uncertainty and closures. Frozen waffles, pancakes, french toast recalled due to Listeria risk May 8, 2017 Fire, burn hazards prompt recall of window blind batteries May 8, 2017 Washington student honors grandfather with senior project May 7, 2017 Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a Featured: Audrey McClelland Jill Marinelli On The Rhode RI Monthly Roger Williams Park Zoo Latest Headlines Get your free Rhode Island Care Act Wallet Card May 9, 2017 You can download a convenient Rhode Island Care Act wallet card that will provide you with quick access to the information you need to know … Magician for the New England Patriots stops by May 9, 2017 John Logan is known at the Official Magician for the New England Patriots, and he stopped by “The Rhode Show” set on Tuesday morning to shar… Flowers for Mother’s Day May 9, 2017 In the Kitchen: Seared Yellowfin Tuna May 9, 2017 Keep your healthy glow this National Melanoma Skin Cancer Detection and Prevention Month May 9, 2017 On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Events Calendar TV Schedule Contests & Sweepstakes About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts Search for: Search the site 47° F Scattered Clouds Hi: 58° F Lo: 40° F Planet Fitness coming to Rhode Island Mall By Kim Kalunian Published: May 9, 2017, 5:37 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Related Coverage City says Rhode Island Mall getting pub, Dick’s Sporting Goods New owners of RI Mall announce first tenant Reconstruction of RI Mall to begin soon WARWICK, R.I. (WPRI) – Planet Fitness will be the newest tenant at the once-vacant Rhode Island Mall, according to the property’s developer. The gym franchise is expected to open its doors in late 2017, according to P. David Bramble, managing partner at MCB Real Estate, which bought the mall in mid-2015. The former shopping center opened as the Midland Mall in 1967, when it was the first two-story mall in the state. But after years of decline it lost its final interior stores in 2011, and the empty shell sat vacant until Burlington Coat Factory opened last summer. MCB acquired the mall from Winstanley Enterprises and Surrey Equities, which had hoped to turn it into factory outlets. MCB converted the two-level, open-atrium mall into several big box stores. Bramble said with the addition of Planet Fitness the mall is now at 85% occupancy, but can still accommodate one or two other tenants. He wouldn’t say specifically which potential tenants may be coming in the future, but said some are already expressing interest in filling the space. “My guess is that we’ll have all the leases done by the end of the year,” he said. “And we’ll be fully open and fully occupied by the middle to the end of next year.” In addition to Planet Fitness, a new Dick’s Sporting Goods will also soon be opening inside the mall. The mall’s current tenants include Wal-Mart, Kohl’s and Sears, though the latter has been closing stores across the country. “Do we think Sears will survive long term? I don’t think anybody really believes that,” Bramble said. “But we do believe in the quality of the real estate.” Bramble said if Sears does close in Warwick down the line, he’s confident there will be another tenant waiting in the wings. Share this: Email Print Twitter Facebook Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Send to Kindle Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts City says Rhode Island Mall getting pub, Dick’s Sporting Goods As online sales continue to rise, more storefronts sitting vacant RI’s Ross-Simons optimistic about the future BofA settles lawsuit over Superman building Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Busted in Southern New England Mugshot Gallery: April 2017 April 17, 2017 A collection of mugshots showing suspects recently arrested in Southern New England. Trending Now on WPRI.com Must See Photo Galleries Latest Galleries Photos: Somewhere over the rainbow | May 6, 2017 Mugshot Gallery: April 2017 Photos: 2017 Boston Marathon Massive fire destroys West Greenwich home Photos: Opening Day at Fenway Park News Links Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WPRI 12 Eyewitness News © 1998-2017 WPRI.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Target 12 Call 12 for Action Report It! Rhode Show Community Station About Us Contact Us Advertise Work for Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC File – WPRI EEO Report Children’s TV Report Nexstar Partners CBS FOX CNN WTNH WWLP On Air Live Streaming TV Schedule FOX Providence Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:07pm Wed 10 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Concern about complacency, Wall St mixed 8:25 AM Wednesday May 10, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Markets Wall Street was mixed, after touching record highs earlier in the day. Photo / AP Wall Street was mixed, after touching record highs earlier in the day, as the price of oil fell and the US dollar rose. In 2.47pm trading in New York, the Dow Jones Industrial Average slipped 0.1 per cent. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.3 per cent. In 2.32pm trading, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index fell 0.1 per cent. Earlier in the session the S&P 500 climbed to a record 2,403.87, while the Nasdaq touched an all-time high of 6,133.00. "In the short-term, investors can enjoy this run, but they should start to hedge their positions and look for safety," Christian Magoon, chief executive at Amplify ETFs in Chicago, Illinois, told Reuters. "Given world events, common sense would say there should be at least average volatility in daily price movement on the S&P 500," Magoon noted. "The index seems to be very lethargic." Magoon wasn't alone in his concern. "Does the lack of fear reflect an exhausted, tired market that believes zero volatility is normal, or is it an example of enormous complacency?" Bill Blain, a strategist at Mint Partners in London, asked in a note to clients, Bloomberg reported. Also warning against complacency, on the timing of interest rate increases by the Federal Open Market Committee, was Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester. "It's important for the FOMC to remain very vigilant against falling behind as we continue to make progress on our goals," Mester said in a speech on Monday in Chicago. "If we delay too long in taking the next normalisation step and then find ourselves in a situation where the labour market becomes unsustainably tight, price pressures become excessive and we have to move rates up steeply, we could risk a recession," Mester warned. Continued below. Related Content New Zealand still seeking answers from Australia on citizenship changes Score a dream job at the games Your Views: Readers' Letters In the Dow, declines in shares of Chevron and those of Cisco, down 1.6 per cent and 1.1 per cent respectively, outweighed advances in shares of Nike and those of Wal-Mart, recently both up 1 per cent. Energy stocks fell with the price of oil. In its monthly Short-Term Energy Outlook, the US Energy Information Administration forecast domestic output will rise to a record 9.96 million barrels a day in 2018, up from last month's forecast for 9.9 million barrels. Meanwhile, shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals soared, trading 23.3 per cent higher as of 2.47pm in New York, after the company posted its first profit in six quarters and upgraded its full-year earnings outlook. "Our first quarter performance demonstrates that we are delivering on our commitments," Joseph Papa, Valeant's chief executive officer, said in a statement. "We met our internal expectations, and we are continuing to make progress on our key initiatives, focus on the turnaround of our core businesses and improve internal operating efficiencies." Not all analysts are convinced the company has turned its business around. "In reality, Valeant's sales are declining, its leverage ratio has increased, and we think its pipeline is weak," Wells Fargo analyst David Maris said in a note, rating the stock a sell, according to Bloomberg. In Europe the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.5 per cent gain from the previous close. France's CAC40 Index added 0.3 per cent, Germany's DAX Index rose 0.4 per cent, while the UK's FTSE 100 Index increased 0.6 per cent. The global earnings recovery looks "impressive," BlackRock chief investment strategist Richard Turnill wrote in a note, Bloomberg reported. He forecast more upside in European equities than in their US peers, and recommends diversifying geographically in equity portfolios. - BusinessDesk Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland news in brief Northland news briefs Hawke's Bay Today Regional council failings highlighted in Havelock North water inquiry While it did not cause August's gastro outbreak, failings found on part of HBRC Bay of Plenty Times Hammer-wielding offenders caught on camera robbing Tauranga dairy Video footage of two male thugs shoving cash and cigarettes into a backpack was released… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Remarkable 'barn find' pre-WW2 classics for sale at auction Wide range of weird and wonderful classics in England going under the hammer... Viva Restaurant review: Frida, Viaduct Jesse Mulligan yearns for more hits than misses at Viaduct Mexican restaurant Frida True Commercial Commercial expansion for Onehunga Onehunga’s growth is transforming the local commercial property market. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 10 May 2017 18:45:58 Processing Time: 20ms
search-icon GOD LIFE CULTURE CURRENT PODCAST MAGAZINE STORE ABOUT SUPPORT STORE ADVERTISE CONTACT GOD LIFE CULTURE CURRENT SUBSCRIBE MAGAZINE PODCAST The Surprising Way You Can Actually Change the World Everyone can have an impact. BY HEATHER REYNOLDS DEEPER WALK May 09, 2017 219 TWEET Most of us go on a mission trip—to orphanages, inner-city neighborhoods, the hollows of Appalachia—with a desire to impact the people we meet. We begin with a desire to do good, to see change and to be a part of something meaningful. But the truth is, when we go to these places and meet the real people who live there, we are the ones who leave changed. I’ve led more mission trips than I can count, and over and over again I see the same narrative take place. The people who come to give are the ones who end up receiving far more from the experience. It’s not what most people initially expect to happen, but it does. Through my own travels and cross-cultural relationships, my faith has been refined and challenged by the most unlikely people—homeless people under bridges; students from small, indigenous villages; and local pastors who are deeply invested in their work. As a result of these relationships, I’ve started to have a shift in mindset and ask different questions about my role in the world. Here are a few that keep coming up, even though sometimes just asking the question can feel like I’m pushing against what I was always told about missions. What if it’s not my job to change the world? As a millennial Christian living in the United States, it seems almost heretical not to embrace the call to change the world. I went to a Christian university that had a course titled “World Changers” and a “World-Changer Hall of Fame” which recognized Christian leaders who had an influence in mainstream culture—football coaches, authors, artists. And there’s nothing wrong with celebrating their contributions to the world. They’re all important, deserving people. But as I’ve visited new places and wrestled with hard questions about my own faith, I’ve begun to question this calling. Does it actually come from Jesus or is it more an anthem of the American church? After all, Jesus never asked us to change the world—at least, He didn’t use those words. As Americans, we like to see results. During short-term mission trips, we often ask the question, “What am I going to do?” because we feel the legitimacy of our time and donor support hinges on this question. We’re on a fixed schedule. We don’t have forever to see meaningful change happen. We want to build the building, see a record number of children show up for the VBS program and take home “before and after” pictures from the community cleanup day. But is this kind of change really what we are called to? Is there something more? The problem is, our agenda often distinguishes us (the people going) as the heroes—as if we’re the ones with everything figured out and everyone should look more like us. Especially when we’re working in a cross-cultural setting, the American (or more privileged) voice is often the loudest in the room. We unintentionally start with the assumption that our Western culture has it all figured out instead of listening to people who might have a different perspective. I love the story of a Kenyan pastor who likes to visit Walmart whenever he is in the United States. He says, “I discover solutions to problems I never even thought of!” As Americans, we don’t like to live with problems. We value efficiency and cleanliness and results. But sometimes in our eagerness to do good for someone, we end up treating them like a target for our charity. We focus our attention on the physical needs and forget to see the richness many communities possess in the form of relationships, faith or connectedness to creation. When we are focused on doing, we miss out on learning. What if instead of trying to change people, we started by looking at our own lives first? Although Jesus never asked us to change the world, He does call us to live a life that is worthy of being called salt and light in the world. It’s a command we need to take seriously. And it may start with evaluating our own hearts. I love the Scripture in 1 Peter 3:15 that says, “But in your hearts revere Christ as Lord. Always be prepared to give an answer to everyone who asks you to give the reason for the hope that you have. But do this with gentleness and respect.” This verse implies that our lives will be such a striking reflection of Christ that people will ask about Him—so we have to be ready with an answer. A gentle answer that keeps the door open for more conversations. A gracious tone that gives people the space they need to grow. This approach is so different than the way most of us are told we should be sharing our faith. What if we let our lives do the talking? At Experience Mission, we often challenge mission trip team members to slow down as they enter a new community and culture and ask the question, “How am I going to live?” This question shifts the focus from going and doing and documenting and leaving, and instead challenges us to press pause—to slow down and enjoy everyday moments with the people we meet. When we set our to-do list aside, we start to love people better. If we lead with our agenda, what happens when people don’t change right away? Love is authentic when it doesn’t have conditions. People feel dignified when they know they aren’t just a target or a project. Change is lasting when it isn’t forced. Our purpose is clear when we recognize we are simply part of the harvesting process that we read about in 1 Corinthians 5, “Some plant, some water, some see the harvest—but God is at the center of the growth.” When we go into a mission trip with a to-do list instead of a genuine love for people—we’ll leave disappointed. Most walls need another coat of paint. Most people aren’t free from addictions in a week. Most community or cultural issues are so deeply rooted that it could take years to see transformation. But when we paint and build and connect and serve in a way that lets our lives reflect Jesus, we can begin to have the type of impact we hope for. We might not change the world, but we may be lucky enough to love someone well and receive something in return. HEATHER REYNOLDS has worked for Experience Mission since 2011 and is currently the Director of the IMMERSION program. Her most recent trip to the Middle East has sparked an even greater passion for sharing stories and asking hard questions about faith. SHARE TWEET SHARE TWEET DISCUSS TRENDING lsb-trending-x 1 RELATIONSHIPS lsb-trending-share 2477 The Big Lie Everyone Believes About Having Kids 2 FILM lsb-trending-share 1867 The Spiritual Reason We’re Drawn to Disney Remakes 3 DEEPER WALK lsb-trending-share 1726 Here’s Why Lent Still Matters 4 CURRENT lsb-trending-share 1487 Why All Christians Should Celebrate St. Patrick’s Day RECOMMENDED FOR YOU DEEPER WALK The Surprising Way You Can Actually Change the World DEEPER WALK Why the Beatitudes Are Still So Revolutionary DEEPER WALK ‘Legalism’ Isn’t Always a Bad Thing CURRENT ISSUE READ NOW SUBSCRIBE WATCH / LISTEN lsb-trending-x sfooter-listen-play THE SHAUNA NIEQUIST PODCAST / E S01 Episode 01: Tsh Oxenreider sfooter-listen-play RELEVANT PODCAST / E549 Episode 549: John Crist & Antoinette Robertson sfooter-listen-play RELEVANT PODCAST / E548 Episode 548: Jenn Johnson GET RELEVANT IN YOUR INBOX footer-email-icon Signing up agrees to our terms and use. ADVERTISE WITH US / WRITE FOR US ABOUT US / CONTACT US / SUBSCRIBER SERVICES TERMS OF SERVICE / PRIVACY POLICY © 2017 RELEVANT Media Group. All Rights Reserved FOLLOW US GET RELEVANT IN YOUR INBOX footer-email-icon Signing up agrees to our terms and use. ADVERTISE WITH US / WRITE FOR US ABOUT US / CONTACT US / SUBSCRIBER SERVICES TERMS OF SERVICE / PRIVACY POLICY © 2017 RELEVANT Media Group. All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . While you were sleeping: UPDATED Apple becomes first $US800 billion company Margreet Dietz Wednesday May 10, 2017 Share Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland president Loretta Mester warned against complacency Play NBR radio on Wall Street was mixed, after touching record highs earlier in the day, as the price of oil fell and the US dollar rose. At the close of trading, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 36.50 points, or 0.17%, to 20,975.78. However, the Nasdaq Composite Index gained 0.3% to 6120.59, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index fell 0.1% to 2396.92. Earlier in the session the S&P 500 climbed to a record 2403.87, while the Nasdaq touched an all-time high of 6,133.00. Shares of Apple rose 0.6% to an all-time high of $US153.96, sending its market capitalisation above $US800 billion, a first for any US company. "In the short-term, investors can enjoy this run, but they should start to hedge their positions and look for safety," Christian Magoon, chief executive at Amplify ETFs in Chicago, Illinois, told Reuters. "Given world events, common sense would say there should be at least average volatility in daily price movement on the S&P 500," he says. "The index seems to be very lethargic." Mr Magoon isn't alone in his concern. "Does the lack of fear reflect an exhausted, tired market that believes zero volatility is normal, or is it an example of enormous complacency?" Bill Blain, a strategist at Mint Partners in London, asked in a note to clients, Bloomberg reported. Also warning against complacency, on the timing of interest rate increases by the Federal Open Market Committee, was Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland President Loretta Mester. "It's important for the FOMC to remain very vigilant against falling behind as we continue to make progress on our goals," she said in a speech on Monday in Chicago. "If we delay too long in taking the next normalisation step and then find ourselves in a situation where the labour market becomes unsustainably tight, price pressures become excessive and we have to move rates up steeply, we could risk a recession," Mester warned. Oil stocks fall In the Dow, declines in shares of Chevron and those of Cisco, down 1.6% and 1.1% respectively, outweighed advances in shares of Nike and those of Wal-Mart, recently both up 1%. pe Energy stocks fell with the price of oil, which dropped 1.2% to $45.88 a barrel. In its monthly Short-Term Energy Outlook, the US Energy Information Administration forecast domestic output will rise to a record 9.96 million barrels a day in 2018, up from last month's forecast for 9.9 million barrels. Meanwhile, shares of Valeant Pharmaceuticals soared 23.3% after the company posted its first profit in six quarters and upgraded its full-year earnings outlook. "Our first quarter performance demonstrates that we are delivering on our commitments," Joseph Papa, Valeant's chief executive officer, said in a statement. "We met our internal expectations, and we are continuing to make progress on our key initiatives, focus on the turnaround of our core businesses and improve internal operating efficiencies." Not all analysts are convinced the company has turned its business around. "In reality, Valeant's sales are declining, its leverage ratio has increased, and we think its pipeline is weak," Wells Fargo analyst David Maris said in a note, rating the stock a sell, according to Bloomberg. In Europe, the Stoxx 600 Index ended the day with a 0.6% gain from the previous close, its highest level since August 2015. France's CAC40 Index added 0.3%, Germany's DAX Index rose 0.4%, while the UK's FTSE 100 Index increased 0.6%. The global earnings recovery looks "impressive," BlackRock chief investment strategist Richard Turnill wrote in a note, Bloomberg reported. He forecasts more upside in European equities than in their US peers and recommends diversifying geographically in equity portfolios. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Related Articles:  While you were sleeping: UPDATED Wall St creeps higher as Apple shines Tue 9 May 17 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.6892 -0.0003 -0.04% AUD 0.9378 -0.0011 -0.12% EUR 0.6329 -0.0004 -0.06% GBP 0.5322 -0.0001 -0.02% HKD 5.3645 -0.0026 -0.05% JPY 78.4630 0.0710 0.09% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1218.6 -7.220 2017-05-09T00: Oil Brent 48.7 -0.600 2017-05-09T00: Oil Nymex 45.9 -0.550 2017-05-09T00: Silver Index 16.1 -0.190 2017-05-09T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 7412.1 7429.1 7412.1 0.16% NASDAQ 6111.8 6133.0 6102.7 0.29% DAX 12732.7 12783.2 12694.5 0.43% DJI 21022.3 21046.8 21012.3 -0.17% FTSE 7300.9 7359.6 7300.9 0.57% HKSE 24931.8 25165.0 24889.0 0.92% NI225 19890.6 19938.5 19843.0 0.27% ASX 5839.9 5888.1 5839.9 0.59% Most Popular Read NZ dollar little changed near 69 US cents ahead of interest rate review MARKET CLOSE: NZ stocks again, boosted by Heartland Bank MBIE unveils new housing affordability measure Judge declares mistrial in Bublitz case Trump fires FBI director Comey Commented Westpac says Aussie rules contribute to deposits war Oram quits Fairfax citing 'editorial differences' Trump fires FBI director Comey William Yan pleads guilty to money laundering Sky insider reveals Fanpass numbers Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Campbell Gibson on the FMA’s Bublitz case being declared a mistrial MBIE's Chris Bunny says the new housing affordability measure is a world first in the way it brings together statistics The context behind FBI director James Comey dismissal by Trump, with Nathan Smith IoD's Felicity Caird on whether NZX's new conduct code is good for directors The best NBR Radio interviews from the first week of May, with Grant Walker Only available on Previous article Australian Budget: Big bank and health levies, infrastructure spend up Next article Abano on track financially; dental practice purchases fall short Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> While you were sleeping: UPDATED Apple becomes first $US800 billion company
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 240% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 108% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/9/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Are Any of These Beaten Up Retailers Worth Buying? It's been a horrible year for Macy's, Target, and Dollar General shareholders. Are they now value buys? Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) May 9, 2017 at 3:12PM It has not been a good year for Macy's (NYSE:M), Target (NYSE:TGT), or Dollar General (NYSE:DG). All three have been under pressure from price competition, food deflation, rising wages, and e-commerce. Everyone knows retail is tough business, but this has been a brutal period. M 1 Year Price Returns (Daily) data by YCharts Still, these retailers are household names, and the stocks have been punished, pushing multiples down and dividend yields up. Are they fodder for value vultures, or traps in plain sight? Financial Metrics Let's look at some key financial metrics first:   Price/Earnings Ratio EV/EBITDA LTM Revenue Growth Same Store Sales Dividend Yield Payout Ratio Macy's 14.81 5.01 (4.8%) (2.9%) 5.03% 75% Target 11.66 5.54 (5.8%) (0.5%) 4.39% 50.66% Dollar General 15.96 9.18 7.9% 0.9% 1.47% 22.7%  Data source: Macy's, Dollar General, Target financial releases, table by author (Note: The revenue loss in Target compared to its same store sales was due to the sale of its pharmacy division, so its total revenue loss was overstated.) As one can see, there's no free lunch in today's market. For those looking for big dividends, Macy's looks to be the way to go; however, its dividend is not exactly safe, as the 75% payout ratio (the percentage of net income paid as dividend) is high. Its sales are declining on an absolute basis due to store closures, as well as on a same-store basis (sales in the same store compared to a year ago).  Those looking for more safety and growth might look at Dollar General. It has a more conservative payout, is posting revenue growth, and appeals to a low-income segment unlikely to stray in a recession.  Somewhere in the middle is Target. It's the cheapest on a price to earnings basis, but is also posting same store sales declines; however, the declines aren't as bad as Macy's, and the payout ratio of just over 50% means the dividend is likely sustainable. To get a full sense of what is going on, let's look at what these companies are doing to try and turn things around. Source: Getty Images Turnaround plans Macy's is in a precarious position due to its presence in malls, and collection of various full-price brands. The good news is that the company realizes the predicament it's in. Macy's closed 66 stores last year, while also planning an additional 34 closings over the next year or two. The company will use the proceeds to upgrade its existing stores in an attempt to create a better experience. Moreover, the company opened its own discount brand called Macy's Backstage, similar to Nordstrom (NYSE:JWN) Rack or discount retailers TJ Maxx (NYSE:TJX). The theory is if Backstage attracts discount-seeking customers, they might also browse the full-priced items nearby. The company is also experimenting with renting out part of its owned stores to other retailers. Target's turnaround is no less comprehensive, but rather than close stores, Target is heavily investing in lower prices, e-commerce, remodeled stores, and new stores as well. The company aims to open smaller stores in urban settings and college campuses, and remodel 600 stores with new layouts with two entrances – one for customers looking to pick up in store, and another for those who want to shop in the store. The company aims to utilize its large 1800 store footprint effectively as an asset for last-mile e-commerce. Dollar General's strategy is not a big shift, though it is being aggressive on opening stores, with 1,000 planned for this year, a 7% increase. The company recently acquired defunct Walmart (NYSE:WMT)Express stores,  and is also acquiring 232 Dollar Express stores from private equity firm Sycamore Partners. The company is also incorporating dollar-based budgeting, but plans to pay its store managers more in an attempt to reduce turnover and reaccelerate store performance. Like everyone, the company is also investing in digital, and adding more fresh produce and healthier offerings. Summing it up Truthfully, I'm having a hard time seeing a clear winner. Dollar General appears to be the safest, and has the best position as a low-cost retailer, but also has the highest valuation and lowest dividend. If looking for a big turnaround and upside, Target looks better than Macy's. Target has a good dividend and lower payout, which means the company has flexibility and can increase the dividend if the turnaround works. Moreover, its large and conveniently located 1800 stores could serve as a great omni-channel base if executed correctly. Still, Target is not without risks. Walmart just sold Walmart Express to Dollar General, revealing the challenges of opening a new line of smaller-format stores. Moreover, while Target is not a pure discount retailer, it is lowering prices. As one analyst noted, investing in price when one is not a pure discounter is tough to pull off. The company's plans will also put a strain on earnings -- management guided for $3.80-$4.20 in earnings per share, down from $4.58 this year, as the company shifts to the new business model. I'm still scanning the retail landscape for bargains, but not finding any risk-free merchandise. Billy Duberstein owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends Nordstrom. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) None Article Info May 9, 2017 at 3:12PM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.72 up $0.60 (0.79%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $952.82 up $3.78 (0.40%) Target NYSE:TGT $58.08 up $0.78 (1.36%) Macy's NYSE:M $29.30 up $0.63 (2.20%) Dollar General NYSE:DG $73.69 no change (0.00%) Nordstrom NYSE:JWN $49.35 up $0.65 (1.33%) The TJX Companies NYSE:TJX $78.98 up $0.79 (1.01%) Read More Why Did Macy's, Inc. Shares Lose 11% in March? Department Store Dividends Look Appealing, but Are They Really Traps? 3 Reasons I Bought Target Stock This Month Sorry, Macy's, T.J. Maxx Isn't What's Killing You -- This Is 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Investors Should Consider Buying Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Are Any of These Beaten Up Retailers Worth Buying? @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN, $TGT, $M, $DG, $JWN, $TJX
Login Subscribe Connect Navigation Top Stories Meter Count Market Weather × Top Stories J.P. Morgan Chase to increase Detroit investment by $50 million State lawmaker found dead hours after arrest Vicente's owner to open new restaurant in Midtown this summer 'Gilbert bills' for Hudson's site head to Snyder's desk without prolonged fight Coach Insignia owner to open grill in renovated Southfield hotel Snyder names Kurtis Wilder to Michigan Supreme Court Alibaba wants to pair local food producers with Chinese consumers New 120-room hotel, apartment development planned for Midtown Businesses to celebrate QLine grand opening with parties, discounts TPG Capital buys majority stake in LLamasoft Special Report Special report: The QLine × Metered Access Crain's Detroit Business is a metered site. Print and digital subscribers have unlimited access to stories, but registered users are limited to eight stories every 30 days. After viewing three metered stories, you'll be asked to register or log in. After eight more stories in 30 days, you'll be asked to subscribe. × Michigan Stock Index VISIT THE CRAIN'S MICHIGAN STOCK CENTER × Weather News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Blogs / Opinion Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Crain's Blogs Bill Shea - Sports business Carlos Portocarrero - Digital City Moments Chad Livengood - Detroit Rising Dustin Walsh - Economic issues Jay Greene - Health care Kristin Bull - Detroit in the Media Kirk Pinho - Real estate Lindsay VanHulle - Covering the Capitol Mary Kramer - Inside Detroit Business Ron Fournier - Publisher/Editor Sherri Welch - Nonprofits Tom Henderson - Venture capital, banking, private equity, tech startups Wish List - A part of the Crain's Giving Guide Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries May 09, 2017 Updated Alibaba wants to pair local food producers with Chinese consumers By Dustin Walsh Michigan food entrepreneurs and farmers may gain an unlikely lifeline to expanding their businesses — the Internet in China. China's largest e-commerce company, Alibaba Group Holdings Ltd., hopes to make pair local food producers and small- and medium-sized food companies with China's rising middle class, which is larger than the entire U.S. population, through its inaugural Gateway '17 event on June 20-21 at Cobo Center in Detroit. The event is driven by Alibaba's need to expand… Subscribe now to keep reading Subscribe now for just $5 and get digital access for 5 weeks. Subscribe Michigan Morning Newsletter Get a roundup of important news that happens each day. News This Week's Issue Breaking News Detroit Michigan News Arts/Entertainment Auto Suppliers/Manufacturing Entrepreneurship Food/Drink Health Care Jobs/Talent Nonprofits People Elections Real Estate Sports Business Technology Blogs / Opinion Keith Crain Ron Fournier Mary Kramer Other Voices Editorials Extras All Extras Year in Review 10 Things to do this Weekend Auto Show Detroit Homecoming Flint water crisis Food economy Giving Guide Mackinac Policy Conference Michigan Stock Center Michigan Women's Directory Most Connected Wayne County Jail Data Data Center Book of Lists Directory: Creative Detroit Awards All Awards Nominate 20 in their 20s 40 Under 40 50 Names to Know in Real Estate 50 Names to Know in IT Best Managed Nonprofits Biggest Deals Cool Places to Work Eureka Index: Most-Innovative Companies Fast 50: Fastest-growing companies Health Care Heroes Newsmaker of the Year Most Influential Women Events All Events Crain's Events Local Events Sponsored Events Submit Your Event Multimedia Multimedia Video Photo Galleries Connect With Crain's Connect Guide to Crain's Detroit Business About Crain's Detroit Business Subscribe to Crain's Detroit Business Contact the Crain's staff Contact Customer Service Subscribe to email newsletters Crain's reprints Classified advertising Crain's Job Connect Crain Content Studio Detroit: Let us tell your story Crain's Detroit Business Privacy Statement Buy a copy of Crain's Corrections Crain Content Studio Detroit Crain Content Studio — Detroit Giving Guide Custom Print E-newsletters Video Webinars Sponsor-contributed Advertising Advertising Opportunities 2017 Editorial Calendar (PDF) Classified advertising People on the Move Email Newsletters Manage your Crain's emails Crain's Michigan Morning Crain's Afternoon Report Crain's Breaking News Alert Crain's The Weekend Report Crain's People on the Move Crain's Health Care Extra Crain's Sports Business Report Crain's Nonprofit Report Crain's Detroit 2.0 Crain's Manufacturing Report Crain's Data & Lists Crain's Special Report THIS WEEK'S ISSUE May 07, 2017 Connect with Crain's Detroit Business Contact Subscribe Corrections Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Crain Communications, Inc.
RTV6 Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Interactive Radar 7-Day Forecast Hourly Forecast Todays Forecast Cams Maps/Radars Closings & Delays Weather Alerts Traffic + Traffic Map Gas Prices News + Local U.S./World Call 6 Crime Good News Politics DecodeDC Delphi Hot Button Photos Money + Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone ShopSmart Sports + Colts Pacers Indy 500 College High School Life + Event Calendar Horoscope Jefferson Awards Home Tour LoveIndy Entertainment + Food TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Comics Right This Minute The List Video + Live Video RTV6 Live Newscasts Indianapolis This Week YouTube Channel ABC Live Video Marketplace + Contests STEM Indy Home Expert About Us + Contact Us News Team Mobile Newsletters Advertise Support Current 57 Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 55° HI: -° LO: 55° HI: -° LO: 55° More Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 14 Weather Alerts Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 13 at 10:00PM EDT in effect for: Lawrence, Martin Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 18 at 8:00PM EDT in effect for: Parke, Vermillion, Vigo Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 16 at 4:00AM EDT in effect for: Daviess, Greene, Knox Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 10 at 11:26PM EDT in effect for: Jackson, Lawrence, Washington Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 16 at 2:00AM EDT in effect for: Lawrence, Martin Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 10 at 11:27PM EDT in effect for: Greene, Monroe, Owen Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 17 at 3:30AM EDT in effect for: Fountain, Parke, Vermillion, Warren Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 10 at 11:26PM EDT in effect for: Fountain, Parke, Tippecanoe, Vermillion, Warren Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 16 at 10:00PM EDT in effect for: Daviess, Greene, Knox Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 10 at 11:26PM EDT in effect for: Parke, Vermillion, Vigo Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 13 at 11:25AM EDT in effect for: Lawrence, Martin Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 13 at 5:00AM EDT in effect for: Tippecanoe Flood Warning issued May 9 at 11:28PM EDT expiring May 10 at 11:26PM EDT in effect for: Jackson, Lawrence, Washington Flood Warning issued May 9 at 4:16PM EDT expiring May 10 at 4:51AM EDT in effect for: Boone, Marion 14 Weather Alerts These are the signs your loved one may be radicalizing into a homegrown violent extremist Jordan Fischer, Paris Lewbel 2:31 PM, May 9, 2017 5:53 PM, May 9, 2017 Share Article Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next INDIANAPOLIS -- It's been a ubiquitous phrase for the past 16 years: If you see something, say something. But do you know what "somethings" you should speak up about? Each year, the National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC) – the agency formed following the 9/11 attacks to provide a central repository for counterterrorism information and analysis – publishes a guide for law enforcement agencies about what it calls "mobilization indicators" for homegrown violent extremists (HVE). These mobilization indicators are signs, behaviors and activities the NCTC has determined are evidence that a person or persons may be planning to commit a violent act in support of a foreign terrorist organization like ISIS. While the NCTC's mobilization indicators report isn't classified, it is not normally released directly to the public. Instead, it is sent to law enforcement agencies around the country. Those agencies are then "empowered" to discuss measures to protect vulnerable populations – without directly referencing the document. RTV6 received a copy of the 2017 version of "Homegrown Violent Extremist Mobilization Indicators" published by the NCTC. The information that follows was taken from that report in the interest of better informing the public about ongoing threats from violent extremists at home and abroad. Civilians Being Targeted More Frequently In August 2016, a Joint Intelligence Bulletin found that homegrown violent extremists have been increasingly targeting civilians. According to the bulletin, 77 percent of the thirteen HVE attacks in the previous 12 months had focused on civilian targets. Those attacks include the December 2015 mass shooting in San Bernardino, California, perpetrated by Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife, Tashfeen Malik. Farook was an American-born citizen of Pakistani descent. The investigation after the shooting suggested Farook and Malik had been radicalized in the years prior to the attack over the Internet and had amassed a large stockpile of weapons, ammunition and bomb-making equipment. The FBI, DHS and NCTC define an HVE as "a person of any citizenship who has lived and/or operated primarily in the United States or its territories who advocates, is engaged in or is preparing to engage in ideologically motivated terrorist activities in furtherance of political or social objectives promoted by a foreign terrorist organization, but is acting independently of direction by a foreign terrorist organization." According to the August 2016 Joint Intelligence Bulletin, HVEs like Farook and Malik focus on civilian targets because of a combination of factors, "to include perceived lower levels of security at civilian targets, a desire to select familiar targets of personal significance to simplify plotting and violent extremist messaging glorifying recent attacks on civilians." READ MORE | Report reveals chilling details in San Bernardino mass shooting Last week, FBI Director James Comey testified before Congress that his agency has more than 1,000 ongoing domestic terror investigations. Former FBI agent and current ABC News correspondent Brad Garrett says that number doesn't surprise him. "My guess is the number is actually bigger than 1,000," Garrett said. "Because, think about the number of people, particularly young people, who spend hours and hours online. There's going to be a percentage of them who are looking for something. They're looking for adventure. They're action-driven and they want to get involved in weapons like you would in a video game, because it really becomes a fantasy for some of these folks, in my opinion. So you're going to get a percentage of those that you can lure into this extremist organization. I will tell you: ISIS has got some of the slickest videos out there to convince and impressionable, naïve person to perhaps join ranks with them." Homegrown in the Hoosier State In June 2016, the FBI announced it believed it had arrested just such a young person who had become radicalized by the Islamic State from his home in Brownsburg, Indiana. Federal agents raided the home of 18-year-old Akram Musleh after he allegedly booked or attempted to book several one-way flights to Iraq and Turkey. They also said they had intercepted communications intercepted from Musleh indicating he was attempting to travel to the Middle East to join the Islamic State. In addition to trying to travel to the Middle East, the FBI alleges Musleh "conducted extensive internet searches on explosive materials, including: dynamite, flash powder, explosive precursors, instructions on constructing explosive devices and explosive chemical recipes." An agent conducting surveillance on Musleh reportedly observed him shopping for pressure cookers at the Brownsburg Walmart.   FULL STORY | FBI: Brownsburg man tried to join Islamic State Garrett said young men like Musleh are the "ideal population" for ISIS to try to recruit. "The reason why is, all of us in our mid-to-late teens have limited life experience. We may have issues at home. We may have other issues in our life that we're not happy. We may be lost and need direction," Garrett said. "ISIS recruiters will figure that out, and they'll actually start stepping through someone and say, look, you can come and join us. And they'll create this fantasy about what ISIS is overseas. Or, if you can't do that, help ISIS form this worldwide caliphate that you can be part of. This really goes to people feeling like they have some identity – that they have power. And, maybe more importantly, people are paying attention to them and telling them they are worthwhile and that this is a very worthwhile project to be involved in. All of that becomes, for some people, very intoxicating and they end up taking steps to either support terrorism or actually get involved." What to Look For Homegrown violent extremists like Musleh, Farook, the Tsarnaev brothers (who perpetrated the Boston Marathon bombing) and others all have something in common: they were someone's friend, brother, son, neighbor, classmate, etc. Garrett said law enforcement agencies – from local police departments up to the FBI – rely on people being willing to look at something their friend or family member is doing and then ask themselves the hard question of, "Could this be a sign of extremism?" "Law enforcement is at the mercy of knowing about someone who is about to launch an attack," Garrett said. "Think about it this way: If someone was about to rob a bank in Indianapolis, obviously IMPD would stop them if they knew about it. If they didn't know about it, the bank would get robbed and then they'd start reactively trying to figure out who robbed the bank. It's really the same thing with terrorism. If you know about it and you get in front of it, then you've got the potential to control it or just completely stop it." Knowing what to look for is where the NCTC's mobilization indicators come in. The NCTC has broken the indicators into three categories: Group A consists of things that are very strong indicators on their own of extremist activity. GROUP A Preparing and disseminating a last will or martyrdom statement Seeking help from family or friends to enable travel to join terrorist groups overseas Planning or attempting to travel to a conflict zone to fight with or support an FTO Seeking religious or political justification for violent acts Attempting to mobilize others, especially family members and close friends Group B are moderate indicators, but become stronger when observed with other signs. GROUP B Obtaining or attempting to obtain explosive precursors Leakage demonstrating commitment or intent to engage in violent extremist activity (e.g. posting terrorist icons/flags/prominent figures to social media) Expressing acceptance of violence as a necessary means to achieve ideological goals Attempting to radicalize others, especially family members and close friends Creating or joining an exclusive group that promotes violence to rectify perceived grievances Conducting suspicious financial transactions Creating or engaging in physical or virtual simulations of an attack/assault Employing counter surveillance techniques Changing behavior or using linguistic expressions that reflect new sense of purpose relating to violent extremist causes Encouraging or advocating violence toward U.S. military officials, law enforcement, or civilians Group C consists of things that are not necessarily strong indicators on their own – and which might, in fact, be totally lawful activities – but which can, in conjunction with other signs, indicate possible interest in extremist activity. GROUP C Unusual purchase of military-style tactical equipment Suspicious, unexplained or illicit acquisition of weapons and/or ammunition Selling personal assets/belongings in an unusual manner Engaging in violent ideologically motivated outbursts/fights with family, friends, religious authorities, fellow employees, or students Blaming external factors for failure in school, career or relationships Displaying an unstable mental state and violent behavior Switching from one violent extremist ideology to another Becoming increasingly isolated by breaking contact with family and friends, particularly if believed to be associated with violent extremist doctrine or ideology Garrett said knowing those indicators, and being willing to report suspicious activity to law enforcement, is the key to preventing potential future attacks. "I think it's really important for everyone to know about some of these indicators, with the total understanding that, in a vast majority of these cases, nobody really wants to do anything," Garrett said. "They may be troubled, they may be talking about it, they don't like the United States, they think ISIS is cool – whatever it may be – but it sort of stops at that point. The real key here is intervening and figuring out why that person is troubled and seeing if that can be fixed." --- Jordan Fischer is the senior digital report for RTV6 covering crime and justice issues. Follow his reporting on Facebook and on Twitter at @Jordan_RTV6. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story More Crime Stories Anderson man killed during shooting Man shot, killed on Indy's northeast side How to recognize a homegrown violent extremist ISP investigating man's body found on burn pile Police looking for man in March homicide Vigil held for murdered Warren Central student Local NewsWeather Traffic Sports Entertainment Life MarketplaceSupport RTV6 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff Hot Button TV Listings Community Calendar uReport Call 6 Good News Jefferson Awards Contests Mobile Apps RTV6 iPhone iPad Kindle Android Windows Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments America's favorite supermarket chain? Survey says it's a north-south tie Print Email Jeff Goldman | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Jeff Goldman | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com The Star-Ledger Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 09, 2017 at 2:44 PM, updated May 09, 2017 at 2:45 PM comments Wegmans can still call itself America's favorite supermarket, but it must share the honor this year with a grocery chain better known in the southern part of the country.  U.S. shoppers have voted Wegmans and Publix its favorite places to go food shopping, according to a survey by Market Force. Both scored a 77 when ranked for customer satisfaction. Trader Joe's, which previously held the top spot, received a 76. Wegmans unseats Trader Joe's as best grocery store in the U.S. Wegmans was voted the top supermarket last year, taking the title from Trader Joe's. There are eight Wegmans in New Jersey. Publix stores are only in the south -- the closest one to the Garden State is in Virginia. Costco took eighth at 65 percent while Whole Foods made the top 10 at 61 percent. ShopRite (53 percent) scored toward the bottom while Walmart (31) had the lowest score.  Wegmans could be coming to another N.J. town Publix was voted as having the cleanest stores and easiest to find items, while shoppers said Trader Joe's cashiers are the most courteous.  The survey quizzed 12,774 consumers on their shopping habits in May.  Market Force asked participants to rate their satisfaction with their most recent grocery shopping experience and their likelihood to refer that grocer to others. The results were averaged to rank each brand based on a Composite Loyalty Index score. Jeff Goldman may be reached at jeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffSGoldman. Find NJ.com on Facebook.     Inside Business Bamboozled N.J. Business Resources >> Claim your free NJ.com business listing >> N.J. Chambers of Commerce >> Business tips blog >> Post business press releases >> New Jersey online marketing solutions Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
