News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Site Archive Peorian indicted on charges of theft at East Peoria Walmart Sunday May 7, 2017 at 7:53 PM Steve Stein of the Journal Star @SpartanSteve PEKIN — A 30-year-old Peoria woman accused of teaming up with an elderly man to steal items including a vacuum cleaner from the Walmart in East Peoria has been indicted by a Tazewell County grand jury. Michelle R. Wolf, of 7319 N. Oxford Place was charged April 20 with retail theft. If convicted, she could be sentenced to one to three years in prison. East Peoria police were called to Walmart on March 17 after an employee watched surveillance tape that showed a woman, later identified as Wolf, pushing a cart full of merchandise out of the store without paying for it, according to court documents. Among the items in the cart, the employee said, were a vacuum cleaner, coffee maker, rugs, towels and a storage tote. The employee told police the tape showed Wolf go to the back of the store and speak with an elderly man after placing the items in the cart. The two walked to the front of the store, the employee said, and Wolf pushed the cart out of the store at about 8 p.m. March 17 while the man talked with the greeter. The man followed Wolf out of the store, the employee said, and the items were placed in the man's black Jeep Patriot that was parked in the store's parking lot. It isn't known if Wolf and the man left the parking lot together or in separate vehicles. Two days later, East Peoria police spotted the man driving the Jeep Patriot on Washington Street. The man initially told police he was in the Walmart in East Peoria on March 17 and with a woman named Alyssa. He later said he was with Wolf. Wolf pleaded not guilty April 27 and will return to court May 22. She's free on $7,500 bond. Court records do not say if the man is being charged in the case. Also indicted April 20 were: - Anna B. Aguilar, 34, 810 S. Western Ave., Peoria; burglary and retail theft. - Matthew D. Ayers, 21, 22351 Kohl St., Topeka; unlawful possession of a stolen vehicle. - James R. Banks, 38, 803 Prince St., Apt. 3, Pekin; driving with a revoked or suspended license. - Dallas T. Calhoun, 22, 117 Massachusetts Ave., Washington; burglary and possession of another's credit card. - Richard A. Crique Jr., 18, 212 Maria St., East Peoria; attempted burglary. - Robert C. Danzer, 31, 221 Trisha Drive, Lot 8, East Peoria; aggravated battery. - Joshua M. Dupage, 43, 1213 Black St., Apt. B, Pekin; unlawful possession of methamphetamine with intent to deliver. - Christopher M. Grammer, 24, 5601 Highview Lane, Peoria; retail theft. - William L. Hamby Jr., 43, 1126 S. Third St., Pekin; unlawful possession of a controlled substance, resisting arrest and possession of drug paraphernalia. - Horacio I. Hernandez, 20, 1000 NE Perry Ave., Peoria; unlawful possession of a stolen vehicle. - Trisha L. Jones, 32, 209 Fourth St., South Pekin; unlawful possession of a controlled substance. - Joshua T. Kerkhove, 31, 2007 Sheridan Road, Apt. 6, Pekin; unlawful use or possession of a weapon by a felon. - Jenifer L. Pruss, 35, 13808 Egg Ranch Road, Pekin; retail theft. - Kyle R. Reese, 46, 1236 Hawthorne Ave., Pekin; aggravated driving under the influence and fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer. - Jennifer J. Sullivan-Morris, 35, 1411 Peoria St., Apt. 14, Pekin; unlawful use of debit account numbers. - Kyle S. Swearingen, 42, 107 Maple St., Neposet; criminal trespass to a residence. - Shawna R. Ward, 19, 1403 Knapp St., Pekin; criminal trespass to a residence and battery. Steve Stein can be reached at 686-3114 or stevestein21@yahoo.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpartanSteve.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Customer Service Newspaper in Education Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Nick in the AM Education State News Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
News Sports Living Classifieds Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube E-Edition News All News Metro-east News Business Crime Belleville News Education News Violation of Trust O'Fallon Progress Highland News Leader State|Region News Nation|World News Politics and Government Scott Air Force Base Submit a News Tip Public Salaries Send Us Your Photographs Sports All Sports Cardinals Cheap Seats Blog Blues Colleges High Schools Recruiting High School Football High School Baseball/Softball High School Basketball Send Us Your Photographs Politics Politics Elections Living All Living BND Magazine Entertainment Food Horoscopes Answer Man Special Sections Records Contests Comics Puzzles & Games Celebrations Send Us Your Photographs Opinion All Opinion Editorial Glenn McCoy Letters/Sound-off Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Shopping Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Service Directory Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Place Ad Metro-East News May 7, 2017 7:00 AM O’Fallon hotel changes name; new ice cream location planned in Belleville facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:44 Fire department's open house features medical helicopter landing, Q&A Pause 1:30 Photo studio opens in Shiloh, emphasis on affordable 0:28 Granite City mobile home park still flooded 0:55 Waiting for water to recede in Granite City 0:55 U.S. 50 still closed between Lebanon and O'Fallon 3:44 Chief Judge Gleeson comments on Judge Duebbert 1:15 Basement and street flooding in Washington Park 0:27 Boy rescued from drain pipe in O'Fallon 2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car. Here's how he made it up to them. 1:11 Parolee who lived with judge charged with murder Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Meet Scot Pirtle, the manager of Pirtle's Famous Ice Cream in Belleville. The shop will open in June. canthony@bnd.com The former Days Inn is now the WOW Hotel. The hotel is at 1320 Park Plaza Drive, O’Fallon, just off Highway 64. Provided by Alton KG Management LLC 1 of 2 i Compiled by Joseph Bustos jbustos@bnd.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The Days Inn in O’Fallon is under new management and has a new name. The hotel, at 1320 Park Plaza Drive, will now be known as the WOW Hotel. Alton KG Management LLC is the new operator of the hotel, which is owned by Sungmin Park of Sacramento, Calif. Upgrades are planned at the hotel. “We will be renovating very soon,” Jacinda Dunlap, director of sales and marketing, said. “All the rooms will be getting new furniture and new mattresses. New everything, top-to-bottom, side-to-side, and everything in between.” Pirtle’s Ice Cream Shop plans new location Pirtle’s Ice Cream Shop plans to open a new location in Belleville. The business, which has been in East St. Louis for more than 50 years, plans to open a second location. Scot Pirtle and his sister, Stephanie Pirtle-Watts, plan to open the ice cream shop in early June at 1040 Carlyle Ave. in Belleville. Pirtle’s Famous Ice Cream will offer more than 20 flavors. Pirtle’s Variety Store, located at 2500 Ridge Ave. in East St. Louis, will remain open. New super Walmart planned A Walmart Supercenter is being planned for the intersection of South 74th Street and Illinois 15 in Belleville. The proposed Walmart development, which is in the shadows of the Kmart at 7230 Westfield Plaza, would include a gas station and one other retail outlot on 32 acres in the northwest quadrant of the 74th Street and Illinois 15 intersection. The store would be 195,000 square feet if and when it’s ultimately constructed. The gas station would have a 1,500-square-foot convenience store. Project engineer John Schebaum said he did not have information on when construction could begin, but he said the permitting process will probably take at least until the fall. Unlike the Walmart Supercenter off Carlyle Avenue, the developers of this Walmart have not asked for tax incentives from the city. New administrator named at assisted living facility Parkway Gardens, an assisted living facility in Fairview Heights, recently named Tonya Freeman as its administrator, according to a news release. “I am very pleased about this new opportunity,” Freeman said. “My healthcare career has involved me working extensively in skilled nursing, assisted living, and independent living centers.” Freeman, a Dupo resident, has a bachelor’s degree from Concordia University and an associate’s degree in physical therapy. She has worked in the healthcare industry for more than 24 years, the news release said. According to a news release, Freeman has worked with therapy and nursing professionals to provide training and development of “whole” person patient centered wellness and therapy programming. During the past five years, she has developed and presented at various conferences in Missouri and Illinois on several topics, including dementia care and maximizing functional abilities for seniors. Parkway Gardens and the Arbors at Parkway are at 379 Fountains Parkway in Fairview Heights. The two-building campus consists of a 28-unit assisted living center and a separate, 16-unit memory care community. Reporters Cara Anthony, Mike Koziatek and Robyn Kirsch contributed to this article. Related content Pirtle's Famous Ice Cream is coming to Belleville LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Metro-East News Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:30 Photo studio opens in Shiloh, emphasis on affordable Pause 0:28 Granite City mobile home park still flooded 0:55 Waiting for water to recede in Granite City 0:55 U.S. 50 still closed between Lebanon and O'Fallon 3:44 Chief Judge Gleeson comments on Judge Duebbert 1:15 Basement and street flooding in Washington Park 0:27 Boy rescued from drain pipe in O'Fallon 0:54 Pirtle's Famous Ice Cream is coming to Belleville 2:02 Repo man felt bad taking elderly couple's car. Here's how he made it up to them. 1:11 Parolee who lived with judge charged with murder Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 hours ago Fire department's open house features medical helicopter landing, Q&A 2:44 11 hours ago Fire department's open house features medical helicopter landing, Q&A 0:28 15 hours ago Granite City mobile home park still flooded 0:37 a day ago Tour de Stooges bike ride in Lebanon View more video Metro-East News Duebbert says he’s being persecuted because he’s a gay Republican U.S. 50 will remain closed until at least Monday She checks vanity plates for the state. Now she’s under investigation. Police seek suspect in robbery of Edwardsville gas station Motorist runs off after hitting multiple cars on Interstate 64 Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Cut by Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Bank of America Corp (BAC) Stake Lowered by Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. Best Buy Co Inc (BBY) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Marathon Oil Co. (MRO) Shares Sold by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Buys 300 Shares of Zeltiq Aesthetics Inc (ZLTQ) FY2017 EPS Estimates for CONSOL Energy Inc. Boosted by SunTrust Banks (CNX) Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc (FIS) Expected to Post FY2017 Earnings of $4.24 Per Share First Bancorp to Post FY2017 Earnings of $1.75 Per Share, Gabelli Forecasts (FBNC) FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Estee Lauder Companies Inc (EL) Issued By Jefferies Group FY2017 EPS Estimates for Franks International NV Reduced by Analyst (FI) FleetCor Technologies, Inc. (FLT) to Post FY2017 Earnings of $7.71 Per Share, SunTrust Banks Forecasts Trevali Mining Corp (TV) Scheduled to Post Quarterly Earnings on Tuesday Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Stake Boosted by Banced Corp Flowserve Corp (FLS) Shares Bought by Bank of Montreal Can Kate Spade & Co (KATE) Stake Raised by Capstone Asset Management Co. Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Position Maintained by Adirondack Trust Co. Bank of Montreal Can Sells 24,777 Shares of Boston Private Financial Hldg Inc (BPFH) McDonald's Co. (MCD) Stake Lowered by Capstone Asset Management Co. Stamps.com Inc. (STMP) Shares Sold by Capstone Asset Management Co. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stake Cut by Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. May 7th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc. lowered its position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 2.0% during the first quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The firm owned 7,340 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 150 shares during the period. Winslow Evans & Crocker Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $529,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds have also recently bought and sold shares of WMT. Dodge & Cox purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth approximately $1,503,922,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth approximately $274,739,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth approximately $262,122,000. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC increased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 58.0% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 9,776,421 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $705,075,000 after buying an additional 3,588,060 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Two Sigma Advisers LP purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter worth approximately $237,230,000. Institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 76.50 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $72.88 and a 200 day moving average price of $70.35. The stock has a market cap of $232.03 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.47 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $62.72 and a 12 month high of $76.60. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $130.22 billion. During the same period last year, the company earned $1.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current fiscal year. The business also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be issued a dividend of $0.51 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a yield of 2.67%. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is currently 43.48%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This report was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/07/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stake-cut-by-winslow-evans-crocker-inc.html. WMT has been the topic of a number of research analyst reports. Bank of America Corp reiterated a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. They set a “hold” rating and a $70.00 target price on the stock. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 target price on the stock in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Four equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have issued a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $75.69. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total transaction of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $476,044,833.20. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is available through this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders have sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock worth $1,110,035,611. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Leadership Search Search SoftbankHow SoftBank Plans to Push Deeper Into India, the ‘Land of Golden Opportunity’ Climate Change200 Big Investors Are Urging Trump to Uphold the Paris Climate Accord Barack ObamaBarack Obama Voices a ‘Fervent Hope’ That Congress Will Tread Carefully on Health Care MediaSinclair Is Said to Be Near a $4 Billion Deal for Tribune Media CEO Daily CEO Daily: The Best in Business Reading Nicholas Varchaver May 07, 2017 Good Morning. Company battles don’t come much more Titanic than Wal-Mart (champion, physical stores division/20th century) vs. Amazon (champion, e-commerce division/21st century). “Can Wal-Mart’s Expensive New E-Commerce Operation Compete With Amazon?” in BloombergBusinessWeek, assesses the future of that rivalry. It focuses on how Wal-Mart is using its $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com to really, truly, finally take it to Amazon.com. Or at least, that’s Wal-Mart's hope. The center of the story is Jet.com founder Marc Lore who, in addition, to being a most un-Wal-Mart person (a New Jerseyan who used to drive a Tesla), also has some residual animus to Amazon (and vice-versa) over a past e-commerce transaction. And Lore isn’t just running his old outfit; he’s now spearheading Wal-mart’s entire e-commerce operation. The article establishes the stakes this way: "Wal-Mart has a lot riding on Lore. Last year he received $244 million in pay, 10 times that of his boss, Doug McMillon, Wal-Mart’s CEO. His project could determine the future of Sam Walton’s legacy and the eventual success of McMillon. It will also settle the score on whether Lore is good at building profitable e-commerce sites or just selling unprofitable ones to his competitors for piles of money." The piece is rich in insight on Wal-Mart’s past e-struggles: Wal-Mart’s most significant fights were internal. One perennial source of tension involved prices. Amazon typically sets them using algorithms that scour the web to monitor and match the lowest number they find, which means prices can change constantly on the site. Wal-Mart sets a consistent “everyday low price” inside its stores. It’s one of the most sacrosanct brand promises in retail, practically inscribed onto holy tablets by Walton himself as a way to assure customers they won’t have to comparison-shop. The philosophy created problems on the web, though. Whenever the online price dropped below the in-store price, the merchants in Bentonville would balk. They were worried about siphoning away customers from their stores, which account for more than 97 percent of Wal-Mart’s sales. Doug McMillon comes off as forward-looking in the article and his moves seem sensible. It’s true that every titan can eventually be dethroned, and presumably that will eventually happen to Amazon. But rare (apart from Apple) is the occasion when the upstart turns out to be the champion of a different era. Inside A Chicken Factory “Sold For Parts,” a collaboration of ProPublica and the New Yorker, could’ve been written by Upton Sinclair. It’s a deeply reported investigation, alternately lyrical and stomach-churning in its grisly detail, describing how immigrant workers are taken advantage of by a giant chicken-processing company. The company in question, Case Farms, each year “produces nearly a billion pounds for customers such as Kentucky Fried Chicken, Popeyes, and Taco Bell,” among others. The article captures the evolution of the poultry business, particularly in Case Farms’s plant in Winesburg, Ohio (the town immortalized decades ago in the novel by Sherwood Anderson). Once staffed largely by Amish, the workforce there is now dominated by immigrants (many from Guatemala), at a time when chickens are now sold in parts rather than whole, which dramatically raises the risks of worker’s injury. Here’s the nub of it: Case Farms plants are among the most dangerous workplaces in America. In 2015 alone, federal workplace-safety inspectors fined the company nearly two million dollars, and in the past seven years it has been cited for two hundred and forty violations. That’s more than any other company in the poultry industry except Tyson Foods, which has more than thirty times as many employees. David Michaels, the former head of the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (osha), called Case Farms “an outrageously dangerous place to work.” The article goes onto explore the interplay between immigration and this sort of labor: “Case Farms has built its business by recruiting some of the world’s most vulnerable immigrants, who endure harsh and at times illegal conditions that few Americans would put up with.” The article shows that Case actively seeks illegal immigrants, in some cases conspiring to mislead the U.S. government. (The company denies any wrongdoing.) At a time of considerable controversy about the relationship between immigration and employment, this is a telling case study of one operation. How Not To Run A Business If you’re looking for a story that captures management pathology in its purest form, you’d be hard-pressed to top Vanity Fair’s “Can Anyone Repair National Lampoon’s Devastated Brand?” Perhaps it’s not entirely surprising that a comedy brand associated with the drug-fueled antics of the late John Belushi should end up facing calamity. Yet this is a company that produced not only a popular magazine, some mega-hit movies, including Animal House and the Vacation series, but also helped launch the careers of not only multiple Saturday Night Live cast members and many of the people responsible  for Hollywood comedies today. It wasn’t a negligible operation, though it certainly was a chaotic one: “A movie about National Lampoon even now,” one person apparently said some years ago, “would be better than any movie National Lampoon’s putting out.” The two separate passages be;pw give a good flavor of the shenanigans, which ended with not one, but two, CEOs serving time and a stock that currently trades at one-fifth of one penny: After its first five glorious years, the Lampoon had gradually transitioned to a silver age, and then to an age of progressively baser metals. For one brief, misbegotten period in the late 1980s, junk-bond-fueled corporate raiders installed the actor Tim Matheson, who had played Otter in Animal House, as C.E.O. ... Durham was now confined to his Indianapolis home and wearing a government-issued ankle monitor, but… he refused to step down as National Lampoon’s C.E.O. Instead, he issued stock to himself to consolidate voting control and blocked board meetings from taking place. And he continued to run National Lampoon remotely. “It was awkward,” Marty Dundics remembers. “We’d have conference calls, and he’d be under house arrest. It’s hard to get that out of your mind when he’s talking about needing more Web traffic.” Bonus: Is Your Thinking Too Linear? Linear Thinking In A Non-Linear World, in Harvard Business Review, is a combination mind-twisting game and revealing essay in the vein of Daniel Kahneman’s wonderful book “Thinking Fast & Slow,” which shows how our mental processes routinely let us down. The article sketches out many of the perils of taking a linear approach to non-linear problems and it's filled with practical examples and even a test. All I can say is, I failed miserably. Nicholas Varchaver @nickvarchaver nicholas_varchaver@fortune.com Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Brawl inside Baytown Walmart bank Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1962646" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Two women were caught on camera fighting inside a Walmart bank in Baytown. KTRK Saturday, May 06, 2017 10:40PM BAYTOWN, Texas (KTRK) -- It's not something you see every day -- two women slugging it out inside a Baytown bank branch. Shoppers in the Baytown Walmart Supercenter saw the fight unfold. Brandy Hamons recorded video of the fight between the two women and posted it online where it quickly spread. Hamons said she was checking out at the front of the store as the fighting happened in the Woodforest National Bank branch located inside. According to Hamons, a man and woman were heard arguing before the two women started fighting. It went on long enough for Hamons to get her phone out and start recording. Eyewitness News reached out to the bank and store management to find out whether the participants were employees or customers but they declined to comment. It's unclear what started the fight or if police were called. Hamons said one of the women left with a man after the fight. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: newsmust-see videofightwomenBaytown Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS ISIS leader in Afghanistan killed in April, Pentagon says Armed robbers steal restaurant customers purses Child injured in hit and run, witnesses say European leaders relieved by Macron victory Penn State frat brother: Pleas to call 911 for unconscious pledge were dismissed More News Top Stories Houston Rockets beat San Antonio Spurs in Game 4 Texas Gov. Greg Abbott signs sanctuary cities ban into law Voters approve HISD Proposition 1 Atheist turns priest after finding higher calling Armed robbers steal restaurant customers purses Rockets Patrick Beverley loses grandfather before game 4 Centrist Macron won the French presidential election Show More Rockets Coach Mike D'Antoni named 'Coach of the Year' Houston cop relieved of duty after alleged DWI arrest Kids eat free: Where to find free kids meals in Houston Houston history: An ugly Cinco de Mayo celebration DIY braces are a thing -- but not a good one More News Top Video Canton tornado victims struggle with emotional toll Houston cop relieved of duty after alleged DWI arrest 'Elena of Avalor' shares secrets of her kingdom with ABC13 DIY braces are a thing -- but not a good one More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Bomb threat at Victorville Wal-Mart temporarily closes store Saturday Sunday May 7, 2017 at 5:17 PM May 7, 2017 at 5:18 PM By Staff Reports VICTORVILLE — A bomb threat at the Wal-Mart on Palmdale Road phoned in Saturday night led to a store evacuation. The threat, made by a male, came in at 8:56 p.m., San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department spokesperson Cindy Bachman said. The Wal-Mart, located at 12234 Palmdale Road in Victorville, was evacuated while authorities conducted a sweep of the store. The evacuation lasted just less than an hour and nothing suspicious was found, Bachman said. No leads have yet been made in finding the suspect as of Sunday afternoon, authorities said. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
image/svg+xml MAGAZINE EVENTS PAPERS TOPICS GOVTECH 100 NAVIGATOR SEARCH Lohrmann on Cybersecurity & Infrastructure How to Transform Business Using Technology Digital transformation is all the rage. Tech-driven business innovation is happening all around us. But how do game-changing technology investments get implemented in real life? Where are examples of success? Here are practical answers from a top business transformation expert. by Dan Lohrmann / May 7, 2017 Credit Shutterstock/Sashkin Everywhere you turn, businesses are reinventing themselves around new apps, new digital processes and new ways of reaching customers with 21st-century products and services. At the end of last year, CIO Magazine ran this article listing eight top digital transformation stories, which included household names like JetBlue, Target, Wal-Mart, Subway and Domino's. Here’s an excerpt:   “CIOs are spending 18 percent of their budget in support of digitalization, a figure expected to increase to 28 percent by 2018, Gartner analyst Andy Rowsell-Jones told CIO.com in October after surveying 2,600 CIOs worldwide. Going digital often means significant challenges and consequences, says Rowsell-Jones, adding that companies are overhauling their business models and allocating more of their IT budgets to catch digital disruptors.” Living in Michigan, I find the Domino's story to be especially compelling. Watch this video to see how the pizza-making business has become so much more than baking cheese, dough and tomato sauce — by using technology to grow the number of customers, improve service and increase revenue. At the same time, time technology is being applied to virtually every global industry in new innovative ways. For example, the global construction industry is using mobile technology to save hundreds of millions of dollars on changes to construction designs and the building process. This Market Watch story explains how.   Exclusive Interview With Andrew Haggard In order to dig deeper into this topic and learn how more about how these changes are actually occurring “behind the curtain,” I turned to Andrew Haggard, who is a leading business transformation expert from PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). Mr. Haggard is a PwC director based in Boston who specializes in IT strategy and business transformation all across the USA. Prior to joining PwC, Andrew’s experience includes over three years as a senior manager at EMC consulting, helping clients build out technology infrastructure in the public and private sectors. Earlier in his career, he was the founder of White Mountain Strategy. Dan Lohrmann (DL):  What are the biggest obstacles you see for businesses transforming and becoming more innovative using technology? Andrew Haggard (AH): One of the biggest obstacles for companies looking to leverage technology to innovate their business is a gap in the investment necessary by business and technology leaders to prioritize scarce time in structured strategy and planning process. Without this thoughtful coordination and prioritization, it is challenging for teams to create the capacity for piloting innovative capabilities and building into a technology blueprint that will deliver both near-term and long-term business results. With continuous pressure to deliver new projects, maintain the existing technology platforms, and address emerging enhancement and reporting requirements, tasks will always fill up the available capacity.  Therefore it is critical to shape demand for technology resources, limit or eliminate low-value add work, and create accountability to focus to deliver on the foundational improvements and new business technology capabilities that have the highest probability to generate a return on investment and move the business forward.  DL: What are the main impediments to successfully changing the way business and IT collaborate to deliver value? The biggest business and IT collaboration challenge faced by our clients is a lack of a clear alignment across business stakeholders and between business and IT teams of what capabilities are a true enterprise priority. Without a blueprint of the future, and a clear roadmap to sequence new capabilities there will be ongoing pressure to address the “squeaky wheel,” spin off “shadow IT” projects, and generally sub-optimize a company’s technology investments. Another issue arises when the roles of business and IT team members in business technology delivery are not clear. We recently were conducting an IT capability assessment at a mid-sized pharmaceutical company and we interviewed over two dozen business leaders to gain perspective on how they interacted with IT and what were the gaps in IT capability delivery. Over half the issues and pain points that were raised when about how technology capability is delivered were business process, policy or requirements issues. Business Stakeholder: “We don’t get the reports and data that we need from our systems.” Interviewer: “What reports and data are the highest priority to track and manage your business operations?” Business Stakeholder: “There is not a lot of agreement on that across the leadership team. I would say it varies.” So here is a company that is moving fast, with significant gaps in their ability to track business performance in their core systems, yet the leadership team has not fully articulated what are their priority metrics and how they want to measure their business. This was a clear example of the need to invest the time to gain alignment and clearly define what the priority data needs for the business are before trying to craft a technical solution. The technical solution, in this one instance a standard financial dashboard, is technically solvable. But the requirements needed to be prioritized, clearly written and testable before beginning to patch together a solution. DL: What are the biggest challenges to change the way companies use technology in the ‘traditional’ areas of people, process and technology? AH: For people, the biggest challenge to deliver leading business technology capabilities is that the needs of a modern IT delivery model are evolving, and the people with the skills required to operate in the emerging landscape are scarce and challenging to hire and retain. As companies shift to more modern platforms, invest heavily in Web and digital capabilities, and elevate the maturity of the planning and collaboration processes between IT and business leaders, a new set of both hard and soft skills are required. Skills required by companies modernizing the way they deliver new capabilities requires more than just converting Test Analysts positions to Test Engineers as one example, or simply growing your Web developer teams. Successful transformation also needs to be a more comprehensive change effort that includes both business and IT stakeholders. Skills that future IT organizations will need to invest in more heavily include architect roles, digital skill sets, data scientists, test automation expertise, developers adept at agile operations, business analyst with platform specialties, and technology vendor management, to name a few. The biggest challenge in the area of process design, both business processes that are integrated with system design and configuration as well as IT delivery processes, is to make effective change that is connected to a broader design.  The most successful companies start with a macro, high-level vision of how all the processes should fit together in the end state, then prioritize the levers of change that will make the biggest impact and create the most value. Companies that do detailed process design incrementally and use the “do — learn — do” iterative approach to process improvements have the ability to course-correct and also see incremental value that creates more momentum for more constructive change. One issue is that we often see in addressing technology is teams drilling down quickly into a discussion on the merits of various tools, SaaS solutions, and software packages before investing in a clear definition of what the priority business requirements are. Or business stakeholders will come to IT with a request to deploy a specific solution. Technology investments should be evaluated based on the most efficient way to deliver the required business capability. This requires involvement of the enterprise and solution architecture teams to evaluate design options, make / buy assessments, and potential for re-use of existing code or to apply the solution more broadly to meet similar business demands. Skipping straight to a tool solution does not provide the latitude to evaluate the solution options in the broader context of the entire business technology portfolio. DL: What are common characteristics of leadership teams of companies that have successfully undertaken significant change to the way business technology is delivered? AH: Companies that are successful share a few traits: Have visible senior business executive sponsorship of business technology transformation initiatives. Exhibit and foster a culture that is willing to embrace change and sometimes fail. Engage diverse teams in the strategy, planning and design phases. Build a strong network of change champions across the business. Put career progression opportunities and development of people at the front of the change agenda. DL: What trends do you see in 2017 that are different than five years ago? AH: Emerging technology delivery trends we see now include: Scaled adoption of industrial agile delivery models. More appetite to move away from dedicated infrastructure in health and financial services sectors. Increased use of AI and automation to automate routine tasks, to enhance predictive monitoring, and to increase productivity of L0 / L1 support operations. Evolving role for digital innovation delivered a highly matrixed fashion to cross-cut lines of business and legacy IT systems silos. Significant increase in the willingness to adopt and tailor package solutions and a move away from custom-built solutions as the default delivery path. DL: What are the challenges looking forward? AH: The first movers in technology transformation are getting evaluating and getting ahead of the following trends: Leveraging automation, AI and machine learning. Creating a people strategy that addresses the recruitment, retention and development of scarce IT and data talent. Creating a specialized, integrated sourcing, procurement, HR and IT strategy to manage the partnership and orchestration of complex and evolving third party technology ecosystems. DL: I want to thank Andrew for taking the time to provide us answers and a glimpse into what it takes to successfully build innovation and cutting-edge technology in business transformation. Closing Thoughts You may be asking: “Where are the government examples?” While I firmly believe that these same business transformations principles apply to the public and the private sector, I deliberately focused on the private-sector digital transformation examples in this piece. Later this summer, I plan to come back to this topic with compelling government examples from around the world. One more resource to help. This MIT Sloan School of Management article offers nine elements of digital transformation. I urge you to think through these important elements as you move forward. Finally, I really like this CNBC.com article which describes why Malcolm Gladwell thinks we all should slow down and do less, in order to be great at what we do. I think Gladwell’s insights apply to this business transformation process using technology. We need to take the needed time to engage the business as Andrew Haggard describes in his answers. If you do, what will be the result? You will see more effective digital transformation and the business benefits displayed by the leading companies who keep reinventing their customer service. DISCUSS We invite you to discuss and comment on this article using social media. MORE FROM Lohrmann on Cybersecurity & Infrastructure Dan Lohrmann Building effective virtual government requires new ideas, innovative thinking and hard work. From cybersecurity to cloud computing to mobile devices, Dan discusses what’s hot and what works in the world of gov tech. BIO CONTACT RSS As Seen on Feedspot PAST BLOGS How to Transform Business Using Technology Can Blockchain Technology Secure Your Vote? Analytics, AI and Orchestration are Top New Security Topics Will Congress Help Fund New State and Local Cyber Programs? Trump’s Infrastructure Plan: What’s Included? Ransomware in Government: Who, What, When, Where and How? GT April 2017: Cybersecurity Has a Metrics Problem — Here’s What You Can Do About It Significant Data Breach Impacts Job Applicants in 10 States Featured Resources © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic | Privacy & Terms | Contact Us | Facebook | Twitter | Industry Insider | Labs | Advertise MAGAZINE Government Technology April/May 2017 Read now Subscribe NEWSLETTER Scan the day’s headlines, as well as original and breaking technology news for state and local government readers. Subscribe PAPER Digital Transformation: Enterprise Strategies for Maximizing the Value of Your Investment Download Latest Issue SUBSCRIBE Our Network CENTER FOR DIGITAL EDUCATION CENTER FOR DIGITAL GOVERNMENT DIGITAL COMMUNITIES EMERGENCY MANAGEMENT FUTURESTRUCTURE PUBLIC CIO GOVTECH NAVIGATOR Social © 2017 All rights reserved. e.Republic ABOUT PRIVACY CONTACT ADVERTISE
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News Police: Unclear if Goldsboro man was killed in car crash or shooting Green Guide Alligator bites girl in shallow lake waters at Florida park Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Complete Coverage See the latest › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Mild, bright Sunday perfect for Downtown Raleigh Food Truck Rodeo Sponsor Weather 'God protected us:' Damage but no injuries after Granville tornado DUALDoppler5000 With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw PGA Raleigh's Murray fires caddie mid-round at Wells Fargo NASCAR Stenhouse scores 1st career Cup victory with last-lap pass Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Pinson, Rowan fail to land Combine invitations Canes make first move of the offseason Bears put new twist on State-Carolina rivalry With click or tap, get to know who represents you @NCCapitol › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Detroit Packard car plant still in ruins 3 years after sale National News US Interior secretary begins Utah tour to eye monument sites Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: 'Clean bill of health?' Editorial: New health care bill sickens far more than it cures Editorial: Legislators need to get out of the courtroom and down to business You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Aunt Jemima recalls frozen pancakes for Listeria risk Business Looking for a job? These 5 areas are doing the most hiring Local News Deductibles will 'probably' rise under GOP health care bill, UNC professor says 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Business Researchers seek better ways to farm popular Pacific fish House & Home 6 tips to cut your monthly spending in half Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Food Impress your guests with fun, fresh snacks this summer Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Out & About TV Watch the latest videos › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Raleigh couple faces deportation to Honduras Weather Falls Lake water release leads to flooded backyards, streets Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › 47° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 47° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 6 NC counties are under alert, including Johnston County. Details Published: 2017-05-06 04:00:00 Updated: 2017-05-07 14:17:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 3 pm for 2 SB! Tags: Freebies Posted 4:00 a.m. Saturday Updated 2:17 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/181ER Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Swagbucks.com website Stealth Swag Code Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today from 1 pm to 3 pm for 2 SB points! The code is: LazySundays Enter the code in the Swag Code box at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers 20% Off Skin Rejuvenation Products! Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now Free Credit Score - No Card Required! The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 2-8 Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Local News Falls Lake water levels remain high after torrential rains Local News Fayetteville veteran accused of killing service dog found dead in home National News Police: 2 doctors found dead in penthouse likely knew killer Weather Falls Lake water release floods Raleigh neighborhoods Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Man jailed for creating 'world's largest child porn website' Local News Raleigh couple faces deportation to Honduras Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Entertainment WRAL SmartShopper Grand A Day Giveaway (Ends 5/18/17) Out and About 'Band Together' concert at Red Hat supports local charities Komen for the Cure Sea of pink celebration at Komen Triangle Race for the Cure Out and About Weekend best bets: Cinco de Mayo, Band Together Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Weather Weekend brings the eta Aquariid meteor shower on Earth, New Year on Mars Weather Weather Alert Center WRAL Investigates WRAL Investigates: License revoked but still on the road Entertainment Canada's Trudeau sports Star Wars socks on May the 4th Local News WRAL guide to graduations around the Triangle National News How House members from NC voted on Affordable Care Act repeal Go Ask Mom Dix Park to host weekend skywatching session Out and About New movies this week: Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Go Ask Mom Recipe: Chicken topped with feta Local News Raleigh woman detained by ICE, husband given self-deportation orders Weather Falls Lake water release floods Raleigh neighborhoods Local News NC State student returning from party killed in crash; 2 others injured Local News Man in truck 'reached for gun' when stopped by Durham police officer SmartShopper Share your Super Doubles totals! SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's Signature Crafted Sandwiches SmartShopper Updated: Harris Teeter Super Doubles list & weekly deals SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 2-8 Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Local News Falls Lake water levels remain high after torrential rains Local News Fayetteville veteran accused of killing service dog found dead in home National News Police: 2 doctors found dead in penthouse likely knew killer Weather Falls Lake water release floods Raleigh neighborhoods Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Man jailed for creating 'world's largest child porn website' Local News Raleigh couple faces deportation to Honduras Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Entertainment WRAL SmartShopper Grand A Day Giveaway (Ends 5/18/17) Out and About 'Band Together' concert at Red Hat supports local charities Komen for the Cure Sea of pink celebration at Komen Triangle Race for the Cure Out and About Weekend best bets: Cinco de Mayo, Band Together Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Weather Weekend brings the eta Aquariid meteor shower on Earth, New Year on Mars Weather Weather Alert Center WRAL Investigates WRAL Investigates: License revoked but still on the road Entertainment Canada's Trudeau sports Star Wars socks on May the 4th Local News WRAL guide to graduations around the Triangle National News How House members from NC voted on Affordable Care Act repeal Go Ask Mom Dix Park to host weekend skywatching session Out and About New movies this week: Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Go Ask Mom Recipe: Chicken topped with feta Local News Raleigh woman detained by ICE, husband given self-deportation orders Weather Falls Lake water release floods Raleigh neighborhoods Local News NC State student returning from party killed in crash; 2 others injured Local News Man in truck 'reached for gun' when stopped by Durham police officer SmartShopper Share your Super Doubles totals! SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's Signature Crafted Sandwiches SmartShopper Updated: Harris Teeter Super Doubles list & weekly deals SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Compassionate Capitalism in the Middle Ages: Profit and Philanthropy in Medieval Cambridge - 05/08/2017 - Yves Smith Andrew Bacevich: What Obsessing About Trump Causes Us To Miss - 05/08/2017 - Yves Smith Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin Signs Law Imposing Hefty Fines and Lengthy Jail Terms for Anti-Pipeline Protests - 05/07/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 5/7/17 - 05/07/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield GOP Attack on Obamacare Won’t Slow Calls for Democrats to Back Single-Payer - 05/07/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 5/6/17 - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith Book Review: Game of Mates - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith Growing Inequality Under Global Capitalism - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith NY Times Lets a Charter School Propagandist Distort the Facts on Its Op-Ed Page - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/6/17 Posted on May 6, 2017 by Yves Smith New Museum of Failure Credit Slips PIOMAS May 2017 Arctic Sea Ice Blog (Chuck L) UAE to DRAG ICEBERG from Antarctica to solve water shortage set to last 25 years Daily Express Climate of Complete Incomprehension Peter Dorman, Econospeak There’s a 25 percent chance your water system violated the Safe Drinking Water Act. Grist What happens when you bring meditation to public schools YouTube (furzy) The work of monitoring violence online can cause real trauma. And Facebook is hiring. Washington Post (furzy) Aspirin May Prevent Cancer from Spreading, New Research Shows Scientific American China? The dog didn’t bark: What pressure from China on Pyongyang? Asia Times Europeans rediscover enthusiasm for globalisation Bruegel French Election Macron condemns ‘massive’ hacking attack as documents leaked BBC. My guess is a data dump this close to the election won’t have much impact, even if the information is very salacious. Too late for it to be analyzed and propagate all that well. Macron’s campaign says it has been hit by ‘massive’ hack of emails and documents Washington Post (furzy) Macron came to Greece’s aid during our crisis. The French left should back him Yanis Varoufakis, Guardian (Sid S) Brexit Jean-Claude Juncker: ‘English is losing importance’ Politico (Dan K). Juncker twits the Brits. UK Elections I am a strong, stable, paranoid lunatic, says May Daily Mash May on course for landslide The Times May could get her mandate – and still be plagued by Brexiteer backbenchers Guardian (Richard Smith) Results in England, Wales and Scotland – and what do they mean for the general election? Telegraph Syraqistan RUSSIA-BACKED SYRIAN SAFE ZONES PLAN GOES INTO EFFECT Associated Press (furzy). Note NATO member Turkey is working with Russia and Iran. US-led coalition warplanes banned from Syria safe zones – Russian envoy RT (furzy) New Cold War US-Russia: Military tensions Defend Democracy Trudeau Mulls Coal Ban in Retaliation for U.S. Lumber Tariffs Bloomberg Big Brother is Watching You Watch A guide to escaping Facebook’s evil clutches without, erm, actually deleting it New Statesman. For the life of me, I do not understand why anyone needs to use FB or specifically “needs” to share photos. Even though Facebook allows users to delete accounts, as opposed to merely deactivating it, one NC reader complained that FB restored it years later over his objections. Have you heard of any similar experiences? It is possible this individual deactivated it rather than deleting it, but even so, having FB put it back up and resist efforts to take it back down sounds ugly. Walmart wants to put sensors on everything so it can automatically order you stuff The Verge (Chuck L). Another reason not to shop at Walmart. My understanding is a good strong magnet will fry most chips, but obviously don’t try this with anything electronic. Fans of Cryptonomicon may remember the scene when the cops show up to collect the computer gear of someone who has become an object of their interest. His door is armed to create a magnetic field (I forget if it its default was to be on or not), plus his buddies showed up with a truck with what amounted to a magnetic bomb, which emitted a large pulse and fried all the computers in range. The book was written before the days of smartphones and cars chock full of telematics, so a truck bomb now would clearly be deemed as vandalism or worse. But I like the idea of having an armed doorway and being able to disable consumer goods designed to spy on you. For those of us who don’t have smartphones, this would be a lot easier to manage (as to when to have it on v. off) than for the rest of the public. Leaked document reveals UK plans for wider internet surveillance ZDNet (Chuck L) FBI says email scammers stung businesses for $5bn over 4 years The Register (Dan K). I get fake invoices regularly, and they are at the level of sophistication the many variations of the Nigerian e-mail scam (the ones that amuse me the most are the ones that say Janet Yellen or Steve Mnuchin wants to send me money). I can’t believe anyone falls for this stuff but obviously they do. Perhaps a tiny subset is more credible (as in they find actual approved vendors of Big Cos). And to put this in perspective, one of Richard Smith’s bigger international scams was 3 billion pounds back in the day when that would be more like $4.5 billion… Regulating the internet giants: The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data Economist (furzy) Trump Transition Atheists Sue President Trump Over His ‘Religious Liberty’ Executive Order Daily Beast Trump-Russia investigation reignites as Senate asks aides to hand over notes Guardian Trump transition raised flags about Flynn Russia contacts Associated Press (Dan K) Dems Having Difficult Time Capitalizing on Trump Presidency of Blunders WhoWhatWhy. Because they are too busy looking for Russians under every bed. GE CEO: ‘President Trump is right’ on trade Business Insider Trump busting presidential norms with weekend getaways Politco Stephen Colbert’s Diatribe Against Trump to Be Reviewed by FCC Bloomberg State Department Promotes Ivanka Trump’s Book In Another Ethics Blunder Huffington Post (furzy) Obamacare Trump: ‘Everybody’ has better healthcare than US The Hill Senate Republicans doubtful of American Health Care Act BBC. Senators are not willing to be cannon fodder for House Freedom Caucus ideologues. Senate GOP rejects House Obamacare bill Politco Five changes the Senate could make to the ObamaCare repeal bill The Hill. Headline a bit weird since the Senate Republicans have said they are drafting their own bill. New York AG: I’ll sue if Senate passes ObamaCare repeal The Hill Court Rules Trump State Dept Must Release Clinton Emails of Obama Response to Benghazi CNS News. Furzy note all conservative sites are running this story but wonders if it is really favorable for Trump. Police State Watch Watch a cop’s staged body cam footage made “to look like it was done in real-time“ ars technica. Yuk. Black Injustice Tipping Point This Problem Isn’t Going Away: Heartless Police Shootings of Unarmed Black Americans Continue Into the Trump Era Alternet. The Dems domesticating Black Lives Matter was no accident. To be resolved: Puerto Rico declares bankruptcy at last Economist (furzy) Puerto Rico to close 179 public schools amid crisis ABC (furzy) Suddenly, Oil Below $40 a Barrel Doesn’t Seem So Far-Fetched Bloomberg Gender inequality is holding back US economy, Yellen warns Financial Times U.S. Economy Poised for Spring Rebound as Jobless Rate Falls Wall Street Journal. Cheerleading is premature with weak wage growth. April Payrolls Bounce, Revisions Take March Lower: Hiring Increasingly Volatile Michael Shedlock Wells Fargo warns legal bill could swell by $200m Financial Times Guillotine Watch At $495, Lonzo Ball’s ZO2 Sneakers Have Tastemakers Saying No Thanks New York Times. EM: “All before the fellow has played a single NBA game. I’m having a hard time deciding which is mire guillotine-watch-worthy, the brazen money-grabbing of Ball or the corporate analog of same epitomized by Nike. The author seems similarly conflicted.” More than 60 Fall CS50 Enrollees Faced Academic Dishonesty Charges Harvard Crimson. This is 10% of the people taking the course, intro computer science. Class Warfare Vancouver Plans More Airbnb Limits to Ease Near-Zero Home Supply Bloomberg Beating Wall Street Means Fighting the Extraction of Wealth From Communities of Color Truthout Trump’s new opioids strategy ‘devastates’ advocates Politico The Sanders Campaign, Greater Appalachia and Young Workers Counterpunch Antidote du jour. Timotheus: This is the new brood of cygnets from Story Lake, Indiana. It is the same adult pair that has lived on the lake for 20 years (and that you have featured twice before). Once they are grown, the adults chase off the new generation so they go find their own habitat. And a bonus antidote from furzy: It’s fall in Japan. And like every fall, rice is harvested, leaving behind straw to be hung and dried. In some rural areas, though, the rice straw has a special use: Making giant beasts. Kagawa Prefecture and Niigata Prefecture have the most famous “straw art festivals,” which are large straw sculpture displays. Traditionally, straw was used to thatch roofs. In much the same manner, these straw sculptures are thatched around wooden frames. But instead of roofs, enormous dinosaurs, bugs, and much, much more are created. See yesterday’s Links and Antidote du Jour here. 00600 This entry was posted in Links on May 6, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Book Review: Game of Mates GOP Attack on Obamacare Won’t Slow Calls for Democrats to Back Single-Payer → Subscribe to Post Comments 233 comments Carolinian May 6, 2017 at 7:32 am Very much worth a read. http://original.antiwar.com/justin/2017/05/04/the-triumph-of-james-comey/ Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 10:11 am Carolinian May 6, 2017 at 7:32 am And yet the really interesting aspects of his testimony had to do with two questions that, in a free society, would not normally be the domain of law enforcement: 1) What should be the nature of our relations with a foreign country, i.e. Russia? And 2) what is a legitimate journalistic enterprise? “GRAHAM: Do you agree that they did not change the actual vote tally, but one day they might?*** On this last, Comey seemed to demur, but that such a question could even be asked unaccompanied by a chorus of laughter highlights the utter absurdity of the discourse in Washington …. It’s a lie that WikiLeaks releases have led to the death or endangerment of a single American anywhere: if it has, then why didn’t Comey name the victims and the circumstances? As for endangering “American interests,” the question of whether these are advanced by maintaining a worldwide regime of surveillance and repression is not something either Sen. Saase or Comey are prepared to address, and with good reason. …. That our interpretation of the First Amendment is now dependent on the olfactory sensibilities of the FBI Director highlights the fact that the real danger to our republic isn’t in Moscow, but right here in the good old United States of America. If the WikiLeaks revelations – that our government is systematically engaged in spying on us, and is involved in any number of foreign operations that violate our alleged values and even cross the line into illegality – is “intelligence porn,” then so were the Pentagon Papers. According to Comey’s logic, Daniel Ellsberg should’ve been prosecuted and convicted for revealing the truth about the Vietnam war to the American people. …. So let’s parse this. According to Comey, the distinction between WikiLeaks, and, say, the Washington Post – which has been publishing leaked information from its friends in the intelligence agencies in order to smear the President as a tool of the Kremlin – is that the latter “will almost always call us before they publish.” What this means is that Comey and company can leak whatever they want – but anything not approved by them in advance amounts to espionage. The leaking of the fact that former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn was in contact with the Russian ambassador prior to the election, and the releasing of the contents of a transcript of those calls to the media – that’s just fine and dandy. =================================================== GREAT, great article Carolinian. I am in great danger of pretty much cutting and pasting the entire article – practically every word exposes the hypocrisy and sheer idiocy, or mendacity of Comey and the senators who “question” him. *** If Graham had a brain – which is like saying if a horse’s anus had a human head and arms and legs, it would be a human – maybe Graham could ask how much Goldman Sachs and the 0.1% influences elections in the US…. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 11:33 am “According to Comey’s logic, Daniel Ellsberg should’ve been prosecuted and convicted for revealing the truth about the Vietnam war to the American people.” Ellsberg WAS prosecuted in US district court of Southern Calif. under the Espionage Act of 1917. The judge ended up dismissing the case owing to prosecutorial misconduct [not sharing pertinent evidence with the defense] and illegal wiretapping of Ellsberg. A revealing snippet from the Wikipedia account: Ellsberg tried to claim that the documents were illegally classified to keep them not from an enemy but from the American public. However, that argument was ruled “irrelevant.” Ellsberg was silenced before he could begin. According to Ellsberg, his “lawyer, exasperated, said he ‘had never heard of a case where a defendant was not permitted to tell the jury why he did what he did.’ The judge responded: Well, you’re hearing one now. And so it has been with every subsequent whistleblower under indictment.” What was shocking in 1973 is now standard procedure. Federal criminal statutes now specify allowable defenses; no others can be raised. Classic example: the federal prosecution of Ed Rosenthal, who was licensed by the City of Oakland to grow cannabis. Since authorization under state law was (and remains today) no defense in federal court, Rosenthal was obliged to sit mutely while prosecutors painted him as an ordinary trafficker. After learning the suppressed facts upon leaving the courtroom, an outraged jury held a press conference to denounce their own verdict, based on the lies by omission of the “win at any cost” federal prosecutor. “Federal justice” is an oxymoron. Reply ↓ Katharine May 6, 2017 at 2:56 pm I should think it would be worth a try for the defendant to make the statement quickly before the judge could silence him. How long does it take to say, “As a licensed grower…” or “this illegally classifed…”? The judge can rule it out, but if the jury heard something they may remember and doubt. Reading the reports of Bushell’s Case is always fun. Those folks had real gumption. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 3:02 pm Wait a second, you can’t present whatever defense you’d like in federal court?!? WTF?!? Sorry, I’m a total layman, I had no idea that defenses were restricted to only those that the government deemed acceptable. I’m shocked. This is soviet style justice with a jury that’s there purely for legitimacy optics. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 6, 2017 at 4:20 pm This was also yet another reason why Snowden would not have been able to get a fair trial. The Obama Justice Department intentionally charged Snowden under the Espionage Act because that law has no public interest exception, which means he would most likely be barred from telling a jury why he leaked the NSA docs and how doing so was in the public interest. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 5:59 pm Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 11:33 am Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 11:33 am I always make a point of reading Haygood comments….as I will learn something outrageous and shocking. “Ellsberg tried to claim that the documents were illegally classified to keep them not from an enemy but from the American public. However, that argument was ruled “irrelevant.” ” How relevant is that 99.99% of classified material is because our our government regards US citizens knowledge of what it is up to as dangerous to its schemes….. Reply ↓ bob May 7, 2017 at 2:32 am A more up to date version of some of the same problems- http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1460739/ The law is stacked against the defendant, even before the prosecution flexes its muscles. Add in an FBI informant/agent provocateur (BRANDON DARBY) , and it’s entrapment under every other name…. What people believe the law says, and what it really says and very effectively allows, are miles apart. Reply ↓ Olga May 6, 2017 at 11:52 am That Madison was a smart cookie (at least in some respects, and never mind the goofy musical); this certainly bears repeating, since he clearly foresaw our future: “Of all the enemies to public liberty war is, perhaps, the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other. War is the parent of armies; from these proceed debts and taxes; and armies, and debts, and taxes are the known instruments for bringing the many under the domination of the few. In war, too, the discretionary power of the Executive is extended; its influence in dealing out offices, honors, and emoluments is multiplied; and all the means of seducing the minds, are added to those of subduing the force, of the people…. [There is also an] inequality of fortunes, and the opportunities of fraud, growing out of a state of war, and … degeneracy of manners and of morals…. No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare.” I’d say we’ve arrived… Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL May 6, 2017 at 4:40 pm Superb. Yet another reason that everyone should put aside their differences (R v. D, black v. white, male v. female, gay v. straight, rich v. poor) and get behind the one single issue that unites and solves, that is dead simple to understand and articulate and litmus test: #NotAgainiStan Reply ↓ Norb May 7, 2017 at 1:44 pm Another important quote from our nations founding concerns Benjamin Franklin. From the New American- The deliberations of the Constitutional Convention of 1787 were held in strict secrecy. Consequently, anxious citizens gathered outside Independence Hall when the proceedings ended in order to learn what had been produced behind closed doors. The answer was provided immediately. A Mrs. Powel of Philadelphia asked Benjamin Franklin, “Well, Doctor, what have we got, a republic or a monarchy?” With no hesitation whatsoever, Franklin responded, “A republic, if you can keep it.” Well, American citizens have lost control of their republic and must now suffer the excesses brought about by private property accumulation. Until the majority can form a new understanding concerning the role of private property, enslavement is the end result, regardless the mechanism used to get there. War, being just the most expedient method for accumulation. Financialization running a close second. The public good needs to be the direct focus. Instead of the relentless pursuit, and support, of individual wealth. Reply ↓ funemployed May 6, 2017 at 7:35 am The world’s most valuable resource is neither oil nor data, but fresh water. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 7:46 am Well, “most valuable” requires some definition, but all else being equal, I’d say it’s soil. You can make fresh water from seawater, capture it from the air, or go lasso an iceberg, but you can’t make good soil, not in a hurry, anyway. Reply ↓ XXYY May 6, 2017 at 10:17 am Small amounts of fresh water can be made the ways you describe, perhaps enough for urban or industrial use, but the vast amounts needed for agriculture need to be naturally occurring (rain, surface, or subterranean). Surface and subterranean sources are under severe threat in most parts of the world, the former from draught and reduced snowpacks and the latter from decades of overpumping. As a rule of thumb, it takes 1000 tons of water to produce 1 ton of grain. By far the easiest way to import water is to import grain. Not disagreeing about topsoil! Not only is it vital, but it’s also something no one ever talks about. I know China, for one, has been overgrazing (mainly sheep, I think!) for decades and their topsoil is now blowing away like mad. Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 2:41 pm Read a while ago that when farming began in the midweat there was an average of six feet of topsoil, glacier legacy. Now three feet, the loss transported to Gulf of Mexico. Reply ↓ Katharine May 6, 2017 at 3:08 pm Six feet may have been average, but I seem to recall that there were places where it was twenty. Improved practices after the Dust Bowl didn’t last, but there seems to be another effort being made–less tillage, more natural fertilizer (I don’t know why but have heard that manure produces better yields than chemical fertilizer in a drought year), cover crops. They won’t see a return to what they did have, at least in any of our lifetimes, but if they can even slightly reverse the losses it would be good. Reply ↓ Parker Dooley May 6, 2017 at 3:37 pm Jared Diamond’s book “Collapse” has a photograph showing the extent of soil loss in one area — sorry I don’t have the book available to quote the caption. Anyway, it is of a church sitting at the original level, surrounded by a field at the current level. Looks like about 8-10 feet, as I recall. Reply ↓ Bunk McNulty May 7, 2017 at 12:36 am The Pioneer Valley area of Central Massachusetts, through which the Connecticut River flows, has topsoil 17 feet deep. Can someone tell me why? And for how long? I would guess it was in part because of climate, in part because of what use the land has been put to. I moved here three years ago, and as best I can tell commercial-scale growing is mostly done by potato farmers with Polish surnames. Reply ↓ different clue May 7, 2017 at 1:46 am I suspect some of the loss could be oxidation in place. The Iowa topsoil used to be 5-6% biocarbon. Endless rounds of tillage and chemo-zapping with nitrogen fertilizer drives oxidation of the carbon in the soil, turning it into CO2 and dumping it right straight up into the sky overhead. A lost of topsoil disappearance could be the topsoil losing its carbon to the air above and collapsing and deflating like a fallen soufle’ . Reply ↓ different clue May 7, 2017 at 1:50 am That rule of thumb seems confused, somehow. If it takes a thousand tons of water to produce 1 ton of grain, why doesn’t 1 ton of grain weigh a thousand tons? If you are importing water by importing grain, how much does the water weigh? And why doesn’t the grain weigh exactly that much if importing the grain is importing the water? Reply ↓ XXYY May 7, 2017 at 10:39 am The water taken up by a plant during the plant’s growth is a transport medium, carrying nutrients from the soil into the roots, and thereafter into the higher parts of the plant. The water itself is then mostly respired into the atmosphere. So the water used to grow plants doesn’t stay in the plants. It’s similar to how, if you drink a gallon of water, you don’t gain 12 pounds, since your body excretes the water after putting it to use. The water you drink during your lifetime obviously weighs thousands of times what you do. Reply ↓ Jef May 6, 2017 at 10:57 am We will never run out of water in the same way that we will never run out of oil. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 6, 2017 at 5:33 pm Potable water is the world’s most constrained resource and will come under pressure on current trajectories by 2050, if not sooner. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 6:36 pm By the equation, he means that it will be available but more and more scarce and expensive – eg, towing icebergs (lots of gee-whiz there – I really wonder how they plan to, umm, pull that off). Similarly, oil won’t be gone; it’ll just be not worth extracting. Reply ↓ neighbor7 May 6, 2017 at 8:55 pm At the end of “The Big Short” Michael Burry (Christian Bale) is revealed to be investing in water… Reply ↓ Ancient 1 May 6, 2017 at 9:27 pm That is the reason T. Boone Pickings has been buying up water rights left and right these last few years. His new commodity for making more money.The world will have a critical shortage of water resources sooner than later. but no one seems concerned except when the wells run dry Reply ↓ AnnieB May 6, 2017 at 7:06 pm There’s oil, then there’s recoverable oil. Recoverable oil is shale oil, ie. fracked oil. “World oil demand is about 90 million barrels a day, suggesting the world shale oil resource covers 10.5 years of consumption.” http://www.cnbc.com/id/100804970 That’s 10.5 years of current consumption at the current price. As prices go higher, consumption will likely decrease. So maybe there’s more years left. But as we say in the anti-fracking community, at what cost to the environment and to human health? Reply ↓ Carla May 6, 2017 at 7:35 am Another link to file under “Big Brother Is Watching”: https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/may/05/nextdoor-community-organizing-political-ads-facebook Your friendly neighborhood networking site is selling your political profile and preferences to the highest bidder. Nextdoor claims to have its foot in the door of 70% of US “neighborhoods. Bet 3rd parties and the folks at http://www.independentvoting.org can’t afford to buy. Nextdoor.com claims to have its foot in the door of 70% of US “neighborhoods” but in my ‘burb, some individual “neighborhoods” listed on the site consist of just one street, and some are districts with a couple thousand residents. Reply ↓ polecat May 6, 2017 at 11:13 am I had found one of these ‘Nextdoor.com’ ‘invitations’ in my street mailbox a few months back. While scanning over the info, got a gander of who the sponsors were …. ALL the Big Corporate entities we love to hate !!! …. and the whole promotional screed seemed … well …. kinda smarmy – part garage sale, part neighborhood watch, part direct sales !! Into the trash it went. Reply ↓ Reader May 6, 2017 at 11:16 am This doesn’t surprise me one bit. When they started recruiting in our Tucson neighborhood about 3 years ago, I checked them out. They started in the US in 2011 with funding from Benchmark Capital and Shasta Ventures. In 2015 they created a company in Ireland to serve Europe, the Middle East and Africa with plans to continue expanding to additional countries. Only members can post and view messages. From what I can tell from their public website, each neighborhood has a Lead who can see all “verified” and “unverified” neighbors and their addresses and add people to the group. They encourage members to give them contact information for non-members so they can “invite” them to join. They say they’ll delete your info if you ask but there’s also language that appears to allow them to keep unspecified info for as long as they want. They also notify the Lead if you decline or later quit. I live in a wonderful little neighborhood with an active grassroots neighbors group. For many years we’ve had an internet bulletin board where we share info on the neighborhood, social activities, group projects, crime etc. After Nextdoor came in and board activity noticeably dropped off, I asked one of their members if it had shifted to Nextdoor. I never received a response and the member went on the board, trashed it and encouraged people to join Nextdoor. So the net effect is our grassroots board is being replaced by a commercial members-only group that requires you to hand over control of your personal information in order to participate in neighborhood communication. Maybe I’m being paranoid but the whole thing creeps me out including their efforts to build a database with the photos and personal info of every household in the US and beyond. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre May 6, 2017 at 1:26 pm Echoes of Stalin’s inform on your neighbour & the quite recently discovered fact that Gestapo stations in Germany were mainly reliant on information from good neighbours. ” What’s he building ? – Tom waits. Reply ↓ clarky90 May 6, 2017 at 2:36 pm During “The Great Terror” (1936-1938), in the Soviet Union, the branches of the NKVD were given quotas (numbers of victims) to fill, for execution or transport to the Gulag. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Purge Typically, the NKVD would arrest someone, then search for, and seize their address and telephone numbers book, and then arrest everyone in the address book. Of course they would do the same with next group of victims. The NKVD were expected to “exceed their quotas”, and they did. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Purge Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre May 6, 2017 at 5:00 pm Yes, as detailed in Solzhenitsyn’s Gulag Archipelago, alongside details of those who informed on anyone out of the ordinary, someone they had a grudge against or perhaps simply out of fear to curry favour with & to protect themselves from the authorities. In Germany there are records that show a similar situation, although much less severe. Many of the around 280,000 Germans killed by the Nazis were likely to have been turned over by their own people. It was covered briefly in the BBC series ” The Nazis ” – A lesson from history “, telling the tragic tale of a woman who did not quite fit in who paid for it with her life. The Nazis managed to destroy the majority of Gestapo records, but in the above case they were interrupted by US forces. Reply ↓ makedoanmend May 6, 2017 at 6:15 pm This neighbour surveillance is not restricted to the baddies. The “goodies” do it too. The anonymously written letter to the police or other legal authorities was a fact of life in many so-called democracies. Hell, it was a favourite past time in Ireland of those who considered themselves paragons of virtue and loved to rat out their neighbours. Others used it to cast unwarranted aspersions on neighbours with whom they had a feud. If you live in the UK today, you are under constant surveillance from cameras littered throughout the country. Additionally, May & Co. want to monitor every piece of information of every subject of their realm. I’m quite sure every person residing in the UK has a profile stored by the government. Of course, the new wrinkle, abetted by ubiquitous communication technology, allows neighbours to profit off of neighbours. After all, we are now all entrepreneurs and we are all at the same time simple commodities to be used by each other in order to hoard property. This is our weal according to the current hard-fast ideology that we have all voted for in our beloved democracies. Profit knows no boundaries. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre May 7, 2017 at 6:41 am + 100% Another brilliant Russian book that covers it very well is Vasily Grossman’s ” Life & Fate “. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 7:36 am My understanding is a good strong magnet will fry most chips Not really. A good strong magnet will scramble data on a hard disk or the magnetic stripe of an old fashioned credit/debit card. It won’t have any effect on an RFID chip, smart phone or piece of electronics in general, except to disrupt the compass. For that you need (a carefully chosen) high intensity electromagnetic signal to disrupt its operation, or the brute force of a massive EMP (electromagnetic pulse) to fry the electronics by inducing high voltages in internal circuitry. Shielding technologies such as a Faraday cage or wrapping in conductive foil can disrupt electronics by preventing signal reception/transmission but cause no damage. Finally, you can also fry electronics with high radioactivity, x-rays, or a high intensity neutron source, but don’t try that at home. Reply ↓ Carolinian May 6, 2017 at 7:46 am Brings to mind the scene from Breaking Bad where Walt parked a truck mounted junkyard magnet next to outside wall of the police station in order to erase his laptop in the evidence room. Reply ↓ pricklyone May 7, 2017 at 1:44 am Fring’s laptop, tho… Hard drive erasure this way is in the realm of possibility, even if improbable. It’s a good thing normal magnetic fields don’t fry chips, though, as MRI scanners would cost as much as F35. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 8:23 am Replying to myself here, but I missed one useful tip. If you want to destroy any smallish piece of electronics, including RFID chips, 5 to 10 seconds on high in your microwave oven will do it reliably. Also works well for CDs and DVDs. Any longer than that and you’ll probably fry your microwave. And avoid inhaling the fumes! Reply ↓ Steve May 6, 2017 at 9:42 am Speaking as an EE, I agree with Moi. The theory is fine, a magnetic field does apply force to current carrying conductors, but it take a VERY HIGH strength field to do any damage. An air gap hugely reduces the field strength. Great plot device though. Reply ↓ Carolinian May 6, 2017 at 11:07 am Well Walt was using one of those electromagnets that junkyards employ to pick up cars….perhaps plausible enough for “suspension of disbelief.” Vince Gilligan, creator of Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul is a genius at plotting. Reply ↓ XXYY May 6, 2017 at 10:40 am While we’re (sort of) on the subject, it’s important for people to know that storage devices based on flash memory (SSDs, memory cards and sticks, phones) *cannot* be reliably erased. When you “delete” data, the file system merely marks the data as deleted; it’s still present on the chip and can be recovered with suitable tools. Because of the way wear leveling is done by the device driver, and because flash can only be erased in blocks (not bytes), it’s impossible to “overwrite” selected data as you can with older rotating magnetic disks. The probability of the data being recoverable certainly lessens over time if the storage is used for other things, but the rate depends on so many factors that you can’t count on anything. Also, of course, flash memory is unaffected by magnetic fields and so can’t be erased by bulk erasers, magnets, etc. as older magnetic disks and tape can. So flash memory is a permanent storage medium in a practical sense. AFAIK the only way to reliably delete data in flash storage is to physically destroy the memory, which can also be somewhat challenging, esp. if it’s built into your phone or something. If you are transferring data to someone else whom you don’t trust, be sure to start with a new (blank) device so other personal data doesn’t get inadvertently transferred, too. Reply ↓ Ian May 6, 2017 at 10:49 am My dad drills a hole through his hard drives when disposing computers. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 6, 2017 at 12:50 pm Yes, that or a large spike and a heavy mallet do the trick pretty nicely. Low tech seems more reliable than high for cases like this. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes May 6, 2017 at 1:00 pm Reminds me of this Silicon Valley scene. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LG_AV0TGoow Reply ↓ paleobotanist May 6, 2017 at 2:24 pm I just washed a data stick through the washer. Maybe that will do it? Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 3:48 pm Try it and let us know. From what we just read, my guess is no, at least if it’s dry. Does the job on cell phones, though, even dumb ones. (Actually, they might be recoverable if you know how; one of mine sort of worked for days. On general principles, a bath of distilled water or alcohol, followed by thorough drying, might help) Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 6, 2017 at 9:04 pm Nah, the manufacturer already does that as part of normal assembly flow. carycat’s suggestion of thermal destruction is on point. Also consider physical grinding, which was good enough for GCHQ’s cleanup operation at The Guardian. Hard disk drive bodies make fine scrap for backyard aluminum casting. Pull the platters and either grind the surfaces off or throw them in the kiln too. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 11:34 am You can’t selectively erase, but formatting or deleting everything and then completely filling a flash device with junk files will erase anything sensitive with high probability, especially if repeated. It will also wear out the device somewhat, but that’s of little concern. Larger capacity flash devices, such as laptop disk replacements often have a manufacturer’s utility program that will secure erase, if you can trust that. And as I suggested above, a microwave will do a good job of permanently scrambling thumbdrives and other flash, even in a phone. The trick is nuking for long enough to do the job, but not long enough to destroy the microwave magnetron. Reply ↓ heresy101 May 6, 2017 at 11:56 am Maybe some of these would work for you: http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/active_killdisk.html — ssd disks http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/dariks_boot_and_nuke.html http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/hdshredder.html http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/koro_file_shredder.html http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/deleteonclick.html Reply ↓ carycat May 6, 2017 at 3:53 pm A fusion bomb produced EMP would definitely work, but don’t try this at home. Very, very strong magnetic field may work for old school hard disk, but not too effective on SSD. Short of physical destruction, elevated temperature is a good way to render data previously stored in the SSD unreadable. It is a matter of the physics of how SSD works. Each storage cell is has either a lot of electrons trapped in it, or very little. Electrons move around easier at higher temperatures so electrons in cells can escape confinement and lower the level to a point where it is no longer clear if it represents 1 or 0. Ditto, cells with low charge can have electrons drift in and confuse the issue. So if you are really paranoid, invest in a kiln or make friends with a professional potter. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 6, 2017 at 11:33 pm So “very elevated” as in 500 degrees in an oven isn’t hot enough. Seem the safest approach is: 1. Pre heat to 400 degrees in oven 2. Finish the job by boosting the temp from there with 5 seconds in microwave Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 7, 2017 at 12:07 am Baking a phone or flash drive in your oven may release a bunch of toxic chemicals that could contaminate your next roast dinner. You may want to avoid this unless you’ve got a spare oven. Wrapping it in high temperature baking/parchment paper may help a bit. Microwave nuking is quicker and easier, as the temperature rise is very fast and localised in the metallic parts of the device. The electronics gets fried long before the case etc melts. It’s no good for things in metal boxes though. Reply ↓ Inode_buddha May 7, 2017 at 8:12 am Far cheaper and easier to just use an ordinary propane torch. I did the math on the energy cost required vs an oven and the lowly Ace Hardware propane torch wins. I have and use an oxy-acetylene torch as part of my job, but that cost is underwritten elsewhere ;) (The o-a torch renders most things into a small puddle within seconds) Reply ↓ subgenius May 6, 2017 at 5:57 pm That’s why god invented thermite. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 6, 2017 at 11:35 pm haha! Or magnesium boosted naplam, which you can make with stryofoam and gasoline. Handle with GREAT care! Reply ↓ Lupemax May 6, 2017 at 7:47 am My morning read, every morning for the last many years, is NC which I so appreciate. But I also watched RT (Russian TV) news on my ROKU everyday as well (dumped cable not too long ago). Now RT has been removed from ROKU and I am sad. I could find nothing about this and when I called I was told the agreement with RT and ROKU had been dissolved, suddenly yesterday afternoon. I watched it yesterday morning and then poof gone when I logged on in the afternoon. Personally I think I see the heavy hand of censorship somehow? Anyone know anything else? Reply ↓ Pat May 6, 2017 at 1:48 pm No, but Roku still has Pluto TV on it, and while I haven’t checked to see it is working they have a RT channel. It is annoying to me, and they would like you to register an email, but it is a means of watching RT. Considering the number of other channels that Roku carries officially, that story does seem to be misdirection, at least without more info. Reply ↓ amousie May 6, 2017 at 7:06 pm Still a channel on my ROKU. Just added it now. So thank you. Was previously watching it via YouTube. Reply ↓ savedbyirony May 6, 2017 at 10:43 pm It’s available to watch here: https://watchbritishtv.com/live-tv/russia-today/ Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 8:07 am The WSJ’s claim about “economy poised for spring rebound” has some independent evidence to back it up. A site called DailyJobsUpdate tracks the annualized 3-month rate of change in federal withholding tax collections. A 21-period moving average (nominally one month with 21 business days) makes it quite responsive. Since mid-February this measure has blasted off from about 3.6% to nearly 7.0%: http://ritholtz.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/Trailing-Quarter.gif The Conference Board’s leading indicator has been rising steadily this year, while the Atlanta Fed’s early projection of 2Q 17 GDP is at 4.2%, well above the forecasters’ range of 2.1% to 3.2%. https://www.frbatlanta.org/cqer/research/gdpnow.aspx Looks like the economy has good momentum this quarter and may even be accelerating. We’d better get J-Yel & Stanley on the case to stop this alarming trend. /sarc Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 8:49 am Bond king Jeffrey Gundlach compares the US unemployment rate (4.4% in yesterday’s report) to its 12-month (MA12) and 36-month (MA36) moving averages. Upward crossings signal recession. The slower 36-month MA is used for confirmation. This chart shows that MA12 (black line) rose above 1.0 in Jan 2001, contemporaneous with the onset of recession (bearing in mind that the U rate is reported with a 1-month lag; i.e. this value became available in early Feb 2001). In July 2007, it did so again with a 5-month lead time vs recession onset in Dec 2007. http://ibb.co/eCMzvk Currently MA12 is trending down, signifying a strengthening economy corresponding to a lower U rate. Reply ↓ Darius May 6, 2017 at 9:11 am If this is true, Republicans will have a fairly easy time in the 2018 elections. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 12:10 pm Things can change. Current positive momentum is likely to carry on for a few months. But by then, the Fed’s “rate hikes for all” campaign could start to bite. When it comes to despiking the punch, they don’t stop until the punchbowl lies in broken shards on the sodden carpet. J-Yel consoles Stanley Fischer after a regretable accident: http://tinyurl.com/kxe8gcp Reply ↓ Jef May 6, 2017 at 11:01 am Doesn’t factor in the declining participation rate; https://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS11300000 Not a rosy chart. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes May 6, 2017 at 1:17 pm Although from a technical analysis point of view, it looks like the participation rate has bottomed out and is on its way up. But who really knows? Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 12:53 pm But mosler points out growth in bank loans is crashing. Cash drained by foreign and domestic savers no longer being replaced. Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 1:57 pm Plus peak in yoy employment growth was mar 2015, steadily declining to sub 1.6% now. Maybe because can’t find workers? But under 55 participation crashed and recently got worse. Not all won the lottery. Maybe ebay sellers, and employers refuse to pay enough to compete with low paid in home work. Reply ↓ craazyman May 6, 2017 at 9:34 am this is bad news for Team Crash. I saw two crash alerts just yesterday here. China and Oil. Oil evidently has “crashed” from just over $50 to just under $50. China has been about to crash since Li Po was composing Drinking Alone in the Light of the Moon and River Merchant’s Wife, and has a few times just to keep people on their toes. Team Crash owes lots of people a lot of explaining. How could they have been so wrong for so long and still keep putting out Crash Alerts. It doesn’t seem reasonable any more. It’s like predicting your baseball team ull win the World Series and it’s September and they’re like 62 wins and 92 losses. You wonder what they’re thinking! They may have a better chance of winning the Super Bowl, even though they’re a baseball team. Because the Super Bowl is still far enough in the future that, maybe, all the baseball players on your team can switch sports for the upcoming season! Reply ↓ diptherio May 6, 2017 at 10:10 am How could they have been so wrong for so long and still keep putting out Crash Alerts. They’ve learned from Krugman…? Reply ↓ craazyman May 6, 2017 at 10:23 am everybody on Wall Street learns early — if they can learn at all — that the key to being a successful forecaster is to keep on forecasting! nobody remembers anyway. LOL The investment business is “America’s Dumbest Business” (TM) from University of Magonia, all rights reversed. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 11:39 am Stephen Cobert should apply for a Wall Street forecaster job. [He may need it] He has just gone officially of the deep end headfirst in a swan dive with no bottoms in sight. Or a cygnet dive. They all look the same to me. Now he forecasts Trump and Putin will make beautiful music together and Putin is running America. How long can anyone be this deluded, and keep getting worse? I dunno. Just bought a used electric guitar by accident. Got the urge to try guitar playing and walked into Guitar Center to look around. They showed me a used Peavey Strat clone for $59 !! Looked brand new. Had one piece maple neck and body, rosewood fret board, and 4! Humbucker pickups with 5 position switch. Great shape and quality! Sounded great too – depending on switch position you can make it sound like a Strat or a Gibson Les Paul ! I couldn’t believe it. Yes, I whipped out my credit card and bought it. So now I’m taking youtube lessons. There are a ton of them. Truly the way to go. Learning Sunshine of Your Love and Whole Lotta Luv and some blues riffs for starters. This is harder than it seems. They say it might take 6 months before you can play 10 easy tunes. Reply ↓ craazyman May 6, 2017 at 3:23 pm I heard an air guitar contest once and thought they all sounded awesome, so I went to Guitar Center and asked if they had any. They just laughed at me. So I found a dude on eBay selling one for $50. I got in in a few days but there was nothing in the box. Now he won’t answer my email. I wonder if the guys at Guitar Center knew this dude and that’s why they were laughing. They should have told me. It kind of makes me mad thinking about it. Some people just can’t put two and two together can they? Maybe that’s America’s Dumbest Business, they have people willing to spend money like me but they don’t have the product in stock and eBay eats their lunch. Reply ↓ ambrit May 6, 2017 at 4:50 pm Don’t feel too bad craazyman. Your “vendor” was doing the same as Team XYZ does in politics; selling Hope. (Now available in DNC brand “Hopium.” Check with your spin doctor to see if “Hopium” is right for you.) It’s nice to have a civilized venue such as NC to “air” your grievance, no? Oh, do file a complaint with E-bay itself about that non performing vendor. E-bay gets quite nasty about people, places, and things that tarnish their lustre. Reply ↓ jhallc May 6, 2017 at 5:02 pm If your “Hope” lasts for more than 4 hours see a Doctor. Reply ↓ subgenius May 6, 2017 at 6:00 pm I have friends that had an entire air band, and they managed to secure a record deal and play at Glastonbury. Reply ↓ ambrit May 7, 2017 at 11:22 am Isn’t that what the “industry” calls a “dj” gig? Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 6:50 pm I heard a steel drum band in Vegas once. The steel drums didn’t have any oil in them, kinda like 2006 vintage oil ETFs, but they hit them with sticks or anything else and they sounded great. Rhythm is key. My real reason for trying to learn guitar is it would be an outlet for my bottled up songwriting urges. These half done tunes go wafting thru my head and they are just begging to be completed. After my first two days of youtube lessons, I realized songs are just words, tempo, chords, rhythm, melody and maybe a hot guitar riff or solo. All you need to do is figure out what order to put all the stuff in. One youtuber pointed out that about 500 rock tunes were composed from about ten blues riffs and chords. And all these people are richer than God. So, first, I decided I needed a pen name. Being a white guy, no one would take me seriously writing blues tunes, and I wouldn’t even get fitty cent on Ebay for one. The name I settled on is Airbelly – Cajun King of the Blues and his guitar Lucille. [They all have names for their guitars] That should get me a 6 figure bid on Ebay for starters, then we’ll talk royalties and merchandising. I’m paying myself 10% as my manager. That’s probably a tax dodge. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 7:17 pm P.S. Started working on my first Airbelly tune. [copywrite] Sun rises in the morning Out walking the ‘hood streets Picking me some air cotton Picking me some licks. Ain’t no money in air cotton Licks are coming hard Oh Lordie, my blues may get me tarred. [unfinished] Reply ↓ craazyman May 6, 2017 at 8:48 pm It sounds like you need a 10 bagger. Walking around the streets picking at licks without any money is no fun. How much better wuld this be: Sun rises in the mornin Layin in bed cause I don’t have to work Headache from the red wine fadin Coffee startin to perk Think I’ll lay here forever Watchin Star Trek and Captain Kirk I don’t need no space ship baby Just point my mind and there I go Cause I got money baby Don’t have to work no mo Got a 0.5 mg of xanax, Keeps me from gettin low, No gettin low Everything comes to me baby I think I might call up a ho Reply ↓ jonboinAR May 6, 2017 at 9:07 pm I still recall Martin Mull’s “White Man’s Blues.” Went sumthin like this: “Well I woke up this mornin’, and the Mercedes was gone. Well I woke up this mornin’, and the Mercedes was gone. Well I felt so bad, so lonesome, I threw my drink across the lawn.” craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 9:25 pm Been trying to think of a name for it. I think “A Blues Odyssey” works great. Just keep adding more words until it’s like a blues opera, kinda like “Pinball Wizard”. It may never end. clinical wasteman May 6, 2017 at 10:25 pm https://soundcloud.com/zea/a1-bourgeois-blues Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 10:54 pm Ok. More stanzas. This follows my opening stanza were Airbelly is still poor and before craazyman’s lyrics, where he’s big time, but before jonboin lyrics where he has rich people ups and downs. Nobody can hear my air guitar Gotta monkey and tin can Monkey says he’ll get a loan broker job Better way to be broke than. Says he’s gonna quit All it takes is an offer, And then that’s it! Gotta steal me a Gibson or I’m in for…. shit. Gotta steal me a Gibson A Strat’s for Rock$Roll Gibson is a blues guitar Played by bros in the know. [Now it’s way past time for a chorus. I like the Baptist chick choruses. They’re good if you have more beats to go in a line and run out of words. Just have them go “Ahhhhhh” for as long as it takes until the next line is ready. Do Wah Do Dahs are good too – but not that often in a blues opera. Being a chorus, they also do choruses. I still need to think of a chorus that goes here.TODO. But I thought of one to put after jonboin’s stanza. I see them shaking their heads and wagging their fingers at the camera while singing. I’m assuming there will be a video, musical production, or John Scorsese blockbuster.] You bad person! Suffering is for rich folks Poor folks have happiness Get rid yo material possessions And let Jesus do the rest! Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 11:09 pm Note to self: I just finished Terry Pratchett’s novel, “Soul Guitar”. I think that’s what made me buy a guitar by “accident”. clinical wasteman May 7, 2017 at 2:53 am now that you happen to mention stealing Gibson guitars: https://soundcloud.com/obnox-1/obnox-how-to-rob-the-punk (last verse). But OBNOX is an Equal Opportunities avenger: in this song he lifts a Telecaster too. (Which reminds me, I’m still trying to picture that four-humbucker Fender clone: one on the back and one in the neck?) craazyboy May 7, 2017 at 12:20 pm I just remembered the guitar store guy said the two upper pickups are Humbuckers and the two lower are the originals that give the more bright, metallic sound. Humbuckers have coils wound opposing so they cancel out the high harmonics and give a deeper, true tone. All four are mounted in the front of the body. The two originals are mounted all the way down almost next to underneath where the strings get terminated in the metal bridge. The tremolo bar is connected to the bridge there too. The two Humbuckers are spaced with one underneath the strings just below the neck-body joint. The other is between that and the original pair. The 5 position switch then lets you set which combination of pickups is active. The store guy made it sound like this was a modified setup. At that point I just wanted to buy it and not ask a bunch of questions! Also, correction. I meant Martin Scorsese down below. HopeLB May 7, 2017 at 1:22 am I can’t wait for your first album, particularly your lyrics! Then I started wondering if your music is beautiful, soulful blues while your lyrics are hilarious and far reaching/mind bending if it wouldn’t create an uncomfortable tension in the listener whose mind would wish to focus/laugh about the lyrics while the music sort of shuffled them past your astute observations too quickly, but then I thought maybe you could intersperse instrumental/non-lyrical interludes to allow your audience time to laugh and/or process. It will be brilliant and lovely and I’ll subscribe to your channel as soon as it’s up. (Maybe your interludes could make use of the didgeradoo? Blues didgeradoo? The music of the Downtrodden carried by the wind of the Down Under. Could be a hook (at least for Aussie sales). Reply ↓ craazyboy May 7, 2017 at 12:30 pm Thankyou, thankyou. [bows, deeply with flowery flourish of hand.] You’re my first official groupie! When I do the site, we should stage some fake pics of you charging the stage after encores and cheers and giving me big hugs and kisses. That could be hot. One of the easiest things to do is makes blues shift moods. Us experienced guitar music composers think of our guitars as having “voices”. Lucille [bitch that she is], can easily go from soulful, to mournful, to angry, simply by how hard I pick a note, how long I hold a bend or pull notes, and how hard I strum a chord. I mastered these things in my second hour of practice. Problem is doing two things in a row is hard. Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money May 7, 2017 at 7:33 am Let us know when you can play like Alvin Lee (Check out The Woodchopper’s Ball). Reply ↓ craazyboy May 7, 2017 at 11:56 am He was my first guitar hero – in the short period of history before EC. “I’d Love To Change the World” was a blues-rock guitar classic. Johnny Winter, arguably the mother of blues riffs gone electric, was still doing Chuck Berry tunes at Woodstock! Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money May 7, 2017 at 5:20 pm My current guitar hero is Angelo Debarre and according to Wikipedia at time of typing he is still alive and twanging in the Django manner. You’ve tried the rest, now hear best: Try searching yewtube (it started with a sheep video) for: Angelo Debarre live Roma 2013 and go on from there. pip pip Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money May 7, 2017 at 5:43 pm Stage Name suggestion: Here in Australia “Rough as guts” is slang for: well, you probably have the image in you mind already. I’m never gonna have a band so you can use mine: Rufus Gutz and The Truck Roll-Overs – (Unsafe with any speed) I think they might be louder than my hearing could cope with. pip pip Reply ↓ Brian May 6, 2017 at 11:53 am The problem may be that the alleged/accepted value of a commodity is priced in paper. Only a few dozen entities determine this paper has meaning, and then print it to purchase what they want. The paper is being printed in greater quantity every day, but the commodity is not. The commodity has value due to relative scarcity and demand. We can start with water, soil, oil, air…. as critical commodities to our livelihoods but by no means a comprehensive list. So, the basics for life on this planet are priced in paper. As long as that continues, everything about a future is an illusion. As this manufactured dream disolves, so does reality. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL May 6, 2017 at 5:04 pm Um, yes. Oil, the very lifeblood of the world economy and food supply, spiked to $140 bucks a few years ago (it’s $50 today). This had absolutely nothing to do with supply and demand, it was a few sh*theads in suits who simply put the price there at the behest of a few billionaire or political masters. Enforcement of a few simple laws would instantly solve this but we live in a post-law era as the Comey testimony so amply demonstrated. A starving guy steals a loaf and gets an orange jumpsuit, a banker steals the GDP of nations and gets a bigger yacht. Reply ↓ LifelongLib May 6, 2017 at 7:18 pm The distinction between demand and paper is a false one, because demand can only be expressed by people with paper. In fact in modern properly functioning economies supply generally exceeds demand — not because there aren’t people who need things, but because the people in need don’t have the paper to translate those needs into economic demand. Reply ↓ Sandler May 6, 2017 at 12:13 pm Under fiat money I don’t see how assets can be allowed to “crash” in price (but as a percentage of total money in supply, have they really gone up?), what declines is quality of life of regular people. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 9:50 am Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 8:07 am I look at the unemployment figures, and it demonstrates if economists could put a saddle on a platypus they would believe the platypus could win the Kentucky Derby…. Reply ↓ polecat May 6, 2017 at 11:20 am Ah, but platypus can sting ! Reply ↓ Synapsid May 6, 2017 at 4:18 pm polecat, Only the males. Reply ↓ From Cold Mountain May 6, 2017 at 10:26 am Ha! You think this is science! Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 11:45 am It falls a bit short of science. More in the realm of a heuristic. Basic idea is to stay in gear with the trend. If unemployment has been falling for months, then the economy is not shrinking. The U rate is from the household survey, which gives a direct window into what people are thinking: There are about 60,000 eligible households in the sample for this survey. This translates into approximately 110,000 individuals each month, a large sample compared to public opinion surveys, which usually cover fewer than 2,000 people. The sample is a state-based design and reflects urban and rural areas, different types of industrial and farming areas, and the major geographic divisions of each state. Every month, one-fourth of the households in the sample are changed, so that no household is interviewed for more than 4 consecutive months. After a household is interviewed for 4 consecutive months, it leaves the sample for 8 months, and then is again interviewed for the same 4 calendar months a year later, before leaving the sample for good. As a result, approximately 75 percent of the sample remains the same from month to month and 50 percent remains the same from year to year. This procedure strengthens the reliability of estimates of month-to-month and year-to-year change in the data. https://www.bls.gov/cps/cps_htgm.htm This is great data — the sample size beats the living hell out of the crappy, useless presidential polls which wasted countless hours of our valuable time last year. Reply ↓ dao May 6, 2017 at 8:12 am RE: Macron hacking. Like in the case of the DNC hacking, the “real news” is not about the content of the e-mails but about the hacking itself. Of course, the Russians did it. Trying to get ahead of the real story (the content of the e-mails) the Macron camp is saying there are “fake” e-mails mixed in with authentic ones. Just a few hours after the release of the e-mails, they already knew the Russians did it and that e-mails were forged. This is what passes for “real news”. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 6, 2017 at 1:02 pm They French liberals do seem very determined to recreate the Clinton campaign in short form. 1) It’s inevitable, candidate has a huge lead in the polls. 2) Get hacked, blame it on Russians, claim the documents are fake anyway without providing any proof. 3) Have other liberals (Varoufakis) do op eds saying yes, the neoliberal candidate is awful but vote for them anyway because the other candidate and all their supporters are racist. It’s as if these neolibs know deep down that despite their claims to the contrary about ‘helping’, they are really just greedy assholes and some inchoate sense of guilt makes them want to lose as a form of penance. That’s the best theory I can come up with for what sure looks like abject stupidity. Reply ↓ BillC May 6, 2017 at 4:27 pm Just finished reading Tom Frank’s “Listen, Liberal,” in which he posits that what passes for “the left” has abandoned the working class for the credentialed/professional class, whose guiding ethic is meritocracy. The meritocrats stick together and are convinced, despite results to the contrary, they have all the right answers. At most, they may admit to needing better propaganda. I don’t think they want to lose (they don’t merit that!), they simply have no clue what to do about the fact that half of humanity is, by definition, below average, yet still need (and occasionally even demand) social and living conditions that meet human needs, regardless of merit. Varoufakis’ piece, what I see daily in political coverage in Italy, and what I read here of other developed nations’ politics convinces me that not only is Frank correct, but that his thesis applies throughout the developed world — which, after all, does require meritocratic expertise (AKA “little Eichmanns”) to keep the capitalist engines turning profitably. Reply ↓ Marina Bart May 6, 2017 at 4:59 pm I think it’s important to always remind people that the beneficiaries of “meritocracy” for the most part are good at things that are not what anyone thinks of as merit. They’re rewarded for being born into a particular class, being compliant to power, and being willing to say and do things they know to be wrong (standardized testing now amplifies not just test prep training which privileges money, but a willingness to spit out answers that are incorrect simply because either an authority figure wants it or improved status or opportunity depends on it). These factors are far more important that intelligence, diligence, grit or any other trait that the ruling class insists makes all the difference. In fact, none of those things do. Reply ↓ BillC May 6, 2017 at 6:08 pm Thanks, Marina. Agreed. Anyone who’s worked in corporate America can testify to that. I’m sorry my my remark “below average” invites the inference that corporate or political elites’ judgements of merit … have any merit at all. But regardless of the dimension by which merit is judged — whether kissing your superiors’ a** or diligent application of creative intelligence — a humane society provides for the basic human needs of all its members. Neoliberal orthodoxy is totally blind to this basic moral imperative. BTW, I’m glad you’ve joining forces with Yves and Lambert. The three of you cover an amazingly wide spectrum. Reply ↓ Marina Bart May 6, 2017 at 7:14 pm Thank you for the compliment. I don’t know if I can be deemed to have “joined forces” with Yves and Lambert. I’m still just a guest at this party. I am honored and delighted that Yves and Lambert respect my writing and thinking enough to elevate it to the front page on occasion. I came to Naked Capitalism to learn and understand things that my previous sources of information were inadequate (or actively deceptive) in explaining. So every time I write anything — either in the comments or as a post — that Yves, Lambert, or the rest of the commentariat find valuable, I feel like I am giving back to the site, which makes me happy. You’re absolutely right that definitionally, according to the paradigm under which meritocracy operates, half the population is below average. So we have now reached the stage where the the supposedly meritorious are asserting that the non-meritorious do not deserve to live. The neat trick is that many of those elevated under meritocracy are not, in fact, above average according to the measurement system they themselves espouse. The whole point of meritocracy is to lock in status and economic advantage for people who would otherwise lose that status and advantage to others in a fair competition. Then there is the additional problem, which is that there are all sorts of problems with the measurement systems we use under this paradigm. Only certain kinds of character traits and cognitive abilities are measured and treasured, and even what is being measured via IQ tests is deeply problematic. What’s being tested is too limited, the tests aren’t being normed well enough on the far “high” side to be reliable (you know, that would be the side where “intellectual merit” would supposedly be found), the numeric system creates a misleading rank ordering usage that reinforces a profoundly inaccurate understanding of what an IQ number actually means, socioeconomic status has far more impact on all this than those who benefit from the system want to admit, and the whole thing is based on the assumption that intelligence distribution follows a Bell Curve. There is, however, some interestingly suggestive data that, in the wild, intelligence (even the type that fits the meritocratic paradigm) does not follow a Bell Curve. If that’s true, then everything else about the norming and rank ordering of the system is also undermined. So there are a great many problems with our current process for determining intelligence, which we are told is privileged by the neoliberal system. In reality, high intelligence is not in any way privileged in this system. People are punished every day for thinking. Thinking is inconvenient to the smooth operation of the system. And I agree 100% — neoliberalism is profoundly immoral. Reply ↓ Carl May 7, 2017 at 12:38 am Your thinking is very clear, and I enjoy your posts. Reply ↓ different clue May 7, 2017 at 1:56 am Since they flatter themselves as being an aristocracy of merit, perhaps we should change the name of their class to the meristocracy. And start calling them meristocrats. Reply ↓ Mel May 6, 2017 at 1:07 pm For me the real news is that the Macron campaign, too, is an industrial product, delivered complete in a plastic clam-shell package. Now includes Russian hacking. Yet to decide whether the Macron candidate is the same, as Obama and Trudeau could be. Reply ↓ David May 6, 2017 at 8:28 am On the Macron leak, the campaign is now over, and the French election authorities have asked the media not to publish any of the documents or comment on them. This will probably be respected. I doubt if the leak was intended to influence the results directly, though given that leaks recently (Fillon, Clinton, even Macron’s use of government funds for dinners for potential supporters) have in the end been found to be accurate, there may be a hope that some hesitating voters may decide not to vote Macron, but stay at home, to avoid buyer’s remorse later. This won’t affect the overall result, but it may undermine Macron slightly, especially if it pushes the turnout below even that which is expected. (The weather forecast tomorrow is poor). Macron’s campaign has been rending its garments and gnashing its teeth all over a very sympathetic media, which hasn’t neglected to blame Russia. This again may make people feel there’s no smoke without fire. The real purpose, I think, is to undermine Macron after the election (assuming he wins) and before he takes power in about ten days. There will be a media frenzy which can only make his position weaker, and also make people a bit less likely to vote for his candidates in the June parliamentary elections. Who gains from this? Most probably the Right, whose objective will be to become the largest bloc in the new parliament, and force Macron to accept a Prime Minister of their choosing. This could amount, in the end, to a victory for Fillon by the back door, even if he personally is unlikely to be Prime Minister. Meanwhile, the Left seems to be doing its usual Judean People’s Liberation Front act, which means it will probably lose massively in the parliamentary elections. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 8:39 am Hi David. I can understand that the Socialists will struggle to get support after Hollande. But could you offer an opinion on who Mélenchon supporters are likely to support in the June parliamentary elections? Are there any candidates aligned with him or endorsed by him? Reply ↓ David May 6, 2017 at 8:48 am He’s trying to negotiate an agreement with the Communists, who are quite powerful in certain constituencies, but as of this morning they were still arguing about financing the campaign together. It’s all complicated by the two-round structure of the elections, and the fact that you can have so-called “triangular” second rounds with three parties if they all cross the necessary threshold (from memory, 12%). The number crunchers have been applying the latest poll figures for the presidential to the parliamentary elections, but it doesn’t look good for either Mélenchon or Le Pen. There’s a good chance that Mélenchon’s party will do quite well in the first round, but will be beaten in most places in the second. It’s probable, but not certain, that in constituencies where the Socialists come second to the Right, Mélencon’s people will support the Socialist candidate, but we really are in the realms of speculation here. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 9:49 am Appreciated, thanks. It’s mildly tragic the traditional left can’t get it together in any meaningful way. But politics is evolving beyond the linear left-right spectrum, and anyone wanting sanity and humanity probably needs to look elsewhere for their champions. Reply ↓ jCandlish May 6, 2017 at 10:44 am The timing of the release of this document cache seems planned to inflict the maximum damage on Macron without giving the election to Le Pen. Also, when will encryption finally catch on? There is no reason for this leak to have occurred without compromising the identity of the leaker. Reply ↓ Skip Intro May 6, 2017 at 10:53 am The leak came from Macron/TPTB themselves, as a way of turning an upset loss into another casus belli against the evil russkis, and a way of tainting the legitimacy of a LePen win. They’re hedging. Reply ↓ Bill Smith May 6, 2017 at 11:04 am “The real purpose, I think, is to undermine Macron after the election (assuming he wins) and before he takes power in about ten days” Leaving chaos in the wake of an election was historically a strategy of the Soviet Union and carried out by the KGB. It was discussed / directed from the highest levels of the Soviet Union. It is in Politburo minutes that came west after the fall of the Soviet Union. In the reports that the KGB would send up to the Politburo, they would detail how many ‘fake’ news articles they planted in each western countries media. The Soviets where not the only country that did this. And now one doesn’t need to be a country to do it. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 12:36 pm Yah, Bill, thanks for including that obscure line about “the Soviets where not the only country that did this.” I understand you may have first hand knowledge and maybe experience about how “our” glorious Democratic USA has done and does this “leaving chaos” stuff, pretty much everywhere, and over and over, in service of what, again? The “national interest?”… a legacy to be proud of… Reply ↓ Chris G May 6, 2017 at 8:44 am UK elections: The relentless pro-Tory spin being put on yesterday’s local election results seems designed to brainwash us into seeing the Tories as the only credible choice in next month’s general election. Their ‘interpretation’ of results in Scotland has been particularly blatant: see Craig Murray’s excellent analysis at https://www.craigmurray.org.uk/archives/2017/05/astonishing-tory-ferguslie-park-super-triumph/ , (his post is currently being read by 20,000 visitors an hour!) and the estimable Wings over Scotland at https://wingsoverscotland.com/what-theyre-trying-to-sell-you/ If only we had an English National Party… (No, not UKIP, who have crashed since the Tories are now clearly indistinguishable from them.) Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 9:39 am Thanks for the links. Yet another example of how the mainstream media has been utterly captured, shamelessly authoring and parrotting utter bs and blatant propaganda. The BBC has been execrable for years, and Australia’s ABC is heading the same way. Political interference, successive purges and “headcount restructuring” have led to inexperienced, compliant journalists merely manufacturing content to orders from above. Had a similar reaction on reading Carolinian’s piece on Comey linked at the top of the coments. An eminently sensible assessment of Comey’s muddled, unprincipled and blatantly political stances that you’d never see in the MSM. Supporting independent online media and fighting to keep it highly visible is one of the most important tasks ahead. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 9:04 am http://glineq.blogspot.com/2017/05/the-deep-state-as-tool-for.html There are two very strong points of Lofgren’s book. First, Lofgren is somebody who knows the system from the inside (he worked for almost thirty years in Congress, sat on budget and armed services committees and knows personally a number of key political players). He thus brings to the book a knowledge that a political science professor just simply does not have. Second, Lofgren shows that there are strong links between domestic and foreign policy preferences of the deep state. The rising political power of the rich (documented by Larry Bartels and Martin Gilens) and increasing income inequality (documented by so many that it is superfluous to give citations) are, as Lofgren shows, intrinsically linked to domestic policy choices that reduce taxes on the rich, provide an increasing number of loopholes for the rich, curb social spending, but also (and only apparently contradictorily) increase military spending. Why the latter? Because the beneficiaries from the military spending are precisely the members of the deep state. As Lofgren argues, TARP and military spending are just the two facets of the same coin: the use of government resources for the benefit of the rich. ========================================================= If you don’t like “deep state” one could substitute the “wonky 0.1%” and use Bob Rubin as an example, or I like the “(supposed) enlightened vampire squid” Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 9:09 am AND: We should, it seems, stop thinking of government spending as the opposite of private spending. This is because government spending has two radically different constituencies and two very different objectives. One part of government spending (the one that we traditionally emphasize) serves the needs of the middle class and the poor: social security, Medicare, Medicaid, unemployment benefits. This is the part that, from the point of view of the deep state, should be cut. The second part of government spending is to support (when needed) the financial sector and to buy new military hardware. There, the beneficiaries are the people from the other end of the income distribution spectrum: the financiers, owners and managers of large military supplier companies, telecommunications, private security firms and the like. When we think of government in this way, the apparent paradox of Republicans (and many Democrats) being at the same time in favor of smaller government, and TARP and larger military spending vanishes. ….. As always, when you dig deeper, the origins of domestic and foreign policies are to be found in economic interests. An oft-used aphorism says that “all politics is local”. It would be more appropriate to say that “all politics is about money”. ================================================= Who gets the money, and who doesn’t get the money. Or as I always say, “reform” in the US is first, second, and always about INSURING (pun intended) that any possibility of the rich suffering a financial loss is unpossible. Reply ↓ Enquiring Mind May 6, 2017 at 10:17 am One question I’ve had about the .01%, for example, is just how much money do they need? After a certain point (The First Billion, The Tenth, etc) there is a superfluous aspect to all that extra cash and wealth. Or do they just want it to want it? Or want it to maintain status? Or to preserve their posterity or their posterior? Or to keep the masses down? All of the above? How much study has been done on that? Any conclusions to help enlighten the enquirers? Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 10:39 am I recall Crosby&Nash (and George Carlin, of course, among others) sorted that out for the rest of us a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away… “They Want It All” They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how Want that Mercedes, that gulf stream too They want to get, get it from you They want your life savings and your mothers ring They’d like to have everything They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how They want that mansion and they want it full Of wine and women and political pull They always have a President or two That’s how they get away with what they do That’s how they do it They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how They bleed the companies they’re supposed to run Ain’t no different than taking your money with a gun They make it to Jamaica and their wire comes through They sacrifice a lawyer and they’re laughing at you They want it all (they want it all) they want it now (they want it now) They want to get it and they don’t care how They want it all (they want it all) they want it now (they want it now) They want to get it and they don’t care how They don’t get prosecuted don’t even get charged They’re somewhere in the sun belt living it large And the government says we can’t prove they did it at all Besides they’ve got these underlings ready to take the fall They want it all (they want it all) they want it now (they want it now) They want to get it and they don’t care how They want it all (they want it all) they want it now (they want it now) They want to get it and they don’t care how These people that they stole from who’s lives they laid to waste They should have to meet them all face to face And explain just why their momma didn’t teach ’em not to steal If you want us to believe in justice, justice better be real Better be, better be, real Got to be real yeah, mmm, ooh! I’m talking to you now Got to be real You They just don’t give a damn http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/crosbynash/theywantitall.html d). All of the above. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 6, 2017 at 1:08 pm Or from the more recent Soundgarden song Non-State Actor: We’re not elected But we will speak We’re not the chosen But we believe And we settle for A little bit more than everything. Reply ↓ Katharine May 6, 2017 at 3:21 pm A kind of illness. I understand, by the way, that Trump has declared May National Mental Health Awareness Month. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 6:13 pm JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 10:39 am Its hard to fathom, but what you don’t have is as important to them as what they have. Reply ↓ LifelongLib May 6, 2017 at 8:03 pm It’s better to be king of a dunghill than just another guy in a palace, right? Reply ↓ different clue May 7, 2017 at 1:19 am It’s better to be king of THE dunghill . . . the ONLY dunghill. . . than just another guy in just another palace. Reply ↓ Vatch May 6, 2017 at 7:26 pm @Enquiring Mind at 10:17 AM: I think the answer is “all of the above”, although there will certainly be variance among the oligarchs. As for maintaining status, remember when Trump would insist that he had $10 billion, even though Forbes estimated his wealth at about $4.5 billion (later reduced to $3.7 billion)? It probably drove him nuts that people believed that there were more than 150 Americans who were richer than he was. Reply ↓ Carl May 7, 2017 at 12:43 am We are the peculiar variant of monkey that determines our happiness by looking at the nearest monkeys around us. Reply ↓ allan May 6, 2017 at 9:13 am GOP bill would cut low-cost NY health plan [D&C] A low-cost health insurance option used by more than 600,000 New York residents would shut down if the Republican health care plan becomes law. New York’s Essential Plan would be defunded under the American Health Care Act approved Thursday by the House of Representatives, … The Essential Plan is a basic, no-deductible health insurance plan available to low-income New York residents for free or $20 a month, depending on income. It has become a popular program under the state’s health exchange since it started two years ago. … The Essential Plan has more than 665,000 enrollees this year, about 18 percent of the 3.6 million enrolled in some form of coverage through the state’s health exchange. … The Buffalo News reported Thursday that Rep. Chris Collins, R-Clarence, Erie County, was unaware of the Essential Plan cut despite voting in favor of the GOP bill. On Friday, Collins issued a statement blasting the “falsehoods being spread about the ‘Essential Plan’.” “Going forward these patient populations will be covered on the individual marketplace,” Collins said. “This will provide New Yorkers with more choice and flexibility, as well as lower costs.” … I know people on the Essential Plan. Collins is smoking Ayn Rand flavored crack if he thinks `the market’ is going to provide them with affordable insurance. Of course, Collins, who was the first member of Congress to endorse Trump, is worth $66 million and actually doesn’t give a [FAMILY BLOG] about the people who are on the Essential Plan. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 6, 2017 at 10:07 am The program — an optional plan allowed by the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare — offers major federal reimbursements, which would be cut under the American Health Care Act. So many secret ways that the government actually pays for “healthcare,” while pretending that insurance companies are really doing it and really, really deserve the profit they’re making. Reply ↓ marym May 6, 2017 at 11:30 am 2002 study (PDF) 60 Percent of Health Spending is Already Publicly Financed, Enough to Cover Everyone “Americans already pay for national health insurance — they just don’t get it. In this 2002 Health Affairs paper, David Himmelstein and Steffie Woolhandler point out that the standard accounting miscategorizes two major public health expenditures as private: the tax credit for private health insurance and the cost of the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program…. A single-payer system could provide such coverage to all Americans with no need for additional health dollars.” Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 6, 2017 at 12:14 pm From the Jacobin link provided by dcblogger below: The ACA, which may or may not die in the Senate, only ever made sense as an intermediate step toward a universal provision of health care. It was a big, ugly, ungainly, cobbled-together thing that, for all the partisan paeans to its wonderfulness and indispensability, never really worked very well. The part that did work was Medicaid expansion. In other words, the part that worked was the single-payer program that the Democrats so ardently refused — continue to refuse — to endorse. https://jacobinmag.com/2017/05/affordable-care-act-repeal-democrats-singing I welcome this sudden commitment to people with “pre-existing” conditions. Sooner or later it’s going to occur to someone that these are the sick people that the most free-spending “healthcare” system in the world apparently can’t afford to treat. At some point it’s going to dawn on some genius that a “healthcare” system that only includes healthy people shouldn’t be anywhere near as expensive as this one is. Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 1:07 pm And even less costly if insurer refuses to pay when the healthy person gets sick. Or pregnant. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 2:31 pm Would Single Payer pay for itself? Doesn’t that depend on the details of any particular Single Payer plan, including, among other things, cost reduction measures, like negotiating drug prices, and health care provider fees, both keep going up everyday, so that what might have been adequate or affordable in 2002, needs to be cheaper today? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 2:40 pm The only clear path to Single Payer, it seems to me, is MMT. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 9:35 am I guess the idiocracy of Economism is pretty universal: http://www.atimes.com/article/hangover-part-iv-china-sluggish-q1-blow/ Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 9:42 am And something else “All of humanity’s problems stem from man’s inability to sit quietly in a room alone.” Blaise Pascal I heard that quote Wednesday night in the movie Roger Corman’s Death Race 2050. It was a remake of a movie he had made years earlier – Death Race 2000 (the earlier version was better IMHO….more subtle…). The black female driver says the Pascal quote to another female and it is meant to be a jarring revelation that the stereotype of an urban rapper death racer and reality are two different things. Apparently the movie was made very quickly after the presidential election, or some parts were edited in to take advantage of Trump as president. Anyway, I knew I had heard that quote before, but where? http://thereformedbroker.com/2016/10/19/qotd-on-doing-nothing/ Just serendipity of hearing the same interesting quote in two very different venues…. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 10:33 am Didn’t know he was a meditating Zen monk. Speaking of zazen, “nothing is better than something.” Upon that enlightenment, one is content to stay in bed. “Why should I inflict more pain upon the world by inventing more tech gadgets, making up more economic theories, and uncovering more knowledge about how the brain can be manipulated through brain research?” I actually would not feel so bad to know we have not found new and better replacements for PCBs. Who knows what danger lurks there in that terra incognita. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 11:17 am I should clarify the statement “nothing is better than somthing.” Normally, when we say, ‘no one is prettier than you, my dear,’ or ‘nothing is cuter than a cat.’ that the X in ‘nothing is better than X,’ that X is the best thing in the world. And when we say, ‘not being hungry is better than being hungry,’ we mean in the sense of X > Y, when we say, X is better than Y. Here, I mean to say, having or doing nothing is better than having or doing something, in the same sense of having or doing nothing > having or doing something. Reply ↓ dcblogger May 6, 2017 at 10:01 am How to watch live stream of Jimmy Carter-Bernie Sanders talk http://www.ajc.com/news/how-watch-live-stream-jimmy-carter-bernie-sanders-talk/jj9lBJthvpAgq20NnGCpBN/ Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 10:17 am New Museum of Failure Credit Slips So I check the article out. And I click on the link to the museum. And I see “Bic for her” WTF??? Like, a pen??? So I google it. Yup, a pen…just for women!!! This Huffinington post article has Amazon reviews that are pretty good http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/30/bic-pen-for-her-amazon-reviews_n_1842991.html Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 10:20 am UAE to DRAG ICEBERG from Antarctica to solve water shortage set to last 25 years Daily Express I don’t know how many (3 dozen???) articles I have read over the years on iceberg dragging, yet apparently it has NEVER happened. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 6, 2017 at 1:11 pm And surprisingly (or not), no consideration given to maybe not building huge cities in the middle of a desert on the first place. Reply ↓ ambrit May 6, 2017 at 5:05 pm Do you know just how large the sails would have to be to move even a smallish iceberg? You’d have to use most of the water “harvested” just to grow the cotton needed to weave the material for those sails. Of course, when the iceberg melts away, or, as happens “in the wild,” the iceberg flips upside down, those sails would be a prototypical “sunk cost.” The economics of it do not compute. Also, who would sail the iceberg? Snorri Disneyson and his pixarlated pyrates? Better all around to use the most abundant natural resource in the desert climes, sunlight, and flash distill seawater. Larry Nivens’ “Slaver Sunflowers” and a big above ground tank would do the trick. “Growing flowers in the desert.” Reply ↓ Aumua May 6, 2017 at 9:57 pm Article is complete BS. Vaporware. Nothing to see here. I’m not even going to waste any time deconstructing it. Reply ↓ Aumua May 6, 2017 at 10:15 pm No pun was intended, btw. Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry May 6, 2017 at 11:43 pm Too bad, it was sublime. Reply ↓ ambrit May 7, 2017 at 11:36 am I bow down and make obescience. You are obviously a Zen Pun Master. Did you go to a monastery where during remeditation practice, the master hits you over the head with a rubber chicken to aid in your efforts at concentration, or was it one of the monasteries that practiced the admittedly controversial variant of the Hahayana Noun Engagement Practice? Enquiring minds want to No. Reply ↓ Wyoming May 6, 2017 at 11:43 pm And let us hope it never does happen as doing so would utterly destroy the marine ecosystem in any warm water location it was towed to. All the creatures and sea vegetation would perish due to the sharp change in water temperatures any where near an iceberg towed to the Middle East. An insane idea prompted by desperation. We are going to see a lot of those kinds of ‘solution’ in the next few decades. Reply ↓ paul May 6, 2017 at 10:27 am Slight correction to the torygraph link Labour lost 112 seats north of the border while Theresa May’s party gained 164, more than doubling their previous tally. The SNP remain the largest party with 431 seats – marginally fewer than in 2012. In torygraph arithmetic 425 is marginally fewer than 431 Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 11:47 am I think you may have meant In torygraph arithmetic 431 is marginally fewer than 425 Reply ↓ paul May 6, 2017 at 2:02 pm Indeed I did. Cheers Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 10:40 am Trump: ‘Everybody’ has better healthcare than US The Hill President Trump said Friday that “everybody” has better healthcare than the United States. “Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do –everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great,” Trump tweeted. …. “It’s a very good bill right now. The premiums are going to come down very substantially. The deductibles are going to come down. It’s going to be fantastic healthcare. Right now ObamaCare is failing; we have a failing healthcare,” Trump said Thursday alongside Turnbull. Critics, such as Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), have noted the Australian system is the opposite of the GOP plan. ”Thank you, Mr. President,” a laughing Sanders said on MSNBC on Thursday night. “Let us move to a Medicare-for-all system that does what every other major country on Earth does: guarantee healthcare to all people at a fraction of the cost per capita that we spend.” During the 2016 campaign, Trump said his healthcare plan would ensure coverage for all Americans. But the House GOP bill could result in lost coverage for millions of Americans. ======================================================== This is one of those things where Trump can make just bizarrely untrue statements. And I was wondering why does it succeed with so many people??? And all I can figure is at least Trump is advocating something that is clear, simple, and desirable. Dems could counter with a clear, simple, desirable policy, e.g., medicare for all. But they don’t…. WHY NOT??? Because they are SOOOO responsible….to the people buying they off. Or is there another reason? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 10:55 am I wonder if here (everyone has it better) Trump is pulling a Sanders. “It’s up to you do it.” Meanwhile, everyone continues to reference everything to Trump and to Sanders…Trump voters, Sanders voters, etc. (never JUST the ideas themselves, AND, actually, the ideas are not unique or new…think Denmark, Roosevelt). “It’s up to you all to send Single-Payer politicians to congress.” Reply ↓ Eureka Springs May 6, 2017 at 1:30 pm How many times and ways does a casino tell you you are a winner? Throw it all against the wall and see what sticks. How many people only gather news in sound bites? How many people selectively hear what they want to hear? Trump doesn’t have to say that very often to get credit since shunned Sanders is the other prominent person saying it. Whilst prominent Pelosi or HRC say no way, no how, if they say anything at all. Reply ↓ jonboinAR May 6, 2017 at 9:42 pm It’s our Democratic leader’s very corruption and transparent hypocrisy makes their arguments wither before Trumps outrageous stretchers. While they cravenly, disgustingly, fingers twisting together, voices high pitched and trembling, try to feed us that same tired BS, Trump heartily bellows, “Yeah, our health care system does suck. It’s the worst!” We’re so struck and pleased by this rare expression of honesty that we’re apt to accept anything he says next, particularly if its delivered in the same tone. Reply ↓ different clue May 7, 2017 at 1:26 am No. There is no other reason. That is the reason. “Impeachment is off the table.” “Never. Ever.” Your Democrats on parade. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 6, 2017 at 10:41 am RE: Trump: ‘Everybody’ has better healthcare than US The Hill “Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do –everybody does. — The president raised eyebrows Thursday night when he heaped praise on Australia’s universal healthcare system even though that type of system is widely derided by conservatives. While eyebrows may have been raised due to political implications, I haven’t heard much in the way of disagreement about the accuracy of the statement. Come to think of it, I haven’t heard any. As for the wide “derision” of “that type of system,” I believe said derision is one of those rare instances of bipartisanship which americans are reported to crave. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 11:17 am Katniss Everdeen May 6, 2017 at 10:41 am “As for the wide “derision” of “that type of system,” I believe said derision is one of those rare instances of bipartisanship which americans are reported to crave.” Very good point. American politics is not quite as good as professional wrestling. Like wrestling, we don’t get to select the participants, and like wrestling, the outcome is predetermined…. But nobody yells at you for being cynical for denigrating wrestling, unlike when one points out that American politics would benefit from more Russia media reporting of how “Merica really works…. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 10:45 am Gender inequality is holding back US economy, Yellen warns Financial Times Probably should add IQ-inequality as well. Those born with a mental-silver-spoon, by definition, know without much effort (the sign of a true genius). They program algorithmic trading before entering kindergarten. If you worked very hard, and barely got your Ph.D., then, you’re not likely an IQ-oppressor. You’re one of us, the mental 99%. Reply ↓ jfleni May 6, 2017 at 10:49 am RE: Suddenly, Oil Below $40 a Barrel Doesn’t Seem So Far-Fetched. The grease monkeys and the Princelings don’t believe it, but looking at the rise of electric cars and the general rejection of motor vehicle transport, the oil age is not only ending, but dying quickly. These very same clowns can be counted on to swindle and deceive themselves while it lasts. Could’nt happen to a more deserving bunch! Reply ↓ subgenius May 6, 2017 at 6:12 pm ‘general rejection of motor vehicle transport’ Where is this reality, and how do I get there? Reply ↓ ambrit May 7, 2017 at 11:39 am Check out the homeless on foot, and those who have lost their drivers licenses and are riding about on bicycles. They are showing up everywhere now. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 10:55 am Watch a cop’s staged body cam footage made “to look like it was done in real-time“ ars technica. Yuk. Now the body cam footage of Pueblo Police Department Officer Seth Jensen, which was used in court, is being published exclusively by Ars Technica. The video above shows Jenson finding a .357 Magnum, about 7 grams of heroin, and 43 $1 bills in the vehicle suspect Joseph Cajar was traveling in. The vehicle was towed after Cajar couldn’t provide an officer registration or insurance during a traffic stop. In the footage, provided to Ars by Cajar’s attorney, Jensen reenacts the vehicle search at a local tow yard. Jensen later texted (PDF) a local Pueblo County prosecutor telling her that the video was staged. That prosecutor then alerted her superiors, and charges against Cajar were dropped. “This was concerning because all indications in the discovery and during his testimony at the preliminary hearing indicated that the body camera footage actually represented the sequence of events as they developed regarding the search. Furthermore, the staging was done in such a way to make it look like it was done in real-time. (The items had to be repositioned etc.),” Joe Koncilja, Cajar’s attorney, told Ars in an e-mail. ===================================================== Again, I come back to the fact that there is a legal presumption that police officers are telling the truth. How much reality is necessary to disabuse the ‘Merican legal system of that fantasy???? But of course, the ‘Mercian legal system’s point isn’t justice….. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 4:43 pm I can’t wait to sit on a jury someday so I can vote to acquit and tell my fellow jurors “I think the cop was lying” as they berate me for it. I may not be able to acquit the poor fellow, but I can sure hang the jury and make the prosecutor try the case again. Commentariat, how far fetched is my juror fantasy? I’ve never served on one before. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 6:26 pm Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 4:43 pm I have served on several and if you have the spine, you can do it. I will note something interesting – I forget when I first noticed this, but JUDGES ask jurors during voir dire , and the judge says not to tell him the OUTCOME of the jury vote, but did the jury you served on reach a unanimous decision. If that isn’t skewing the outcome to those that will go along with the group, I don’t know what is….. Reply ↓ ambrit May 7, 2017 at 11:48 am I too have been on a Federal Jury no less, and the point is germane. However, crowd dynamics sets in on juries and there develops an increasingly venomous drive to force internal cohesion. Standing up to a group of people who really, really expect you to go along to get along takes courage. fresno dan just above is right about the mechanics of how a jury is “managed” by the officiate. After the jury I was on returned a “hung jury” on a “pill mill” case, the Judge came in to the jury room, accompanied by the Prosecutor, and asked to know why we had “hung.” We were quite specific about what had soured us on the prosecution. The Judge, now that I think about it, did not ask us what the vote had ended up as, just the reasons why that outcome had occurred. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 11:02 am Anybody wants to try to keep touch with what all this sh!t “we” talk about in grand geopolitical terms actually means, day to day, for ordinary people and their infrastructure and all, here’s a reminder: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4anJQozzDLk&ytbChannel=slippybits And of course the sidebar to that link will take you into the entire insane mess that “our” government and military and the thing we cannot refer to as the “deep state” or whatever are birthing and fostering. Look at all those pretty Grad rockets, fresh from their ammo crates, the ceremony of threading in the fuses, the random whoosh-BANG of unguided ballistic artillery rockets from their launchers, the mumbled or shouted invocation of the Deity which emits with “victory” or with the death of a comrade (in whateveer today’s alignment of “gunman” groups happens to be. “Capture the flag(s)” for man-children… Reply ↓ George Lane May 6, 2017 at 5:37 pm Thanks for sharing. Syriangirlpartisan recently posted a video of the aftermath of Syrian rebel forces bombing a truck full of civilians. This is the kind of extremely uncomfortable reality we should all be seeing, although even these images don’t really affect us too much, since they are still through a screen and thus not real for us in a certain sense. Still, better than nothing. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 11:09 am This Problem Isn’t Going Away: Heartless Police Shootings of Unarmed Black Americans Continue Into the Trump Era Alternet. The Dems domesticating Black Lives Matter was no accident. https://www.theatlantic.com/news/archive/2017/05/dallas-officer-charged-with-killing-jordan-edwards/525723/ The Dallas County District Attorney’s Office has issued an arrest warrant for Roy Oliver, the police officer who fatally shot Jordan Edwards, a 15-year-old high school student, on April 29. Late Saturday night, Oliver and his fellow officers responded to a report of underage drinking at a house party in Balch Springs, Texas. When the officers detected a black Chevy Impala driving away from the party, they ordered the driver to stop, but the driver ignored. Footage from the officers’ body cams showed Oliver, who had earlier gone to his car to retrieve his patrol rifle, firing at Edwards’s vehicle as it was leaving the scene. Balch Springs Police Chief Jonathan Haber originally misspoke when reporting the event, saying Oliver shot at the car as it was reversing toward him. Haber later amended his statement to clarify that the car was driving away from Oliver and his fellow officers. At the time he was shot, Edwards was seated in the front passenger seat of the car. His brothers and two friends were also present, but suffered no injuries. None of the passengers in the car were armed. =================================================================== I bring up Dallas cause is demonstrates a point I have read on a number of occasions. A lot of reform, particularly police reform, is a local matter. Dallas has elected black prosecutors, and undoubtedly that has entailed the only effective and real deterrent to police misconduct – a willingness to prosecute. Now, I also believe in Federal enforcement of civil rights laws to constrain the police…but there is the problem of Barrack Obama and Eric Holder…. https://newsone.com/1834865/craig-watkins-district-attorney-frees-innocent/ Reply ↓ Altandmain May 6, 2017 at 11:50 am What’s the point of these cameras if the police can tamper with the evidence? Reply ↓ Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 4:47 pm Why do you think the pba and fop aren’t crying that hard about them? The point is optics, aka the better pr panacea. Reply ↓ dennison p nyberg May 6, 2017 at 11:20 am When all else fails you can still red-bait: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/04/nyregion/a-principal-is-accused-of-being-a-communist-rattling-a-brooklyn-school.html?smid=fb-share http://nymag.com/news/features/park-slope-collegiate-integration-2014-4/ Reply ↓ Jonathan Holland Becnel May 6, 2017 at 1:41 pm The progressive labor party needs to occupy the NY Ed Admin Offices. SHUT THAT SHIT DOWN. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 6, 2017 at 2:20 pm And even if she were a communist, so what? Last I checked it wasn’t illegal. But Great Turtle forbid that anyone espouse a political system that encourages sharing. The horror…. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 11:30 am http://www.milkenreview.org/articles/the-rigged-labor-market More than two centuries ago, Adam Smith, now widely regarded as a cheerleader for free market capitalism, raged that the market for labor was rigged. He argued that self-interested employers manipulated the labor market to drive workers’ wages below their competitive level. Smith warned that employers “are always and everywhere in a sort of tacit, but constant and uniform combination, not to raise the wages of labor above their actual rate.” And he ridiculed naysayers who denied that employers colluded to press their advantage against workers “as ignorant of the world as of the subject.” He further noted that “we seldom, indeed, hear of this combination, because it is the usual, and one may say, the natural state of things, which nobody ever hears of.” …… Much research in labor economics over the past quarter century has confirmed Adam Smith’s fear that employers routinely use anticompetitive practices to reduce pay and curtail worker mobility. ….. Adam Smith could not possibly have anticipated Buzz Lightyear, Nemo or Dory, but the animated movie industry provides concrete evidence of the conspiracy that he warned about. In early 2017, the Walt Disney Company and its subsidiaries Pixar, Lucasfilm and ImageMovers, became the last of the major film companies to reach a settlement in an antitrust suit brought on behalf of movie animators. Along with Sony, Blue Sky and DreamWorks, they agreed to pay $169 million to settle charges that they conspired to suppress compensation by agreeing not to solicit each other’s employees, to take special procedures when contacted by each other’s employees, and to coordinate compensation policies through direct, collusive communications. The evidence against the film studios, captured in emails, internal documents and sworn testimony, suggests that it was business as usual to conspire to avoid bidding away employees from competitors and to coordinate on pay setting to keep a lid on compensation costs. The conspiracy apparently began with a “gentleman’s agreement” between Pixar and Lucasfilm to avoid bidding wars over employees. George Lucas testified that, as a matter of policy, Lucasfilm “would not actively go out and recruit from other companies.” Emails from Lucasfilm human resources personnel indicate that the company even withdrew job offers to Pixar employees whom Pixar deemed “essential.” ====================================================== When you’ve lost the Milken institute, it just shows if your a wage earner, your really, really, REALLY F*cked….. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 8:16 pm The bastards! I hear this phenomenon is also prevalent in Silicon Valley too. Reply ↓ dcblogger May 6, 2017 at 11:32 am The Democratic Party Is a Ghost I’ve said before that the Democratic Party isn’t really a political party at all, but rather something closer to a think tank — a kind of failed academic enterprise whose principal output is dubious research written in the style of a press release and the occasional bemusing and ineffectual appearance on cable news. https://jacobinmag.com/2017/05/affordable-care-act-repeal-democrats-singing Reply ↓ kimsarah May 7, 2017 at 1:56 am Instead of doing an honest self-assessment, the party is doomed to keep repeating its failures. They may never get through all the stages of grief. Blame everyone else. They lie, they deceive, yet they expect you to continue to believe. Oh what a tangled web they weave. Have you noticed, they never have enough money? “Help us reach our goal — the Republicans are out-raising us and outspending us. We have to fight the evil Trump agenda.” Honestly, they are more irrelevant and pathetic today than ever. There is so much rot, there is no hope of fixing the party. They self-destroyed even faster than the Republicans, which I didn’t think was possible. Reply ↓ a different chris May 6, 2017 at 11:37 am Wow, the world is so f’d: Sneaker culture is shaped by substance as much as flash. Flight Club, for instance, prominently features sneakers linked to long-retired stars like Scottie Pippen, Patrick Ewing and Jordan not merely because those shoes are aesthetically pleasing, but because they are connected to incredible basketball talents. Substance? You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means. I am weirdly rooting for the Ball family, actually. At least they can play “ball” at a very high level, unlike the whiter-than-sheets people who run Nike and etc. It’s the honesty of a $495 sneaker that costs $10 to make vs. the $175 of the one that costs $8 to make*. They are so expensive the kids can’t afford them. The $175 are priced to be just in reach. But maybe that might, probably not, but might make the kids think twice about why they are even buying the $175 pairs. *numbers made up, but bet they aren’t that far off Reply ↓ Sue May 6, 2017 at 9:11 pm The manipulative power of advertisement and the false science of sociological terms like “role model”… Kid, get yourself $495 sneakers and never give up, like Michael Jordan never did, and you will be like Mike. There is more to this simple statement than what appears to be. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 6, 2017 at 11:43 am It looks like Nina Turner is also criticizing Obama: http://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/331676-obamas-wall-street-payday-triggers-dem-angst They are now closing public schools in Puerto Rico because of the bankruptcy: http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/Puerto-Rico-to-Close-184-Public-Schools-Amid-Crisis-20170505-0016.html?utm_content=buffer28da6&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer Reply ↓ oho May 6, 2017 at 12:07 pm re. aspirin ive been feeding my dog a bit of baby aspirin and taking the rest for years. in this highly unscientific experiment of 1, dog is 14 and going strong. dont try this at home— unless you want to. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 12:10 pm http://aheadoftheherd.com/Newsletter/2017/Earth-Overshoot-Day.htm Long story short – the fact that Malthus was once wrong doesn’t mean he is always wrong. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 12:22 pm Some real political cartoons. Faster and more fun than our “real” news. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/opinion/news-through-the-eyes-of-cartoonists/ss-BBxqeB7?ocid=spartandhp#image=91 Reply ↓ perpetualWAR May 6, 2017 at 12:25 pm The Credit Slips article was misleading. I was certain that was going to be about the President Obama museum. Reply ↓ OIFVet May 6, 2017 at 2:01 pm Did anyone see the library model that he unveiled? The thing is both big and hideous. Speaking as a neighbor, it does not fit with its immediate surroundings, and it will despoil Olmsted’s beautiful Jackson Park. It is already bad enough that Tiger Woods will drop a golf course in there, and Yoko Ono will contribute a hideous bandstage, now we have Obama’s vanity getting fed at the expense of a beautiful public space. And the supreme irony of all: the first black president’s ego will help gentrify Woodlawn and push a lot of low income blacks out of their own neighborhood. Reply ↓ perpetualWAR May 6, 2017 at 3:29 pm Ironic still: more black generational wealth lost under 1st black uncle tom president. Reply ↓ John Wright May 6, 2017 at 10:49 pm Obama should consider allocating a small wing in his museum/library to house the Museum of Political Corruption. It is apparently quite real, hosting roundtable discussions but is not open as a museum It has featured Zephyr Teachout. http://www.museumofpoliticalcorruption.org/ It is expecting to open for visitors in 2019, which might work fine with Obama’s museum’s schedule. Adult Bribe $12.50 Chidren’s Bribes $6.50 Corrupt politicians get in for free.. **************** Obama might be fearful of approaching the admissions desk and having them wave him in. Reply ↓ JTFaraday May 7, 2017 at 1:33 pm “Speaking as a neighbor, it does not fit with its immediate surroundings” I hate it when they do that, Reply ↓ John B. May 6, 2017 at 12:55 pm Re: E-mail scammers. I recently learned who falls for transparently fake Nigerian scams. A relative has dementia — not enough to get her involuntarily treated, yet, but she’s tempted by frauds a sane person would see through in a moment. In fact, the scammers have an incentive to make them obvious — anyone who does respond must be highly vulnerable. One neglected problem with replacing pensions with 401(k) type plans is that it is much easier to strip a crazed individual of their retirement savings than of their pension. A large portion of the population will lose mental capacity to control their spending at some point in their lives — dementia, hoarding, bipolar disorder, compulsive gambling, certain addictions. Combine it with credit and investment industries eager to help them part with their money, and it’s a big part of the economy. Another way economists’ model of rational consumers makes no sense. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 1:09 pm Sorry to hear that your relative got taken. There’s quite a bit of press and research on the subject e.g. this. It boils down to the high cost to the scammer of false positives – people who respond but don’t ultimately pay. So it’s optimal for them to make the scam so obvious that anyone who might recognise its illegitimacy is weeded out straight away. “Anybody who doesn’t fall off their chair laughing is exactly who they want to talk to.” Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 1:30 pm Maybe 401k should be converted to annuity, though have to pay withdrawal tax. Reply ↓ Nax May 6, 2017 at 4:21 pm After my Dad had a stroke he started accepting scams. He got on list after list, and was getting around a hundred items of mail a day at one point. They drained his bank account, sending him into negative territory and the bank landed him with huge penalty fees but kept cashing his checks until he was thousands in debt. He was directly defrauded of thousands (send us a check for $xxxx and we will send you your enormous winnings) but most of it went it sweep stake entry fees, magazine subscriptions, book clubs and bank fees. Fortunately he had a good pension, my Mum was able to take over the finances once we realized what was going on and I helped out a bit. It was clear that not only were they targeting the mentally impaired but there was a business built around distributing the contact information of ‘marks’. Reply ↓ gf May 6, 2017 at 1:15 pm Is Trumpcare a problem for rape cases? https://twitter.com/KillerMartinis/status/860302472404979712 Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 1:25 pm Aspirin May Prevent Cancer from Spreading, New Research Shows Scientific American For those allergic to aspirin, what options do they have? Reply ↓ Vatch May 6, 2017 at 7:46 pm Green tea is a possibility: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3142888/ Other possibilities are sulforaphane from broccoli; lycopene from tomatoes, pink grapefruit, and other fruits; curcumin from turmeric; resveratrol and pterostilbene from grapes, blueberries, and pomegranates; quercetin from onions; and other nutrients from various foods: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2515569/ Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 8:31 pm The neoliberal one, of course: ” Just die.” Reply ↓ Marina Bart May 6, 2017 at 8:44 pm There’s some evidence that marijuana does something positive with cancer. I can’t remember whether it slows replication or what the mechanism is. And as with all research or evidence about pot, it probably can’t be treated as dispositive without a lot more investigation. Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton May 7, 2017 at 11:38 pm I wonder if willow bark also has this potential, and whether even those who are allergic to aspirin might be able to use it, since its effects are based on maintaining a blood level rather than the concentration of the active ingredient. Reply ↓ Katharine May 6, 2017 at 1:44 pm Our fine conscientious representatives at work on health care (Chris Collins of New York, who looks like a deer in the headlights): But not reading bills can have serious consequences. Later on Thursday, Collins admitted that he didn’t know the AHCA will cost New York $3 billion in federal funds — money that’s used to insure 19,000 of his constituents. From The Buffalo News: Told by a Buffalo News reporter that the state’s largest loss of federal funds under the bill would be $3 billion annually that goes to the state’s Essential Health Plan, Collins said: “Explain that to me.” http://readersupportednews.org/news-section2/318-66/43406-house-republican-didnt-know-the-health-care-bill-he-voted-for-could-cost-his-state-3-billion His staff subsequently accused the nasty newspaper of twisting his words to make him look bad. Perhaps he should confine himself to yes and no. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 1:44 pm Museum of Failure. In the same way, a Museum of Not-Doing is long overdue. The idea can be illustrated thusly: Saving a life = Not taking a life. That is, for example, we can say, getting a drowning cat out of water = not shooting a cat. For another example, meditate on this: Not inventing the atomic is like, or equivalent to, finding the cure for cancer. For millennia, we have focused on the doing something part and on the people doing those things. We’ve made them famous. It’s out of balance in the sense that we have ignored those who could have invented the atomic bomb, but refrained from doing that, or those who could have built great military, political or financial empires, but chose not to. We don’t even know who they were or are. But no more. “This year’s award goes to Yama Bum, who could have gone to Berkeley, but declined.” The Hall of Fame, or Museum, of Not Doing. Reply ↓ perpetualWAR May 6, 2017 at 1:58 pm Obama’s Museum could be the first to elevate this concept. “I could have prosecuted the bankers, but didn’t.” Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 2:34 pm Quite a triple crown winner, but it belongs to 2 museums, the museum of not doing, and the museum of failure. That’s regrettable, for his work could have been such, that it would have been in the museum of not doing, and the museum of success, had he chosen a different path. Reply ↓ perpetualWAR May 6, 2017 at 3:31 pm Another Obama I coulda: “I coulda stopped the 14 million unlawful foreclosures, but didn’t.” Reply ↓ Elejefe145 May 6, 2017 at 2:41 pm The fake invoice scam can be more sophisticated than the Nigerian scams. We have seen a few at our medium sized company where the President appears to approve a request from the CFO and forwards the email chain to the Treasurer. Names are correct, but they don’t know our internal controls. Better effort, same result. Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 2:45 pm Listened to the draft Bernie guy, seemed at least hopeful. Signed petition, sent info to family. Draftbernie.org Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 2:59 pm Juncker (in French): English losing importance. I think they need one unifying language in Europe. Makes monetary union easier. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 3:03 pm Kagawa Prefecture and Niigata Prefecture have the most famous “straw art festivals,” which are large straw sculpture displays. Traditionally, straw was used to thatch roofs. In much the same manner, these straw sculptures are thatched around wooden frames. But instead of roofs, enormous dinosaurs, bugs, and much, much more are created. Did anyone make a straw man, and could still win village arguments later? Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm May 6, 2017 at 7:00 pm Don’t they make something like a strawman in some of the out-lying areas of the British Isles? I think there was a movie or two about that. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 10:22 pm You mean the Wicker Man, the one they burn? Supposedly the Druids burned it with people in it – not so sure about that. Reply ↓ Karl Kolchak May 6, 2017 at 3:20 pm “State Department Promotes Ivanka Trump’s Book In Another Ethics Blunder” Not surprising. I worked at DOS for 22 years, and their are no more grovelling rear end kissers in all the federal government than foreign service officers. It would be quite funny to see the faces of those career appointees responsible when they realize this blunder is going to hurt rather than help their promotion chances. Reply ↓ LifeIsLikeABeanstalk May 6, 2017 at 5:23 pm TRUMPS NEW OPIOID STRATEGY: http://www.politico.com/story/2017/05/05/donald-trump-opioids-drug-control-funding-reaction-238047 But think of all the $$ it will generate for the owners of privatized prisons. With Jeff Sessions as head concierge. Reply ↓ Vatch May 6, 2017 at 8:15 pm Wouldn’t it be simpler for the government to just prosecute a few of the Opioid Lords at Purdue Pharma? Oh, wait, Purdue is owned by the Sacklers, and they’re very rich. Silly me. Never mind. Reply ↓ Aumua May 6, 2017 at 10:04 pm Yeah well I didn’t get my heroin from Purdue when I was doing it. And honestly f*** the war on on drugs, too, which is basically what this Office of National Drug Control Policy represents. But of course since it’s Trump he’s “slashing funding for fighting the opioid epidemic.” or whatever. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 6:24 pm ” Atheists Sue President Trump Over His ‘Religious Liberty’ Executive Order” Any lawyers have a take on this case? Unfortunately, it sounded very thin and speculative to me, but what do I know? Reply ↓ marym May 6, 2017 at 7:29 pm Not about this case but here’s the ACLU’s statement on why it’s not suing at this time. https://www.aclu.org/news/aclu-statement-so-called-religious-freedom-executive-order Reply ↓ Vatch May 6, 2017 at 8:12 pm I’m not a lawyer, but this paragraph from the article implies that the FFRF (the plaintiffs), would be satisfied with a very limited victory: “If Trump’s lawyers want to march into that courtroom and tell the world and President Trump that this order doesn’t do anything, we would consider that a win,” Seidel said. “But given his statements and the very clear message he communicated to churches, we don’t think that’s what’s going to happen.” Reply ↓ skippy May 6, 2017 at 7:03 pm The FY 2018 Congressional Progressive Caucus Alternative Budget, The People’s Budget: A Roadmap for the Resistance tackles systemic issues with comprehensive solutions, from the impact of climate change on rural communities and communities of color, to implementing criminal justice reforms, to repairing and replacing outdated infrastructure to create millions of sustainable, good paying jobs all over the country. Among many important provisions to improve our nation, the People’s Budget will: Invest $2 trillion in America’s infrastructure to transition to a 21st Century economy and transform our energy, water and transportation systems Expand our commitment to efficient renewable energy and green jobs, including job assistance and training for those transitioning from fossil fuel to clean energy jobs Invest $100 billion to increase affordable access to reliable, high-speed internet Protect and expand affordable healthcare for millions of Americans, including support for states to transition to a single-payer healthcare system and provisions to lower prescription drug prices Create and promote a fair tax system that benefits working families by ending tax loopholes, corporate giveaways and tax breaks for billionaires and Wall Street and ensuring that billionaires and Wall Street pay their fair share of taxes End corporate tax breaks for offshoring American jobs and profits Tax Wall Street to fund Main Street Expand the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Care Credit Ensure fair elections by increasing funding for voter protection and legal assistance programs and strengthening key election integrity reforms Advance criminal justice reform and promote safety of American communities by developing community oriented policing reforms, increasing funding to address hate crimes, and promoting policies and initiatives to significantly reduce gun violence Curb special interest and dark money influence in politics by ensuring public financing of campaigns Expand affordable housing for low-income Americans by increasing Community Development Block Grants and HOME funds to cities, allocating $32 billion for Public Housing repairs, ensuring 100% of operating needs for Public Housing, adding 400,000 new Section 8 Vouchers and fully funding the End Homelessness Act Reduce military spending by eliminating unneeded weapons and reducing rather than increasing the US nuclear arsenal, to fully fund badly needed social programs rather than the profit margins of giant military contractors http://www.demos.org/publication/people%E2%80%99s-budget-roadmap-resistance Reply ↓ skippy May 6, 2017 at 7:59 pm “Sanders was the convener and first CPC Chairman. Bill Goold served as Staff Coordinator for the Progressive Caucus in its early years until 1998. The founding CPC members were concerned about the economic hardship imposed by the deepening recession, and the growing inequality brought about by the timidity of the Democratic Party response in the early 1990s. On January 3, 1995 at a standing room only news conference on Capitol Hill, they were the first group inside Congress to chart a detailed, comprehensive legislative alternative to U.S. Speaker Newt Gingrich and the Republican Contract with America, which they termed “the most regressive tax proposals and reactionary social legislation the Congress had before it in 70 years.” The CPC’s ambitious agenda was framed as “The Progressive Promise: Fairness.” Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 10:18 pm So it was a response to being out of power. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 8:10 pm No comment from the disheveled marsupial? Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry May 6, 2017 at 7:13 pm From the left field bleachers: http://fontmap.ideo.com A cool map where you can explore and compare fonts. Reply ↓ ewmayer May 6, 2017 at 8:09 pm o “Gender inequality is holding back US economy, Yellen warns | Financial Times” — Ah, so it’s not government-abetted rampant wealth inequality and elite looting which have made it impossible to maintain a decent middle-class lifestyle on a single worker’s salary irrespective-of-gender … it’s sexism, IdPol-style. Good to know! [Which is not say that gender inequality ain’t a problem, but I find the “IdPol über Alles” politics-of-distraction-from-the-elephant-in-the-room-issues ploys of so many of our Dear Leaders to be rather telling at this point.] Reply ↓ Dr. Roberts May 6, 2017 at 8:30 pm I “Deleted” my Facebook back in 2013 and then decided to get back on Facebook about a year later. All of my previous information was still there. Pictures, messages, everything. Nothing was ever actually deleted. I chose the “Delete” option, not the “Deactivate” option, and I took every step short of sending them a written letter to delete my account. So no, you can’t actually delete your Facebook account, even if you “Delete” it. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 8:45 pm It’s a straw MAMMOTH! Reply ↓ B1whois May 6, 2017 at 9:27 pm Last month I returned from a month in Northern California to my almost-new-home of Uruguay. I got off the plane in the early afternoon and I was amazed to see a difference to the quality of light that I have never seen before. Buildings looked like they were glowing and my it was so intense that my eyes actually watered for the first few days. I seem to have adjusted now but I am interested to know if anyone has had a similar observation in another place or has any theories about it. If this phenomenon is unique or especially enhanced in this region then my theory is that it is related to the hole in the ozone over Uruguay, OR the South Atlantic Anomaly https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Atlantic_Anomaly The SAA is associated with a weakened area of the earth’s magnetic field which “leads to an increased flux of energetic particles in this region,” according to the article. Do any of these things sound like they could affect the visual perception of illumination/brilliance of sunlight? Thanks in advance for any comments, as I am greatly intrigued by this mystery! Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 10:14 pm It might have a lot to do with all that time on the airplane. How long does the trip take? Or maybe it’s your relief at being away from the US. We’ve considered moving to Uruguay; keep us informed of your experience. Reply ↓ Elizabeth Burton May 7, 2017 at 11:41 pm Short answer to why people need Facebook: I live in Texas, I can no longer travel because of a disability, I hate talking on the phone, and all my kids and grandkids are in Pennsylvania. As I don’t get out and about much even at home, Facebook is my version of a get-together with like-minded people, it’s a good place to promote my publishing company without a huge amount of payout, and I get to exercise my writing skills. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Temporarily Sane on Andrew Bacevich: What Obsessing About Trump Causes Us To MissIt's great to see people from across the... gepay on Compassionate Capitalism in the Middle Ages: Profit and Philanthropy in Medieval Cambridgenot an expert on English history I went... different clue on Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin Signs Law Imposing Hefty Fines and Lengthy Jail Terms for Anti-Pipeline ProtestsWho can say? Different people will try different... different clue on Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin Signs Law Imposing Hefty Fines and Lengthy Jail Terms for Anti-Pipeline ProtestsAlso, I wonder, how much NatGas does Greater... MoiAussie on Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin Signs Law Imposing Hefty Fines and Lengthy Jail Terms for Anti-Pipeline ProtestsBeating them in the legislatures or the courts... Topics Africa (20) Australia (129) Auto industry (95) Banana republic (3,048) Banking industry (4,657) Brexit (53) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (571) Commodities (459) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,631) Curiousities (273) Currencies (908) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,484) Dubious statistics (584) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,786) Energy markets (510) Environment (460) Europe (627) Federal Reserve (1,269) Free markets and their discontents (1,435) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (331) Globalization (1,108) Guest Post (6,588) Health care (396) Hedge funds (418) Income disparity (981) India (18) Infrastructure (80) Investment banks (745) Investment management (503) Investment outlook (854) Japan (204) Legal (1,909) Links (3,075) Macroeconomic policy (979) Market inefficiencies (231) Media appearances (74) Media watch (875) Middle East (149) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (292) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,073) Private equity (517) Privatization (70) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,605) Ridiculously obvious scams (458) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (240) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,028) Social values (1,799) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (387) Technology and innovation (463) The destruction of the middle class (1,369) The dismal science (1,467) TPP (84) UK (120) Water Cooler (668) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Speaking of Dividends Costco’s Special Payout Comes With Trade-Offs The chain keeps its regular dividends low, but supplements them with special payouts. By Lawrence C. Strauss Biography May 6, 2017 12:32 a.m. ET Costco Wholesale recently announced a special dividend of $7 a share. The payout marks a continuation of what has been an unusual approach to... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Best ETFs for Income Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Amazon’s Next Move Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Insuring Against a Market Crash Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Tesla Could Lose the Love; Ford, GM Might Gain It Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Buzz: Amazon Stock at 20: Now What? 2 The Future is Almost Here 3 Tesla Makes It Easier to Get Service Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 08, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Auto maintenance put couple on road to bliss By Kimberly Dishongh This article was published May 7, 2017 at 2:11 a.m. PHOTO BY SKYTOUCHE PHOTOS Anthony and Cassondra-Williams Stokes met in the waiting room of a car repair shop. As she got a tire fixed, he was revving up his engine. Comments aAFont Size The first time I saw my future spouse: He says: “She was absolutely gorgeous — breathtaking — and I was dumbfounded.” She says: “He is absolutely handsome. That was my thought, but I tried to keep that down.” On our wedding day: He says: “I was absolutely, positively as nervous as all get-out when the preacher asked me to say the vows. I didn’t want to mess up the words. I got them all out. I didn’t stutter.” She says: “Our first dance and cutting our cake … I just remember all those most important first things. When we took sunset pictures down by the river at Maumelle Park and our photographer said, ‘I don’t think I’ve ever seen a sunset this beautiful,’ and it absolutely was. The day was absolutely perfect.” The best marriage advice we’ve gotten is: He says: “Put God first, above everything. You have to be able to compromise. And you have to look at the other person’s point of view before you blurt out the answer. Communication is key.” She says: “You really have to be friends. And you have to communicate. I think that’s a big part of it, too.” Cassondra Williams almost went straight home after work one stormy night in 2000, but she opted to take the exit to Wal-Mart on Baseline Road in Little Rock at the last minute. She was tired from a long day but needed to get a tire repaired. "I thought no one else would be there because the weather was so bad and that I could get it done quickly," she says. "I really don't like waiting." She was right -- the waiting room was almost empty. There was one other person there, though -- Anthony Stokes. Anthony also decided to stop by on the spur of the moment -- for an oil change. "I just drove by and my light was on so I just stopped. It was fate," Anthony says. He was wowed. He asked her name, and she answered, "Miss Williams." But he was so struck by her looks that he momentarily forgot whether the "Miss" before her surname meant she was married or single. It was just a few days after Valentine's Day, so he opted to find out about her relationship status by asking what her husband gave her. "She said, 'My name is Miss Williams. I don't have a husband,'" he says. Their wait was short, just as Cassondra had hoped, although truth be told, she didn't really mind spending the duration of it next to this good-looking guy wearing a nice pair of slacks and an argyle sweater vest over a button down shirt. They made small talk and before they left connected on Facebook to keep in touch. They followed each other, as Facebook friends do, for more than a year before Anthony invited Cassondra to a birthday bash for his brother and a friend, who were born in the same month. "It was a big party," Cassondra says. "There were a lot of people there. We had barbecue and catfish, and we had a lot of fun." She and Anthony dated for the next 5 years, both of them busy with work and Cassondra also busy working on her doctorate. "I wasn't in a hurry to jump into a relationship," says Cassondra, who was also rearing two daughters from a previous relationship. "We just dated and enjoyed each other's company during that time." For Anthony, the time span allowed for contemplation. "I just had to make sure she was the right person," he says. On New Year's Eve 2015, he and Cassondra had dinner together, and he drove her home afterward, per usual. "We got to her house and she said, 'Look at all these cars! Someone is really throwing a party!' I said, 'Yeah, someone is really throwing a party!'" Anthony says. Unbeknownst to Cassondra, Anthony had orchestrated the party, and they were the guests of honor. "We got inside, and everybody was in the house, and she was kind of upset," he says. "She said, 'What is going on? I didn't invite all these people over to my house.' And I got on my knee and I proposed to her." They were married on Sept. 10, 2016, at Greater Archview Baptist Church in Little Rock, and had a reception on the banks of the Arkansas River at Maumelle Park. The next day, they left for a honeymoon in Montego Bay, Jamaica. Anthony credits Cassondra, deputy director of the division of Services for the Blind at the Department of Human Services, with "developing my character." He got a job promotion after they started dating, became a Christian and has recently started a new career in auto sales at Steve Landers Kia. "She's very business-minded and educated and smart," he says. "It was because of her that I made the decision to become a better person, a better man and lead my family." Cassondra insists Anthony has made her a better person as well. "I think we kind of feed off of each other," she says. "He has always supported me going to school and reaching my goals, and I try to do that same thing for him." If you have an interesting how-we-met story or if you know someone who does, please call (501) 425-7228 or email kdishongh@sbcglobal.net High Profile on 05/07/2017 Print Headline: Auto maintenance put couple on road to bliss Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News Jane Perkinson Wayland Quapaw Quarter area fan a natural to coordina... Cocktails and culture Auto maintenance put couple on road to bliss DEAR ABBY: Mama's boy not best choice for ind... Food for thought Vertical stripes, dark colors help the heavy ... Social calendar Children's Hospital honors its own at awards ... Comments on: Auto maintenance put couple on road to bliss To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Irritation at Arkansas judges stirs talk of change (22 comments) Church-politics order divides pastors (14 comments) Lodging tax goes to North Little Rock council (10 comments) Laughing matters aren't alway funny (9 comments) Little Rock school updates at stake in tax election (9 comments) Man, girlfriend arrested in fatal stabbing of remodeling worker in Little Rock, police say (34 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Sports Business Education Entertainment Life Opinion Weather More Obituaries Classifieds Calendar Real Estate Jobs Shopping NIE Public Notices Contact Us Advertise DRC Digital Media Special Sections View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest Denton news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DentonRC.com! Search the Denton Record-Chronicle Submit Search News Calendar Blotter Insight Denton Nation And World State Texas Legislature Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram All Topics Home News Argyle Aubrey Bartonville Blotter Calendar Cooke County Copper Canyon Corinth Cropped Out Cross Roads Denton Denton County Denton Enterprise Airport Denton Municipal Electric Dish Double Oak Environmental issues Flower Mound Grapevine Lake Hickory Creek Insight Denton Krugerville Krum Lake Dallas Lantana Lewisville Lewisville Lake Nation And World News Gathering Nonprofits Oak Point Oil and gas Photos Pilot Point Politics Ponder Providence Village Ray Roberts Lake Sanger Shady Shores State Texas Legislature The Watchdog Weather Wise County Yesteryear Sports AP Argyle Eagles Aubrey Chaparrals Braswell Bengals Calvary Academy Lions Colleges Dallas Cowboys Dallas Mavericks Dallas Stars Denton Broncos Guyer Wildcats High Schools Krum Bobcats Lake Dallas Falcons Liberty Christian Warriors Mean Green Motor sports Other Sports Outdoors Pilot Point Bearcats Ponder Lions Ryan Raiders Sanger Indians Sports AP Headlines TWU Pioneers Texas Rangers The Masters Your Team Entertainment Best of Denton 2017 Denton Dammit Denton Time Movies Music Theater Education Argyle High School Aubrey High School Aubrey ISD Braswell High School Denton Calvary Academy Denton High School Denton ISD Guyer High School Higher Education Immaculate Conception Catholic School Krum High School Krum ISD Lake Dallas High School Lake Dallas ISD Liberty Christian High School North Central Texas College Pilot Point High School Pilot Point ISD Ponder High School Ponder ISD Ryan High School Sanger High School Sanger ISD Selwyn College Preparatory School Texas Woman's University University of North Texas Business Business Chronicle Life AgriLife Extension Anniversaries Engagements Garden Health Native Roots Pools Religion The Place is Argyle Weddings Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Close Close Jeff Woo/DRC Blotter: Man gets bad check for Wal-Mart gift cards Filed under Blotter at 5 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Harrison Long Connect with Harrison Long On Twitter Email Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like The Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page After discovering a check he had received was fraudulent, a 41-year-old Spring man called police from his bank at the 600 block of West University Drive in Denton.  He informed police that he had been contacted by a fake company offering him a check worth $2,000 if he purchased $1,400 worth of Wal-Mart gift cards and provided the numbers to them. He purchased the gift cards and gave the numbers to those who contacted him.  Though he did receive a check, he was informed by Wells Fargo upon arriving that it was fraudulent and the company fake.  Other reports 600 block of South Mayhill Road —  On Saturday about 11:15 a.m. an individual who had his car towed managed to slip out of Texas Impound Services without paying for the return of his vehicle. According to the employees, the individual took control of his impounded vehicle and left the lot without paying the fee. They contacted police to report a theft of service.  1600 East McKinney Street —  A saddle was stolen from a pickup between 11:30 p.m. Friday night and 10 a.m. Saturday morning. The caller had left it in the bed of his truck overnight and found out that it was gone the next day. The dark brown Lance brand saddle is estimated to be worth about $1,500. Roundup From 7 a.m. Saturday to 7 a.m. Sunday Denton Police filed 14 reports online.  — Harrison Long  Comments Tags Blotter Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with The Denton Record-Chronicle on Facebook. Denton Record-Chronicle @dentonrc Like Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Taking you back to News More about the Denton Record-Chronicle Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Denton News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2017, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Local Company Donates Animal Oxygen Masks - WBOY - Clarksburg, Morgantown: News, Sports, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Crime & Courts Accidents & Fires Business & Economy Special Reports Monongalia County and Preston County Central Weather Your Weather Outlook 7-Day Forecast Snowbird Central & School Closings Snowbird & Myron's Weather Adventure in 360 Degrees Warnings Map Live Doppler Radar Predictor Local Temperatures Sports High School Scores High School Sports Honda Athlete of the Week National Sports West Virginia Illustrated Community Relay For Life Central Buckle Your Baby For Life Community Calendar "Celebrating Volunteers" Brought to You by The Miley Legal Group 12 News at Noon Interviews North Central WV Boil Water Advisories Video Contests Dream Kitchen Makeover Mom and Me Photo Contest What's On The Daily J! About Us Work With Us Download Our Apps Tactive Digital WBOY Alumni Meet the Team EEO and Public Reports FCC Public Inspection File Local Company Donates Animal Oxygen Masks Posted: Sunday, May 7, 2017 4:35 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 7, 2017 8:00 PM EDT By Paige Hopkins Email Connect phopkins@wboy.com KINGWOOD - Pets are treated just like family members in many households, which is why local emergency responders have tools to save your furry friends during fires. The 'Touch a Truck' event held outside the Kingwood Walmart allowed Invisible Fence Brand of West Virginia to partner with the Preston County Animal Shelter and local fire squads. During the event, Invisible Fence Brand donated 17 animal oxygen masks and put on a demonstration. Anita Burns, shelter volunteer, said the oxygen masks have already proven to be effective. "The fire department has used oxygen masks once or twice last year and the people were forever grateful that the pets were saved. We like to give it to all fire departments," Burns said. The Preston County animal shelter also brought multiple dogs available for adoption to the event.  Clarksburg Studio 904 West Pike Street Clarksburg, WV 26301 Main (304) 623-3311 Fax (304) 624-6152(Clarksburg) Fax (304) 225-2522(Morgantown) Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WBOY Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,399.29 +9.77 (+0.41%) Dow 30 21,006.94 +55.47 (+0.26%) Nasdaq 6,100.76 +25.42 (+0.42%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting The fear of running out of money in retirement is overblown Sam Dogen, Financial Samurai Sam Dogen, Financial Samurai Yahoo Finance May 7, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share This article originally appeared on The Financial Samurai in August 2016. One of my biggest concerns about early retirement was running out of money. What if there was another massive correction in the stock market? What if my rental properties went vacant for an extended period of time? What if Financial Samurai died? What if I accrued unexpected medical expenses? What if I underestimated how much I needed to be happy? Such worrisome thoughts can paralyze even the best of us. Whether you decide to retire in your 60s or in your 30s, I’m here to say the fear of running out of money in retirement is overblown. Journalists and government officials, most of whom have never retired, have fear mongered the general population long enough! Through firsthand experience, let me explain why your retirement life will probably be just fine. MAKING YOUR MONEY LAST IN RETIREMENT 1) You will need less than you think. I’ve been out of the workforce since early 2012, and my biggest surprise has been how much less I need to live a comfortable retirement life. Like any good retiree, we plan for multiple scenarios over an extended period of time before making a decision. I spoke with at least two dozen retirees about retirement spending and they all said they are spending much less than they anticipated. For myself, on average I’m spending 30% less than projected. It costs nothing to play tennis at a public park. There are plenty of cheaper food alternatives once you no longer have to work in an expensive downturn area. You can read all the latest magazines at your local library, surf the web, and enrich your mind with classic literature for free. In fact if you look, you’ll find a plethora of free activities. 2) You don’t need to save for retirement once you are retired. What many retirees “forget” is that once they reach retirement, they no longer need to save for retirement. It’s not so much forgetting, but being so accustomed to saving that you just can’t stop! If you’ve spent a lifetime maxing out your 401k, you’ve suddenly got $18,000 a year more in gross disposable income. For the life of me, I cannot stop trying to save at least 50% of my after-tax income, while also contributing as much as possible to my Solo 401k even though I’m supposed to live it up more in retirement. I tried blowing money on mid-life crisis cars this year, but both my low-ball offers were rejected. I tried spending more while I was in Europe for three weeks, but couldn’t stomach paying more than $250/night after taxes and fees for a hotel. I still can’t convince my dad to get cable. Old habits die hard! 3) You will adapt to different income levels. For the first two years after I left my job, my annual income decreased by 70% – 80%. Yet looking back, there were minimal lifestyle changes. I still lived in the same house that I had been living in for seven years prior. Refinancing my mortgage before leaving helped. I still stayed in the same house in Hawaii for the past 30 years every time I visited my parents. I also drove the same paid off car named Moose for a couple years until I bought a snazzier car in late 2014. Yes, I had to cut back on eating prime rib for a couple years. But I replaced $50 dry-aged steaks with $2.5 In N’ Out cheeseburgers. Yum! $12 toro sashimi was replaced with regular old $4 salmon sashimi. Still quite tasty. Just like the lifestyle of a one percenter is not much different from the lifestyle of a middle income person, as long as you have the basics covered, the lifestyle of a lower income person isn’t much different from a middle income person either. The lower income person has a harder time saving for retirement, which ironically gels well with a retiree who doesn’t need to save for retirement. As long as I have food, shelter, clothing, dental floss, companionship, and internet access, I’m 85% of the way there. For most of you, it’s going to be the same thing. The joy of doing anything you want, whenever you want more than makes up for a lower income. 4) You will be in a lower income tax bracket. The great thing about making less money is that you’ll be in a lower income tax bracket. Therefore, you’ll have a relatively higher amount of disposable income for each dollar earned. Read More It felt wonderful going from a 39.6%, 35%, or 33% marginal income tax bracket (depending on my deductions and bonus) to a more reasonable 25% tax rate for a couple years. Just imagine killing yourself at work for 70 hours a week to give over 50% of some of your income to a fiscally irresponsible government. No thank you. The double benefit of no longer having to work and paying less taxes made me much happier. Paying less taxes will make you much happier too. Related: Start A Business To Pay Less Taxes And Help Loved Ones 5) You will find many ways to make money. View photos supply and demand curveMore Lower your price from P1 to P2 and demand for your labor increases from Q1 to Q2 If you retire with only part of your living expenses covered, logically you’ll need to come up with a solution to cover the “income gap” required by your desired lifestyle. Throughout our entire careers, we are always asking for more. Thus, in retirement it’s often hard to accept less. But once we learn to control our egos, a bevy of new income earning opportunities materialize. Since retiring, I’ve done consulting with four financial technology companies at an hourly rate 60% – 80% less than what I used to earn at my full-time job. Initially, it felt odd making so much less. But I soon got over it because the experience was fun and I was learning something new. I even let some people who had no idea what they were doing, tell me what to do! The experience was insightful because it allowed me to write the post, How To Get A Job You Do Not Deserve. Then I really squashed my ego and spent time driving for Uber for $25 – $35 net an hour. One time I picked up an ex-client at his place in Pacific Heights. Perfect. I wanted to see if making a living driving was possible. It’s hard, but doable. The experience was good and driving added about $5,000 more gravy to my plate in 2015. From there, I wrote some articles about my experience and added another $5,000 through driver referral income. I still pick up passengers when going long distances to make gas money. If you don’t have a car, not to worry. Recently, I hired some “Taskers” from TaskRabbit to help transport some furniture from a buddy’s place to my house this past weekend. After paying a 35% (!) commission to TaskRabbit, the Taskers still made $54 an hour. Further, they had a couple other “tasks” lined up that day. And if you aren’t strong enough to be a mover, you can do a hundred other tasks that don’t require muscle, like cat sitting. If you’re allergic to all animals, don’t worry. You can always sign up to be a greeter at Walmart or flip burgers at McDonald’s while also eating free food. You’re not too proud to work a minimum wage job are you? If you are willing to swallow your pride and make much less than you once did, you’ll have no problem making up the income gap between your covered expenses and your desired lifestyle. 6) You have more to offer than you think. When I left finance, I thought I‘d be done for good because I didn’t think I had any transferable skills like a software engineer or electrician. When you’re used to doing one thing for a large portion of your life, you begin to doubt your versatility. Every colleague I spoke to felt the same way, which is why so few ever leave. Having transferable skills is overrated. All you really need is to be: 1) likable, 2) trustworthy, and 3) consistent. To make life easier, build a high EQ. Anything technical can be learned on the job. Think about how much you remember from high school and college. Not much! The CEOs earning $25 million a year aren’t coding or rewiring your house. All they’re doing is managing people, building business relationships, and making decisions. Given you’re close to or already retired, what you’ve got more than most is experience. Experience cannot be taught or bought. Acquiring it takes time. Your experience is extremely valuable. I never anticipated companies approaching me for online marketing consulting work. But at least eight firms have done so because over the last seven years with little budgeted, I’ve organically built my own platform into something significant. For any startup that wants to build its brand online, this is valuable experience. 7) Your existing assets have upside. You might have a business that invites couples into your home to learn how to cook. Why not expand and shoot videos of the cooking sessions to sell online? You might have rental property that hasn’t been spruced up in a while. Perhaps if you did some minor remodeling, you could get a much higher rent. Your investments might not be properly allocated based on the current state of the economy. Perhaps instead of having 50% of your assets in a Treasury bond yielding 1.5% in a bull market, you could double your money by allocating more to blue chip dividend stocks that pay more than a 2% yield and provide stronger capital appreciation. Or perhaps instead of having 100% of your net worth in public equities, you should be more diversified in order to not get pummeled during the next downturn. It’s rare that all of our assets are fully optimized. Only car manufacturers are able to trick us into changing the oil every 3,000 – 5,000 miles. The reality is, if you didn’t change the oil and spark plugs for 10,000 miles, your car would probably still work just fine! If necessary, we can probably all do some fine-tuning to make our existing assets generate more income. It’s just a matter of taking the time and expending the energy to make it happen. Don’t let a steady paycheck make you comfortably numb! 8) You can always tap your pre-tax retirement accounts early. If you so happen to retire before the age of 59.5, you can follow Rule 72(t) and withdraw money from your pre-tax retirement accounts penalty free provided that the holder take at least five “substantially equal periodic payments” (SEPPs). According to the IRS, the maximum you can borrow from your pre-tax retirement account such as a 401k is (1) the greater of $10,000 or 50% of your vested account balance, or (2) $50,000, whichever is less. For example, if a participant has an account balance of $40,000, the maximum amount that he or she can borrow from the account is $20,000. Finally, you could simply pay a 10% early withdrawal penalty if you were absolutely desperate. Luckily, if you incur unreimbursed medical expenses that are greater than 10% of your adjusted gross income in that year, you are able to pay for them out of an IRA without incurring a penalty. 9) You can create your own destiny. Let’s say nobody at McDonald’s is willing to hire you. Why not be your own boss? Startup costs are extremely low nowadays. All you’ve got to do is throw up a site for less than 5 bucks a month and you’re literally in business. After retiring, I wanted to take Financial Samurai more seriously. So I committed to writing at least three posts a week by spending 2-4 hours each morning before tennis. I didn’t know exactly how I was going to build the business, but I knew that if I kept on writing, opportunities would arise. After a full year of sticking to my plan and publishing my freedom book, the traffic on this site grew as did its income. My story is a classic case of “do what you love to do, and the money will follow.” To maximize profits, I should spend more time optimizing this site. But why bother when this site’s income is already a bonus? I’m having too much fun to go back to a stressful work mindset. The key is to just start your own site / business endeavor. You don’t need to have all the variables pre-mapped because as you tinker, your variables will change. Overanalyzing a situation will make you do nothing. 10) Plenty of safety nets. Let’s say you miscalculated how much you need in retirement. For whatever reason, you’re also unable to generate the required extra income to make up the shortfall. Your savings are depleted, your passive income streams dry up, your business ideas all suck, and nobody likes you. Not to worry! You’ve still got family, insurance, and the government to help out. Because of the Affordable Care Act, everybody can now get health insurance. Thus, the possibility of paying out-of-pocket massive medical bills has been reduced. In 2014, bankruptcies resulting from unpaid medical bills affected ~2 million people and made health care the No. 1 cause of such filings. Bankruptcies due to credit-card bills or unpaid mortgages were a distant second and third, respectively. Now that health, your most important asset, is taken care of, you can consider getting affordable term life insurance to take care of your dependents when you pass. We’re talking about a ~$25/month premium for a $250,000 20 year tax free policy for a healthy 35 year old. If dependents are involved, most people are highly conflicted (and stressed) about whether it’s irresponsible retiring early. Insurance helps assuage such feelings. If you just can’t make it on your own, there may be a family member who can lend a helping hand. If your parents are no longer living, perhaps you have a sister, brother, nephew, or niece who will provide shelter until you find work again. I know if anybody in my extended family needed help, I’d do so without question. Finally, if you’ve just got nobody, the government has programs that can help you with food, employment and shelter. It is extremely unlikely you will plunge from being able to retire to becoming homeless with all this planning and support. YOU’RE STRONGER THAN YOU THINK If you’ve been able to entertain legitimately the idea of retiring early, then you probably also have the intelligence, courage, and game plan to adapt to any unexpected changes that happen after retirement. Change is scary. But the fear in your head is almost always greater than the reality. Just make sure you have something you enjoy doing once you pull the ripchord. You might have so much time you won’t know what to do with yourself! Read the rest of this post at The Financial Samurai. Sam Dogen is the founder of FinancialSamurai.com, a leading personal finance site established in 2009 that teaches people how to achieve financial freedom sooner, rather than later.     Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Here's What You'd Be Paid in Lifetime Social Security Benefits by Claiming at Age 70 -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Six common myths that can really mess up your retirement CNBC Meet the 69-year-old professor who left retirement to help lead one of Google's most crucial projects CNBC Here's How You Can Make More Money in Retirement -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 70s -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Hillary Clinton took a swing at the media in her congratulations to French election winner Business Insider A Wall Street bear warns 'bad things are about to happen,' and a recession is on the way CNBC Price defends cutting nearly $1 trillion from Medicaid Associated Press UPS Finally Gets Smart and Cracks Down on Holiday Shippers -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Charlie Munger shares his thoughts on healthcare, politics, accounting, and investing Yahoo Finance Video Buffett: 'Medical costs are the tapeworm of American economic competitiveness' Yahoo Finance Charlie Munger says single-payer healthcare is the solution Yahoo Finance 'Most of benefits go to millionaires': George Stephanopoulos grills Paul Ryan over Republican healthcare bill Business Insider Sally Yates is set to give bombshell testimony about Michael Flynn and Russia — here's what to expect Business Insider Goldman says oil prices on the brink of ‘capitulation’ MarketWatch Berkshire Hathaway Annual Shareholders Meeting Halftime Show Yahoo Finance Video Donald Trump's health secretary defends White House party for mostly white men wild west: Old white Christian men know what's best for all of us. Can't wait till they all die from some painful pre-existing medical condition. They will be covered, but at least they'll die. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 162
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 8-14: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 8, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 8, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound right lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon the week of May 8, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   ***Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Completed Water line projects: Water line installation work on various routes that connect to Route 63 in Dickenson County have been completed.   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Replacement of the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound has been completed.   Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: Repairs to the Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge in Grayson County have been completed.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon have been completed. Pay close attention at these intersections as motorists become familiar with the new flashing yellow arrow signals.    Azure Lane improvements: Improvements to a one-mile section of Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County have been completed; however, be alert to clean-up work along the roadway the week of May 8.   Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: Replacement of the Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge in Lee County has been completed.       (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DICKERSON RD. BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR MAJOR REPAIRS – Rt. 606 closed north of airport from May 8 to July 28; use Rt. 29 as detour Next PostNext Police Response to Domestic Violence, 2006-2015 Search Recent Posts Vive le market! David Moffett speaks out about rough deal for pork producers CENTURY 21 Red River Realty Recognized as the Great North Regions Fastest Growing Brokerage SKB and Artemis Acquire Hoyt Retail Properties’ Pearl District Portfolio; First Ground Floor Retail Assemblage in Portland’s Renowned Crown Jewel 245 Acre Urban Redevelopment NZ dollar falls vs euro on signs of Macron win RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Search for: Search Kopitiam Bot News · Lifestyle · Tech · Singapore Home Current Affairs Technology Startups Money Matters Lifestyle Contact Us About Technology ‘It Ended Up Being Cheap Softcore Porn’ And Other Game Store Horror Stories Date: 2017-05-08Author: kopitiambot (Source: kotaku.com) GIF Video game store horror stories are so plentiful I had to round up a whole new batch to share all the best ones readers sent in. There’s the typical stock of pre-order bullshit, but these stories span ridiculous levels of rudeness. Note: these stories aren’t entirely emblematic of the stores mentioned. Though, for any managers or retail movers and shakers who might be reading this, it’s worth noting the consistent complaints against pre-order pushiness, sneak subscription enrollments, pre-orders oddly not being honored, and mismanagement of used games. I’ll be making a call soon for the more pleasant side of the brick and mortar experience, too. Hang tight. But, for now… Whoops, That Was Actually Porn (via J) About twelve years ago or so, I had my dad drive me to Best Buy so I could pick up the newly released X-Men Legends. I was a huge comic fan, and the game looked pretty good so I was pretty stoked. When we got home the first thing I did was to pop that baby into my PS2 and start playing. But something was amiss. When it started playing, it wasn’t a video game. It was some B movie called Palm Springs or something. Ended up being a cheap softcore porn. I ejected the disc (no pun intended) to see if there was some sort of mix-up, but it had the X-Men Legends cover and everything on the CD. So I had my dad drive me back to Best Buy (it was a 30 min drive, and he was already mad cause he hated video games) and did a simple exchange with the Customer Service Personnel. I even explained the issue with them before they gave me a new unopened copy. Fast forward another 30 min drive home and I get the SAME thing!! It was that stupid movie again with the wrong cover on the disc! It took no short amount of pleading and begging for my dad to drive me back over to the store. I was pretty upset at this point because I really wanted to play that game, and my dad was super angry with me. I asked for the manager of the store, and proceeded to explain the situation. He looked at me like I was an idiot kid! He told me that games usually start off with a short cinematic before they go to the main menu. I played games all damned day, I knew what a cinematic was!! I begged him to just pop it into their demo PS2 or even into a damned DVD player, but he refused. He began to get quite angry with me and tell me off for wasting his time. He then proceeded to disappear into the back of the store, leaving me standing there for a half hour. I finally figured out he wasn’t coming back, and just asked the original person helping me to just refund me my damned money. I left Best Buy with my refund in pocket, and a chip on my shoulder. They treated me like an idiot, and refused to listen to a damned thing I said. I eventually went to Gamestop a few weeks later and picked up a genuine copy there. Never did hear anything on the news about a bunch of PS2 game discs being mixed up with porn movies. And I refuse to step foot into Best Buy to this day. You Must Be Poor (via blueblip) I had a bizarre experience when visiting a GameStop once, all the way back in 2005. It started off, oddly enough, as a misguided attempt to be helpful, but descended into unintentional condescension and now serves a cautionary tale as to why one shouldn’t rely on stereotypes to judge other people. It was around a month or so after Jade Empire had been released, and I was visiting my brother who lived in Chicago at the time (I was attending university nearby). Seeing as I’m a Bioware boy, I decided to check out the nearest GameStop to see if they had a copy. I walk into the store, and it was empty save for me and a very average looking, 20-something year old guy behind the counter. He was reading something, and glanced up at me when I entered. Things started off pleasantly enough. We both greet each other warmly, and I ask him if he’s got a copy of Jade Empire. They do, but since neither of us seemed to be in a hurry, we just started chatting. Halfway through our conversation, the guy then asks me where I am from (perfectly normal; I’m from India). I told him so, and then he asks, “No no. Where in the States are you from?” Again, nothing unusual. I’ve always spoken English without much of an accent of any kind, and many people in the US simply assumed I was born and brought up there because of that. So I tell our shopkeep that no, I’m really really from India. “Really? Oh wow! Did you go to school on an elephant?” Now THIS was a most abnormal question, and it took me completely by surprise. I thought I must have heard him wrong. “I’m sorry, but could you repeat that?” “Did you used to go to school on an elephant?” I started laughing. It was an instinctive reaction to such an absurd question. And by laughing, I mean I doubled over, clutching my stomach, gasping for breath kind of laughing. My reaction must have hurt the feelings of the counter guy, because he had this puzzled yet injured look on his face. So when I was able to control my emotions, I explained that no, I didn’t go to school on elephant, and that no one in India goes to school via elephant, and that we do have cars and such. The guy immediately became very apologetic and such. I told him it was all okay etc etc. But this is where it gets to the bad part. His follow up question was, “Are you sure you want this game?” A little surprised, replied that yes, of course I want it. Why did he ask? “Well, games like Jade Empire are a little complicated, you know. Seeing you’re from India, you most likely have never played games before. I mean, I don’t want to be rude, but I’m guessing you’ve never even used a computer before you came to the States.” Now, keep in mind that when I say I’m old school, I mean that my first computer was an Apple IIC from the 80s, and that didn’t even have any form of internal storage at all (it ran off RAM and ROM, and you had to save everything on 5 and a quarter inch floppies or run programs off said disks). So yes, I’m intimately familiar with computers. But despite that, what the guy said was kind of dickish. Maintaining my cool, I explained that this is/was 2005 and that they are pretty ubiquitous. “But they can be expensive and I can’t imagine you coming from such a poor country and affording one. So I’m just trying to point out that if you want to get into gaming, there are better, cheaper ones you can buy. Get a feel for what games were like before buying something like Jade Empire. I mean, I doubt you can even afford a rig that can even run it!” At that point, I figured it would be best if I simply just bought the game and left the store immediately before my overwhelming urge to punch the guy took over. Way To Make A 10-Year-Old Boy Cry (via Private_Smiley) So maybe 10 years ago, my best friends, my brother, and myself all got into Warcraft 3. Well, my brother wanted the battle chest for it, so my dad and my brother and I went to good ol’ Walmart to get it. Go back to electronics, find it, pay for it back there, get receipt but no bag as it was too big. As we head for the exit, the greeter person sees my little brother holding the battle chest and starts screaming at him that he stole it, while my dad is right there. He calmly shows her the receipt that shows it is paid for, but she will not listen and threatens to get her manager. Meanwhile, my 10 year old brother is almost in tears because this random lady has been screaming at him in public. Manager comes over, sees the receipt, tells us we can go, and gives the greeter a hard look and tells her to come to the office. The Aggressive Pawn Shop (via UsedMeat) I was in my teens and online shopping wasn’t a thing yet. Back then you would normally sell your games to local stores and pawn shops. So being a smart child I hopped on my bike and hit up about 5 stores to see what kind of cash I could get for my NES games. Store #3 was a game store in the back of a pawn shop that basically offered me dog crap prices on my good games and mediocre prices on my terrible games, the prices were for each game individually. I sold some of my good games to a different store that offered me the best prices, then I returned to Store #3 to sell them my crappy games. The employee then started yelling at me about how I should have sold all the games to her. Actually yelling. I informed them that I sold it to the store that offered me the most money. She then starts screaming about how I “owed” them the good games which was especially crazy since I had never been there before. 15 year old me told her I didn’t owe her shit, she then physically pushed me out of the door which is nuts because it’s about 4 steps up, I fell on my ass stood up and kicked the door. Then the owner comes out of the pawn shop yelling about how he recorded the whole thing and was going to call the cops. I told him he should because she attacked me. Choice words were thrown back and forth and I left. 22 years later I still laugh/cringe whenever I drive past that pawn shop. Thank goodness for online shopping. Blockbuster Memory Loss (via DonShulaDoingTheHula) In the waning days of Blockbuster, they ran some promotion involving trading in games and getting significant credit toward new releases. I can’t remember the specifics but it must have been $30 to $40 off per game – it was substantial. You can probably see where this is going. I preordered Madden and Tiger Woods for the 360 – it was the year the 360 launched. After I traded in a bunch of games for credit and came back to collect a couple months later, the guy at the counter told me I had no preorders. He ignored my receipt for the trade-ins and pretended he had never heard of the promotion. At one point he told me there was no way he was going to give me Xbox 360 games in exchange for credit, as if he had suddenly remembered the promotion but arbitrarily decided to exclude 360 games on the spot. I left the store without anything and never went back – for rentals or purchases. It closed a year later. I never got to spend any of the trade-in credit either. Shitty company got what it deserved. Xbox One Versus PS4 (via Crimson Sin) As a customer, when I went to pre-order my Xbox One, the clerk at Gamestop kept trying to talk me out of it and get a PS4. I get suggesting once or twice, but he started being pretty rude with me about it. Almost to the point of making fun of me for wanting an Xbox One. Laughing it off saying stuff like it’s a waste of money to buy any Microsoft product. Luckily when I picked up my Xbox on launch day he was nowhere to be seen. Sneak Magazine Subscription Attack (via Brass Shadow) One time when I was checking out at Best Buy, the cashier had me swipe twice. When I asked why I had to swipe twice, he passed it off as a computer error “You know, these machines.” Turns out he signed me up for a magazine subscription for Entertainment Weekly without my permission or knowledge and slipped the receipt for the subscription in my bag. I canceled it right away and complained to the store manager. Apparently at the time the cashiers received a commission for each subscription. A Wii Accessory Huh (via ElSuavenero) While I’ve never had a bad experience personally, I have witnessed quite a few before. I was in a Target store killing time while my girlfriend was clothes shopping. A store associate and customer were discussing the Wii U, whereby the associate proceeded to inform the customer that the system was an accessory for the Wii. For some reason, I felt the need to step in and explain the differences to this customer so he didn’t end up making a stupid purchase. I think the prospect of buying a whole new system was just too much for the guy and he left, though I’m not entirely sure why he was okay with buying a $300 Wii accessory before I explained the difference. Please Sell Me Your Hoodie (via Jon) The last year I went to Comic-con, I had gone to a little press event thing where Bioware was demonstrating a preview build for Dragon Age 2, where I bought a Mass Effect N7 hoodie. Some time after coming home from the con, I wore this hoodie to Gamestop, and a few of the clerks said “hey, cool” and that was that. One clerk, though, just would not let it go. He asked me where I got it, and I told him about Comic-Con, but that Bioware sells these hoodies on their website. He asked if I would sell him the one I’m currently wearing. I told him “no thank you,” but he continued to belabor the point. While processing my preorder for something, he asked me three more times if I would sell it to him. Not only that, but this guy remembered me. I decided to never wear that hoodie to the Gamestop again, but this guy remembered my face. The other two times I showed up at that store, he asked again, and even started getting more pushy with it. And to top it all off, turns out this guy went to the same college as me, and he saw me at school one day wearing the hoodie and once again ASKED ME TO SELL IT TO HIM. At this time, I was getting really tired of telling him “go to the website” or “leave me alone,” so I just ignored him and walked away. I’ve never gone back to that Gamestop since then, and thankfully I never saw him at school after that. Outclassed By A Grocery Store (via Keil) My friends and I would often go to Gamestop together to pick up pre-ordered games. I decided not to pre-order GTA 4, lying to myself that I could wait for the price to come down or for a used copy. Still, I went with my friends who did pre order it after work. We were in Alaska so by lunch I had seen video posted from East Coast players and knew it was worth buying immediately (nobody posted about the fucking cousin yet). Despite not having a preorder I figured a game as big as GTA 4 would certainly not be understocked, so I asked the manager if they had any for non-preorder customers. He looked at me like I asked to eat the flesh of newborns. Manager- “Why wouldn’t you preorder, that’s so stupid! Why would we have any extra?” Me- “Well I figured that since this is probably going to be the best selling game of the year you would want extra on hand to sell, make money?” Manager- “Well, here at Gamestop we respect games enough to only allow those who would appreciate them to have them.” Me- “What? How does that make sense? So Gamestop is always about the money unless there is an opportunity to screw the customer by not taking theirs?” Manager- “You just don’t understand how the games industry works. Not that I’d expect someone like you would!” And this cunt sneers at my uniform, my ARMY uniform I was wearing because I was in the GOD DAMNED ARMY and this shitwizard had the stones to try to mock me for that even though there were at least 8 other soldiers or airmen in the shop. My friends who were also Army demanded a refund and we went to a grocery store. Not only did a damn grocery store have the game, they had an entire PALLET of them behind the counter. The nice old manager there who saw us troops buying the game gave us all a 20% managers discount as long as we promised that we stopped playing in time to get a good night’s rest. We continued to go back to that grocery store for games and continued to get great service. I haven’t purchased anything from a Gamestop since. Girls Are Cheaters (via Nikki) So this story happened back when I was twelve years old, a couple weeks before the release of Halo 2. The Gamestop I always went to with my family was having a tournament to celebrate, and my older brother and I were so excited that we even made our own shirts. So we get in line to enter and already the worker keeps asking me if I’m sure I want to. He doesn’t do this for any other customer but me. At first I thought maybe it was because I was the youngest one there. The employee next to him gave me the sign-in sheet and I was entered. Already there seems to be tension from the first employee, Ryan. I will not forget that guy’s name for as long as I live. The competition starts and everyone is having fun and fangirling about Halo, it was great! Then it was my turn and I was nervous but excited. Everyone else was a lot older so no one really expected me to do well. And I won my first round, I was able to go to the finals. That’s when Ryan shows up and tells me it isn’t right to cheat. To clarify, I played Halo like crazy with my brother before the tournament so I’d be ready. I worked extremely hard to be a good player. He drops it and everyone else gets to play. Now it’s the finals, three other guys and me. I went for the same controller as I had last time and the worker unplugs it and tells me it is broken. Multiple people, including myself, keep telling him we know it isn’t yet he changes it anyway. We start the competition and the new controller is broken. I can’t play. So it ends and everyone is curious what happened. I go to talk to Ryan and he tells me that since I’m a young girl I must have cheated, so he didn’t want me to ruin the fun for everyone else. That I should know my place and know not to be playing video games since I’m a girl. Now remember, I was only twelve, so I didn’t understand the issue of girls gaming. Ryan, a full grown adult, told me that a girl can’t be that good, that a girl can’t beat men at a game. He then yelled at me and said, “YOU CAN’T BE THAT GOOD! YOU’RE A LYING LITTLE CHEATER!! GET OUT!!” There is a happy ending however. I found out two years after this incident that Ryan was fired for bullying every female customer that went to that store. A Case Of Mistaken Theft (via Clayton) I know my parents had been planning to get me one of the new Pokémon games for Christmas last year (2014). I told my dad that I was going out to get Smash for my 3DS, and he asked me if I was willing to go to the EB Games (which is about 15-20 minutes away) and see if they had Alpha Sapphire in stock if he were to go in tomorrow to get it for me. Of course I obliged and went about getting Smash for my DS. I had checked the EB site before-hand and called in to check if they had a copy of Smash in, which they didn’t. I then asked if they had any copies of Pokémon Alpha Sapphire in (the one I wanted) and they said they had one, so I asked if it was possible if I were able to reserve a copy for purchase the next day and they said I had to come in store to do it (certain EB Games allow you to reserve a copy of a game to purchase within 24 hours otherwise it goes back on the shelf). I went out to the Target near my house and bought Smash there along with a couple other things for my family because they were having a Christmas sale. Afterwards I bussed out to the EB across town and went in to reserve the copy of Sapphire for my dad the next day. Of course, not having a car, I had to bring my target bag in the store with me. I went up to the front desk of an empty EB and asked about reserving a copy of Sapphire, telling him in short the conversation I had over the phone. The guy at the desk mentioned that they hadn’t had any in stock for the last few days, but said that he can quickly check the back for any loose copies. He went to the back and I decided to look around the Nintendo section of the store for any games that interest me. I found none, and when the guy walked out from the back of the store I went back up to the front. He said that he didn’t have any copies of Sapphire, but that there were a few Rubys he could. I said no thank you and asked when he thinks they would be getting a copy of Sapphire in. He said they should be getting some in a few days and to come back then. It was at that time he noticed the copy of Smash 4 in my bag and asked if I wanted to pay for it. I told him I got it at Target, to which he asked for the receipt. After looking through the bag for a minute I realized that it would’ve fallen out of the bag on the bus, and so I didn’t have it. He said that I would have to pay for it (again) and even after the bar-code turned up invalid and the UPC also, he went to get the manager. The manager came out and after about 10 minutes of trying to get the game to register in the system, was getting obviously annoyed. He told me that he was going to go to the back and get another copy for me. I told him (again) that I had already purchased the game at Target but I had lost the receipt. He responded very angrily with “I don’t care if you say you bought it somewhere else, you bring a game in here and can’t prove you bought it where you way, you’re paying for it again!” At this point I was also getting annoyed and told him that, if he didn’t give my game back, I would phone the police and report the store for theft. He laughed at me and said, “Well looks like this game is going back into the storage area. I called the police and within 10 minutes they were there. After half an hour the store manager had had enough and said he just wanted to go home and that I could have my game. The police went into the back with him to make sure he actually got MY game. I got my game, got home, and told my dad that they were sold out and wasn’t getting another shipment until after Christmas. I still got Alpha Sapphire for Christmas, though I’m not sure where my dad got it from, but I hope he didn’t have to deal with the same thing I did, 2 hours of wasted time. GIF by Sam Woolley To contact the author of this post, write to tina@kotaku.com or find her on Twitter at @tinaamini. More Info: kotaku.com Advertisements Share this: Facebook Twitter WhatsApp Telegram Email LinkedIn More Print Pocket Tumblr Google Like this: Like Loading... Related gamesstoreendedwenttoldgamecheaphorroraskedguyporncopygamestopsoftcore Published by kopitiambot Kopitiam Bot is a blog started by a Singaporean & his robot. They are passionate about current affairs, technology, startups, money-matters, lifestyle, and a good cup of coffee. We named our site Kopitiam Bot because it is essentially a human-serving robot that serves you the latest summaries and trends — all while you "relak one corner" in the coffeeshop. View all posts by kopitiambot Post navigation Previous Previous post: Modern “Hackintoshes” show that Apple should probably just build a Mac tower Next Next post: Counter-Strike Caster Gets Tossed Into Giant ‘Pie’ After Loss Search for: Search Blog Stats 1,006,630 hits Recent Posts Mental Model: Occam’s Razor 2017-05-08 15 residents evacuated after fire breaks out in 7th-floor flat in Ubi 2017-05-08 The most expensive homes you can buy in 28 countries 2017-05-08 Meet the mysterious 35-year-old In-N-Out heiress who just became one of the youngest billionaires in America 2017-05-08 Search operation ongoing for missing person off East Coast beach 2017-05-08 Record haul of pangolin scales seized in Malaysia 2017-05-08 Fed’s Williams stands by hike outlook as unemployment declines 2017-05-08 From street fighter to top S’pore Poly graduate 2017-05-08 It’s never too late to fall in love again 2017-05-08 More formula milk options to be made available: Koh Poh Koon 2017-05-08 Dead body pulled from Bedok Canal along Upper Changi Road East 2017-05-08 Direct school admission starts; early admission to polytechnics and ITEs to begin in June 2017-05-08 Macron Wins, What is the Market Impact? 2017-05-08 What world leaders say about Macron’s victory 2017-05-08 132 food licences suspended for poor hygiene in 2016: Amy Khor 2017-05-08 Categories Current Affairs (22,582) Lifestyle (5,867) Money Matters (17,132) Startups (699) Technology (14,825) Tags app apple asia bank best billion business car cent china chinese city companies company courts crime data day dont east economy finance food game games good group iphone know life man market markets million money need online players president price public report road security service singapore singapores south state states stocks street system team Technology things think times told trade transport trump trumps united used users video wall watch way week work world worth york Follow Blog via Email Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 1,882 other followers © 2017 Kopitiam Bot Powered by WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. U.S.   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE Target doubles down on 'gay' pride despite losses in bathroom war Rainbow-themed merchandise reflects retail giant's aggressive LGBT stance Published: 10 hours ago Alicia Powe About | Email | Archive Alicia Powe is a WND staff writer based in Washington. Follow her on Facebook. Subscribe to feed Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Despite the drastic financial blowback Target Corporation has been weathering since announcing its plan last year to allow men to enter women’s bathroom facilities, the retail giant is continuing full-speed ahead in its pursuit of LGBT social activism, all in the name of “inclusivity.” For the second year, Target is using a #TakePride hashtag on social media to promote its rainbow-themed online merchandise. The retailer’s “pride” paraphernalia include tee-shirts, swim trunks, flip-flops, headphones, iPhone cases and an assortment of other products emblazoned with LBGT logos. Nice Job Ladies ! We take pride! Available @ T1849 Atlantic Terminal Love is love #takepride #T1849 #loveislove pic.twitter.com/d6N6xeFwXh — Lashanna Rodriguez (@SoftVIBElines) May 2, 2017 In fact, the retail giant, second in size only to Walmart, has become more well-known for its aggressive support of the LGBT agenda and other progressive policies than any other major retailer: Target came under criticism in August 2014 for signing onto an amicus brief to redefine marriage (in the 7th Circuit). It was among the first companies to advertise a homosexual “wedding registry” in 2012. The same year Target exploited its clothing lines to propagandize the LGBT agenda, selling “Love is Love” tee-shirts to raise money for a group working to defeat a same-sex marriage ban in Minnesota. In August 2015, Target eliminated “boys” and “girls” signs from its toys and bedding departments to transcend “unnecessary” gender stereotypes and rid its toy departments of anything that could reflect “gender.” Target declared support in September 2015 for the “Equality Act,” which ensures that religious freedom bows to the LGBT agenda. “Everyone deserves to feel like they belong,” read a statement from the retailer announcing the intensely controversial transgender bathroom policy, which turned half of Target’s red bull’s-eye logo into a “gay”-pride rainbow. What do YOU think? Will you shop at Target with its LGBT promotions? Sound off in the WND Poll! The company-wide policy came in response to the 2016 North Carolina law requiring transgender people to use bathrooms in government buildings according to the gender on their birth certificates. Despite widespread public acquiescence to an ever-expanding LBGT agenda, millions of Americans drew the line when Target announced a corporate policy in April 2016 allowing transgender “team members and guests” to use whatever bathroom or restroom the feel corresponds with their perceived gender identity. That announcement triggered a massive boycott effort (the #BoycottTarget petition) organized by the American Family Association, which gained the support of over a million would-be Target customers in less than a month. Critics called Target’s policy dangerous, arguing it would only entice predators, pedophiles and sex offenders into ladies’ fitting rooms and restrooms – and they were right. Months after Target announced its new policy, reports of peeping toms started, with teenage girls and women across America catching creepy men secretly filming them while they changed their clothes. Scrambling to control the damage, the company announced it would spend $20 million to add private single-stall lockable bathrooms at all of its stores, in addition to male and female restrooms, an investment executives viewed as a compromise. Target, however, has been unable to redeem its brand name and has experienced turmoil since declaring its controversial bathroom policy. Though it has tried to increase revenues by remodeling existing outlets and opening smaller format stores, consumers holding to traditional values were turned off by what they regard as the corporation’s bizarre and dangerous social engineering agenda. After a year of declining sales and plunging share prices, the retail giant announced its CEO’s compensation would decline by one-third, falling to $11.2 million. In March, Investment advisers downgraded Target to a “strong sell” even as its falling price might be regarded by some as an attractive buy. CEO Brian Cornell designed Target around an incentive program, under which growth for the company means an increase in his earnings. Yet the company has consistently lost billions. “Target said it missed its 2016 Incentive EBIT [earnings before interest and taxes] goal of $5.74 billion by $623 million and fell short of its adjusted sales target of $71.62 billion by $2.13 billion,” Reuters reported last week. In contrast, rival Wal-Mart Stores gave CEO Doug McMillon a 13 percent pay hike, following strong sales performance at the world’s largest retailer. A number of retailers, including Wal-Mart, have policies similar to Target’s, however, they have refrained from publicizing them. Target’s Cornell admitted in April that he opposed his own company’s transgender bathroom announcement and claimed he only found out about it only after it was made public, according to the Wall Street Journal. Though Cornell believes the whole situation was mishandled and caused a massive backlash against the company, insiders say he ultimately backed the policy, but felt “stuck” with it. In an effort to regain profitability, the chain has resorted to firing at least five top executives recently. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Related Stories Bill Nye, now the gender-spectrum guy They'll have a 'gay' old time: 'Bordellos' now in nursing homes? Activist group claims 20% of millennials are LGBT New book has 'gay' Santa in interracial 'marriage' Top Christian spanks Disney's new box-office smash 'Power Rangers' promoters trying to cash in on 'gay' furor 'Beauty' composer: 'I'm just shutting up' about 'gay' character Ex-'gay': 'I finally just walked away from that life' Parents urged to keep kids from Disney's 'Beauty and the Beast' Not just Milo: Child sex abuse often precedes 'gay' lifestyle WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah What's wrong with Republicans? STATE OF MIND Gina Loudon Who broke the Democrats? RACE IN AMERICA Jesse Lee Peterson Trayvon Martin's life didn't matter to his parents IN THE GAME Jason & David Benham God's blessing comes with His burden CULTURE WARS Chuck Norris Goodbye Obamacare, Johnson Amendment and … More Commentary » Deal of the Day Astonishing exposé of Muslim Brotherhood in America – $4.95 today only! 'Muslim Mafia' based on daring investigation of terror-tied group Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 60s Transition time, folks: You’re about to go from saving that nest egg to spending, and it's not as easy a mental switch to make as you might think. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) May 7, 2017 at 11:00AM In this segment from Motley Fool Answers, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp break down a proper investing and retirement strategy by decade. It's your 60s, and retirement has hopefully made its arrival. As a result, you'll need two completely new sets of financial strategies for the different stages of this decade -- pre-retirement and post-retirement. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on April 18, 2017. Alison Southwick: Your 60s are an exciting time. These are the years where you transition out of being a workaday Joe and it gives you time to, you know what? Get to know you again. Again! You and your neighbors try to get a Troggs cover band together and end up playing Friday nights at the country club. Not bad! So what should be your top money priorities in your 60s? Robert Brokamp: So we're thinking, here, in terms of the early 60s. Obviously it's time to get ready for retirement. What that means is really learning a lot about Social Security and Medicare, because these are two programs that are going to have a big influence on the quality of your retirement. Number two is to learn how to turn your portfolio into an income-generating machine. Up until now you've been spending decades learning how to accumulate money, but it's a little different in terms of using a portfolio to generate income. It might be the first time in your life that you've ever actually looked at bonds, for example. So learn about how to make your portfolio generate income. Number three, I would also say it might be time to visit a fee-only financial planner. You might have had a financial planner all along, but if you never have, this is such an important transition with so many moving parts. It's time to get a good, qualified second opinion on when you actually can retire. And you want to get someone who provides holistic advice. A lot of people who call themselves financial advisors just really provide advice about your portfolio, but don't really know that much about Social Security, Medicare, and things like that. You want to get a good, fee-only, comprehensive financial planner. Southwick: How much should you have saved for retirement in your 60s? Brokamp: By age 60 you want to be shooting for eight to 10 times your household income. Southwick: And what's a good mistake to avoid? Brokamp: Retiring too soon. A lot of people retire just because, for example, they're eligible for Social Security at age 62. They think, "Well, I can take it now. Why shouldn't I retire?" But that doesn't mean that really all their finances are ready for retirement. We're all aware that many of the studies indicate most people aren't prepared, but if you look at what people can do to improve their chances of having a secure retirement, it basically means retiring closer to age 70. It's more years of contributing to your accounts. More years of them growing without you touching them and years of maximizing Social Security by putting it off to age 70. If you think of everyone retiring at age 70 in this country, the vast majority of people are actually pretty prepared for retirement. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info May 7, 2017 at 11:00AM Investment Planning Read More The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 70s Are Your Finances Harming Your Health? The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 40s 3 Ways Your Credit Card Might Come to Your Rescue When Do Most Americans Claim Social Security? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 60s @themotleyfool #stocks
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 70s Just because you made it to retirement successfully doesn’t mean your financial responsibilities are over! Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) May 7, 2017 at 12:00PM In this segment from Motley Fool Answers, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp break down a proper investing and retirement strategy by decade. We have finally reached the twilight years -- our 70s, now retired and enjoying time with the grandkids. But when you crossed one financial finish line, you started a different race. Going forward, your priorities are to manage your healthcare costs while ensuring that your savings withdrawal rate will leave you solvent for the rest of your life. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on April 18, 2017. Alison Southwick: Your 70s and beyond are an exciting time. Your years of saving and planning are paying off. You get to volunteer your time, travel, and spoil grandchildren. Sure, your body aches a bit and you've got some sunspots and some laugh lines around your mouth, but they are all signs of a life well lived. So what should be your priorities in retirement? Robert Brokamp: Number one, you want to ensure your portfolio will last as long as you do, and that is understanding safe withdrawal rates in retirement, which is one of my favorite topics. Southwick: Yeah. I know. Brokamp: You know. And most people think of 4%. That's a classic rule of thumb, and it's a fine rule of thumb, but most people should be taking out either a little bit more or a little bit less depending on your circumstances starting, for example, with your age. The studies that determine that 4% safe withdrawal rate assume you'll retire at age 65. But what if you're 55? What if you're 75? You really need to learn about how all that goes. I would recommend the three people to read to learn about this type of stuff is David Blanchett at Morningstar, Michael Kitces, and Wade Pfau. If you want to learn a lot about safe withdrawal rates in retirement, go check out those guys. Number two, you want to learn how to sell investments in a tax-efficient manner. You're now in this situation where you are selling assets to generate income. One rule of thumb is if you have a taxable account, a traditional tax-deferred account, and a Roth; you drain your taxable account first, then the traditional account, and then the Roth. It depends on your circumstances because it might be better to touch the Roth a little bit sooner to avoid huge withdrawals from traditional accounts when you have to take money out at age 70 1/2. So there's some stuff to learn about that, but there are lots of ways to reduce the tax bill on how you turn your portfolio into an income-generating machine. And then the third one is managing healthcare costs. For retirees, most of their expenses actually go down as they get older. The one exception is healthcare. So for someone who's 65, on average they spend about 10% of their budget on healthcare. Eighty-five year olds spend about 20%. Of course, you first want to make sure you're taking care of yourself so you don't have to spend so much on healthcare. But then understanding the healthcare system, Medicare, and all that so you can manage those costs as well as possible. Southwick: And how much should you have saved once you're in retirement? All of it? One hundred percent? Brokamp: As a good rule of thumb, you should have 12 times your annual income before you retire. And then beyond that it depends on your age, but 12 is a good rule of thumb. If you have a lower income, or a lot of your income will be provided by Social Security and a pension, you can have less. If you had a higher income throughout your life, Social Security is not going to replace as much of that, so you might need something like 14 times your income before you retire. Southwick: All right, and this is a tough question, but what do you think is one of the biggest mistakes to avoid in your retirement? Brokamp: I would say not preparing for changes in your ability and availability to handle your finances. And what I mean by that is as we get older we may not be as sharp as we used to be. A month ago we had a [professor from Georgetown] by the name of Dr. Sumit Agarwal [talking about behavioral finance]. In one of his studies he concluded that our peak age for making financial decisions is 53. It turns out that our raw intellectual power (our IQ) peaks pretty early in life, like in our 20s, but it's compensated by wisdom and experiential learning. Once we hit age 53, that might be the peak, and for some people it goes down considerably to a point where as many as half of people in their 80s and 90s have some sort of cognitive difficulty handling their finances. Not everyone. Warren Buffett's in his 80s and he's doing just fine. But you have to prepare for that possibility. That means getting your estate plan set up and thinking about who's going to handle your finances if either you're mentally not able to do it or if you're the person in this married couple that handles the finances and you die before your spouse. It could be one of your kids that you trust, or it could be you start a relationship with a good financial planner who can handle that for you later in life. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info May 7, 2017 at 12:00PM Investment Planning Read More Are Your Finances Harming Your Health? The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 40s 3 Ways Your Credit Card Might Come to Your Rescue When Do Most Americans Claim Social Security? Turns Out Americans Are Actually Managing Their Credit Card Debts Well Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 70s @themotleyfool #stocks
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Compassionate Capitalism in the Middle Ages: Profit and Philanthropy in Medieval Cambridge - 05/08/2017 - Yves Smith Andrew Bacevich: What Obsessing About Trump Causes Us To Miss - 05/08/2017 - Yves Smith Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin Signs Law Imposing Hefty Fines and Lengthy Jail Terms for Anti-Pipeline Protests - 05/07/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 5/7/17 - 05/07/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield GOP Attack on Obamacare Won’t Slow Calls for Democrats to Back Single-Payer - 05/07/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 5/6/17 - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith Book Review: Game of Mates - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith Growing Inequality Under Global Capitalism - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith NY Times Lets a Charter School Propagandist Distort the Facts on Its Op-Ed Page - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith NY Times Lets a Charter School Propagandist Distort the Facts on Its Op-Ed Page Posted on May 6, 2017 by Yves Smith By Jeff Bryant, the director of the Education Opportunity Network, a partnership effort of the Institute for America’s Future and the Opportunity to Learn Campaign. He has written extensively about public education policy. Originally published at Our Future President Donald Trump’s adamant promotion of “school choice” and his selection of Betsy DeVos for education secretary have put advocates for charter schools in the Democratic party in a bind, and now they’re scrambling to keep the luster of the well-polished charter school brand unblemished. Their latest tactic is to carefully distinguish charters from the system of school vouchers Trump and DeVos favor, but they serve this cause poorly by making erroneous claims about how the charter industry works in most communities and what these schools do to harm public education. The latest misfire comes from David Leonhardt’s op-ed in Monday’s New York Times in which he takes on DeVos and her preference for vouchers while denigrating charter skeptics as people who need to get “an open mind.” It’s a precarious tightrope Leonhardt attempts to walk, and he stumbles quite badly. First, A Little Background First, it’s important to understand the source of the school choice schism in the Democratic party goes back 25 years, Jeffrey Henig explains in Education Week, when proponents of school choice came up with two different ways to achieve their goals: school vouchers and charter schools. While conservatives favored vouchers, which were a creation of free-market economist Milton Friedman, political centrists and some left-leaning people became infatuated with charters because they were birthed by “business-oriented moderates and technocrats” who became the predominant force in the Democratic party during Bill Clinton’s presidential administration. Around the turn of the century, these two strains of school choice advocacy united after pro-voucher forces, largely funded by the Walton Family Foundation (of Walmart fame), encountered a series of stinging defeats at the ballot box and a rising tide of anti-voucher sentiment among the general public. Voucher advocates welcomed their union with charter school fans because it gave their cause a bipartisan aura and some support from the civil rights community. “Charter proponents … welcomed the political and philanthropic support of the pro-voucher forces,” Henig writes, because they needed rightwing leverage and money to undermine opposition coming from teachers’ unions and public school advocates. For conservatives, the bipartisan unification for school choice established the slippery slope to potentially privatize public education. Moderate and lefty supporters of charter schools, on the other hand, got a Faustian bargain that gave them “education reformer” cred and the favor of Wall Street investors in exchange for colluding with the right wing. With Trump and DeVos, the bargain Democrats made on charter schools has come due. What Leonhardt Gets Wrong So what’s a charter-loving Democrat to do? Based on what Leonhardt writes for the Times, many are choosing to re-up their support with false claims and deceptive rhetoric. Leonhardt begins his column by calling attention to a new study showing the voucher program in the District of Columbia has had a negative impact on student achievement – a worthwhile news item to note for sure. But it becomes quickly apparent Leonhardt brings the subject up not to lambast DeVos but to miscast charter school skeptics as actors in a “caricature” debate over the fate of public education. That’s a convenient strawman that leads him to state there are those who “conflate vouchers … with charter schools,” but he cites no credible sources to substantiate his belief that critics of DeVos and school choice are incapable of distinguishing between charters and vouchers. Most concerning about Leonhardt’s column, though, is the many misleading statements he makes about how charter schools operate and what their impact is. He cites a few credible studies showing positive impacts of charter schools on student achievement, but he doesn’t appear to have read credible reports that have found otherwise. For instance, the most rigorous and most expensive study of charter school performance commissioned by the US Department of Education found no overall positive effect for charter schools. A recent study of charter schools in Texas found charters overall have no positive impact on test scores and have a negative impact on earnings later in life. So it’s totally misleading for Leonhardt to argue charters have “flourished” (whatever that means) when their track record is decidedly mixed at best. Leonhardt then piles on one misleading statement after another. His assertion that “charter-school systems are subject to rigorous evaluation and oversight” is counter factual to reports from the charter industry itself that show only about 3 percent of charter schools are closed for under-performing, and even those that are closed have operated an average of 6.2 years. In Ohio, only one of 10 charter school students attend a school rated high performing. In Michigan, charter schools score worse on national assessments, known as “The Nation’s Report Card,” than their traditional public-school counterparts, yet their numbers continue to expand every year. In Louisiana, charter-school students perform worse than public schools on eighth-grade reading and math tests by enormous margins – 2 to 3 standard deviations. And if you want to find out how charter schools spend the money they get from taxpayers, your job isn’t easy. Neither the federal government nor the states have created a place taxpayers can go to see how much in taxes these schools get and what they do with the cash, including what happens to real estate the schools purchase with the public’s money. Leonhardt’s next howler is his assertion, “Local officials decide which charters can open and expand.” Actually, most often state boards or independent charter granting entities make the decisions to open and close charters, not local officials. If you’re a local official in most states – including Arizona, Florida, California, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and North Carolina, – you have no idea if a charter school will pop up in your district and no control over what kind of students the charter will appeal to and how the charter will impact your budget. In most states – including Florida, Tennessee, California, Illinois, Colorado, and Alabama – local officials who deny a charter application or seek to close a charter are frequently overruled by appointed boards set up by state officials whose political campaigns have been well supported by the charter school industry or its wealthy promoters. The lack of local control endemic in charter school governance is by design. In its rankings of state legal statues governing charter schools, the charter industry lists “the existence of independent and/or multiple authorizers,” not local control, as a chief determiner of whether a state gets a top grade or not. Leonhardt is wrong on this point as well: “Many charters are open to all comers.” Numerous studies have found charters tend to serve lower percentages of students who have disabilities or whose first language isn’t English. I’m sure Leonhardt can find an inclusive charter here or there, but the fact remains there are no regulatory or statutory requirements that prevent a charter school operator from saying to a family, “Your child isn’t a good fit for our school,” and any attempt to put those requirements onto charters would be fought tooth-and-nail by the charter industry and its powerful lobby. Who Really Needs “An Open Mind” Lastly, Leonhardt offers a “political compromise” of “fewer vouchers, more charters,” and he accuses anyone unwilling to take that deal of not having “an open mind.” But expanding charters comes at a considerable cost to taxpayers as many of these schools continue to fleece the public coffers while traditional public schools lose vital resources. According to the latest accounting of charter school fraud, waste, and mismanagement, conducted by the Center for Popular Democracy, public funding of charter schools has grown to $40 billion annually while oversight of these schools has languished. CPD has identified over $223 million in public fund misuse by charters but argues this is merely “the tip of the iceberg.” The total estimated loss may top $2.1 billion, CPD calculates. As charters expand, the cost to public school systems is considerable, and many districts increasingly face financial insolvency as they lose students to these schools. Maybe that’s a subject Leonhardt can open his mind to. 406902 This entry was posted in Banana republic, Dubious statistics, Free markets and their discontents, Guest Post, Media watch, Politics, Privatization, Ridiculously obvious scams, Social policy on May 6, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/5/2017 Growing Inequality Under Global Capitalism → Subscribe to Post Comments 34 comments jackiebaass May 6, 2017 at 6:13 am The NY Times isn’t alone on using Charter School propagandist. Almost all corporate media does the same. Rarely do you see anything from educational experts that have valid research to debunk the lies. I’ve watched discussions on C-Span several times concerning charters and educational reform. Just recently C-Span had a session about charter schools and the guest was the lawyer that represented a charter school friendly organization. He outright lied and wasn’t challenged about the lies by the moderator. It got so deep that I thought about putting on hip boots to keep out of the crap. The whole so called reform movement has nothing to do with improving education for all. It’s all about privatizing education in the US and world. Neoliberalism at work. What is at stake is the pot gold at the end of the privatization rainbow. Reply ↓ Code Name D May 6, 2017 at 8:19 pm Indeed. Debunking research is notoriously hard to find – assuming it ever exists at all. Reply ↓ kimsarah May 7, 2017 at 1:27 am Bingo. Reply ↓ kimsarah May 7, 2017 at 1:28 am More legalized theft. Reply ↓ Doug May 6, 2017 at 6:41 am It’s worth revisiting James Bennet’s recent justification/defense of hiring climate change denier Bret Stephens as a regular NYT Op-ed contributor: ““The crux of the question is whether (Stephens’) work belongs inside our boundaries for intelligent debate, and I have no doubt that it does,” Bennet told me. “I have no doubt he crosses our bar for intellectual honesty and fairness.” With David Leonhardt’s tarted up promotion of charters, we get to add yet one more example to Stephens’ work to better understand what Bennet characterizes as the NYT’s “bar for intellectual honesty and fairness”. Evidently, to Bennett, The Times, Leonhardt and Stephens, “intellectual honesty” does not include accurate, coherent or complete sharing of facts. The Times should rephrase its standard for purposes of clearly communicating what readers can expect. Instead of ‘intellectual honesty’, the more accurate description of the Times’ policy is ’emotional honesty’. As Rodney King may or may not have said, “Come on people. Can’t we all just get along?” For the Times and Bennet, the lesson of Trump’s election is clear: We all need to get along with other folks by being emotionally honest with one another. Facts be damned. Reply ↓ sd May 7, 2017 at 4:18 am The New York Tart is a great nicname name for the former gray lady. Reply ↓ UserFriendly May 6, 2017 at 8:33 am I can’t say this is a subject I know all that much about, but the general impression I get of charter schools here in Minnesota is that they are reasonably well liked and managed. I think that in minneapolis at least parents have the option of sending their kids to any school in the district so they have used some charters / magnets (not sure if there is a difference there or not) to try and desegregate the schools. I don’t pay much attention to schools though so I could be totally wrong. I ask my friend, who is a parent, who to vote for with school board races and what not. Does anyone know off hand if their are some charter’s that are not as evil as others? Or is the whole thing just evil and I just haven’t been paying attention to the details? Reply ↓ nycTerrierist May 6, 2017 at 9:33 am I’d suggest googling ‘venture philanthropy and charter schools’. You’ll find ample background on charter schools and whose agenda they serve (hint: foundations like Walmart, Broad, Gates et al.) short summary: they replace education with testing and funnel public funds into private foundation coffers via sweetheart real estate deals. NC has covered this – perhaps a commenter can supply links to NC coverage? Reply ↓ UserFriendly May 6, 2017 at 9:46 am I know the broader charter project is evil, but I have also heard that it started off as a well intentioned idea that got hijacked, and I know that MN had the first charter schools. It’s not like it’s a pressing issue, I’m sure I could find out about it if I dug, I just thought I’d see if anyone had any off hand knowledge. Reply ↓ nycTerrierist May 6, 2017 at 10:43 am https://www.dissentmagazine.org/article/got-dough-how-billionaires-rule-our-schools Reply ↓ ejf May 6, 2017 at 11:12 am I know that in the ’90’s – can’t recall when – one or two charter schools in Mpls or St Paul got in BIG trouble with money and were forced to close. After that, I believe Minnesota had a pretty strong hand in regulating them. I haven’t heard much about Mpls or St Paul charters since. But then again I haven’t been in MN for some 10 years now. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 6, 2017 at 9:42 pm This was never a “well intentioned idea”. Privatization of public services = looting. Reply ↓ flora May 6, 2017 at 11:21 am Not forgetting Neil Bush and Mike Bloomberg. Unsurprising the NYT promotes anything that makes Wall St. money. ‘There’s gold in them thar students.’ Thanks for this post. Reply ↓ flora May 6, 2017 at 11:51 am adding: “…pro-voucher forces, largely funded by the Walton Family Foundation (of Walmart fame), encountered a series of stinging defeats at the ballot box and a rising tide of anti-voucher sentiment among the general public….. “For conservatives, the bipartisan unification for school choice established the slippery slope to potentially privatize public education. Moderate and lefty supporters of charter schools, on the other hand, got a Faustian bargain that gave them “education reformer” cred and the favor of Wall Street investors in exchange for colluding with the right wing.” See: Aesop’s fable The Farmer and the Snake. http://www.aesopfables.com/cgi/aesop1.cgi?2&TheFarmerandtheSnake&farmersnake.jpg&farmsnak2.ram Any wonder that Rahm called the left a bunch of idiots? Reply ↓ Paul Hirschman May 6, 2017 at 9:17 am Public education means all children are welcome to local schools. ALL. Public schools are “free and open to all.” They are run by residents elected by neighbors. It means schools are obligated to meet the needs of every student. Neither vouchers nor charters meet these basic criteria of being “free and open to all.” (And governed democratically.) What’s so damn hard for everyone to understand here? Vouchers and charters are attempts to avoid or deny “free education to all children.” Not some. All. Vouchers and charters are not required to withstand public scrutiny regarding how they operate. They are not required to keep every child in school NO MATTER WHAT, or to pay for homeschooling. Vouchers and charters select the students they want to educate, and they create methods of excluding kids they are not allowed to discriminate against out in the open. That’s not public education. Vouchers and charters are not required to teach the “hard cases.” Public schools are required to educate every child regardless of how difficult it may be to do so. Reply ↓ jackiebass May 6, 2017 at 9:23 am Magnets are a school within a school serving a special purpose and are operated by the school district. They could be called a lab school where new ideas can be tried and perhaps implemented if successful. Charters are funded by a school district but not operated by the school district. They can be operated by a for profit corporation or a so called non profit. States generally regulate charters so they are very different depending on the state. Some states carefully regulate and most states impose few or no regulations. In many states they are not accountable to anyone and become big money pits for the operators. Virtual charters or online charters are probably the worst and drain a lot of money from a school district while having a very poor track record. Research shows that very few charters do better than public schools and they are the ones that cherry pick who attends often getting rid of students that don’t fit in. A few do a as well as public schools and many charters do worse than public schools. I believe the money could be better spent on improving the public school system. A free public education for all is one of the basic things that made our country great. When our country was being settled a town usually had two things, a church and a school. Destroying our public school system would be destroying one thing that made our country great. Reply ↓ UserFriendly May 6, 2017 at 10:03 am Thank you. Reply ↓ Enquiring Mind May 6, 2017 at 10:36 am When I hear about business-oriented moderates and technocrats my mind immediately recalls all those stories about Robert McNamara best and brightest and their handiwork. Hearing that in a prior era, a few might have reached for their guns, and now a lot more reach to hold onto what is left in their wallets. Reply ↓ whiteylockmandoubled May 6, 2017 at 10:50 am silly, silly lefties. THESE people are bad parents. THEY have failed to instill proper values in their children. Since THEY took over our cities beginning in the late sixties, look at what’s happened — they’ve become sinks of corruption. And the worst sinks are the Boards of Education, where THEY take their soft PhDs and meaningless education degrees, and pretend to an intellectual and moral rigor that THEY neither have nor are capable of achieving. Not THEIR fault really, because look where THEY came from, but it would be silly to imagine that THEY could actually educate their children out of poverty for another several generations. THEY clearly need the discipline and rigor that really smart normal Americans bring to it, we who understand the order that competition and market values bring to the process of the intellectual and moral development of children. THEIR children, by the way, need a far different kind of nurturing than ours do. THEIR environment is so utterly chaotic that uniforms, military style discipline, public shaming for not understanding something, very carefully calibrated withdrawal of carefully enumerated privileges for the slightest breach of the rules, an emphasis on keeping quiet because lord knows THEY run amok at home, and just, in general, very high expectations or you’re expelled, is the only way to remedy THEIR parents’ failure. Charters and vouchers both are vehicles to remove THEIR power over failing school systems and allow those who really understand these matters to give THEIR children a chance at a successful life. And make a lot of money. /s Reply ↓ Robert Dannin May 6, 2017 at 11:25 am amen! mr. bryant is splitting hairs. it’s always been about privatization. long before the waltons got involved charters were conceived as a more expedient political route on the path to vouchers. anyone who failed to grasp that reality needs to accept their tacit complicity with the white supremacists who organized resistance to the Brown v Board of Education ruling. known variously as the CCA (Conservative Citizens of America) and CCC (Conservative Citizens Councils), their strategy evolved as a scheme to demand public money to fund private and parochial alternatives to racially integrated education. Reply ↓ CT May 6, 2017 at 11:17 am Hmmmm….no mention of the BASIS charter schools who consistently rank in the top of all schools nation and world wide. Reply ↓ Outis Philalithopoulos May 6, 2017 at 12:33 pm The focus of the post isn’t on single schools or single families of schools – this is true throughout the cited statistics. In any case, despite US News and World Report rankings, BASIS schools are fairly controversial; criticism often mentions low retention rates, intense focus on AP exams, and surprisingly high salaries for the founders. Reply ↓ Kurtismayfield May 6, 2017 at 1:30 pm Even in the public schools there is a push for everyone to take AP. The AP has really been ratcheting up the propaganda in the past few years. Reply ↓ Jeff Bryant May 6, 2017 at 2:27 pm Yep. More on how BASIS gets its “high performing” rating: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2017/03/30/what-the-public-doesnt-know-about-high-performing-charter-schools-in-arizona/?utm_term=.c896d7188031 Money graph: “A close look at BASIS provides insight into how charter schools can cherry-pick students, despite open enrollment laws. It also shows how through the use of management companies profits can be made — all hidden from public view.” Reply ↓ Octopii May 6, 2017 at 11:40 am Not sure why this is a surprise — the NYT and WaPo routinely have op-ed writers distorting facts and issues for the benefit of business interests against citizens. Reply ↓ glib May 6, 2017 at 7:00 pm who reads them anymore anyway. Reply ↓ kimsarah May 7, 2017 at 1:29 am Frankly, like the Democratic Party, they are irrelevant. Reply ↓ Scott May 6, 2017 at 5:57 pm The schools are hell for the students because ignorant people want more ignorance to prevail. The Trump era will be more of private prisons and more of public money given to those interested in making money off the school system which will send more students into the prisons. Reply ↓ FiddlerHill May 6, 2017 at 7:26 pm I’ve posted before on my own positive experience in Los Angeles removing my daughter from our middle-class suburban independent school district and placing her in an LA Unified charter school. I was very involved in monitoring her charter school’s performance and operation for seven years. And while I found the founder-directors of the school autocratic and impervious to criticism or advice, the school did provide my child with significant benefits: much smaller class sizes, a more varied and challenging curriculum, and a more cohesive sense of community. She is now thriving academically, intellectually and socially in her first year at a major international university, and many of her classmates were accepted at similarly first rank schools (Brown, USC, Johns Hopkins, NYU, etc.) I find it counter-productive that so much criticism of charters dwells on the abuses of for-profit charters, when in fact they account for a small proportion of charters. “Charter schools choose their own management structure: 67 percent of all charter schools are independently run non-profit, single site schools; 20 percent are run by non-profit organizations that run more than one charter school; and just under 13 percent are run by for-profit companies.” http://www.publiccharters.org/get-the-facts/public-charter-schools/faqs/ This article by Jeff Bryant claims that local school boards in many states (including California) which deny an application for a charter school are “frequently” overruled by county or state authorities. I clicked on the link Bryant offered in support of that — and found no concrete evidence that that is true in California. I know the founders of my daughter’s charter school were turned down my our local school district 12 years ago and our local board has yet to approve a single charter school in a community of 200,000. Bryant’s link did lead me to a WaPo piece in which a columnist wrote: “Charter operators say that they want to provide school choice, but, apparently, they aren’t interested in letting local school boards in California decide what choices to offer in their own district.” First, the author confuses the wishes of the school board with the wishes of the residents. They’re often two different things, for two major reasons. The school board is being asked to voluntarily give up X thousands of dollars for every child they allow to leave the school system and attend a charter. And the local teachers’ union, with whom the local board must contend, has a vested interest in making sure the district retains as many students as possible so as to retain as many teaching positions as possible. There’s a money issue as important as the corrupt profits of for-profit charters. The long-term advantages or disadvantages of charters strikes me as an incredibly complex and difficult question to assess. And the sort of knee-jerk demonizing of them which I see in too much of the progressive press doesn’t help to trying to sort that out. Reply ↓ Marina Bart May 6, 2017 at 7:57 pm You keep conflating your family’s positive experience with the system as a whole. In fact, the way these pernicious systems expand and steal from and corrupt the commons and the common good is by first offering something that the bourgeoisie can benefit from by using their social capital to their advantage. Your child getting a great experience from a charter is no more relevant to the overall systemic problem of charters than a customer using Uber in Manhattan in its early years and raving about how great the experience was for the price paid. The whole POINT of how Uber launched was to use massive VC funding to lure drivers with better wages temporarily while keeping customer prices low temporarily. Now, those skilled, professional drivers are starting to figure out they’ve been lied to, so they’re leaving, as the wages drop and the customer pricing is rising. So the customer experience is eroding. (And there’s also the rape, murder and data theft problems.) Uber does not have a sustainable business model. It was depending on being able to outrace existing regulatory systems to create a kind of monopoly. It doesn’t look like it will succeed, but if it did, the end result would not be a better ride-hailing experience for customers, and it would be extremely bad for drivers. But for Maureen Dowd, who raved about the joys of summoning what felt like a private servant for less than the price of a traditional taxi a couple years back, it was glorious. Like her with Uber, this rapacious and destructive charter system has been glorious for your family. Every child deserves a good and safe education, so I’m happy your child received one. But it would be helpful if privileged people like yourself could recognize that your anecdote does not in any way refute the critique of charters. In fact, it is is precisely how this process works. As with gentrification and many other economic phenomena, if you can game the process so that the middle and upper class temporarily benefits, you can entrench its predatory practices and break the social contract completely. You actually made the case here that charters are good because they have small class sizes, but teachers unions are bad because they want to protect jobs for teachers. How do you think you get small classes without more teachers? Perhaps teachers are not your enemy, and the world you inhabit might actually benefit with more people employed as teachers with the greater protections and benefits a union offers. Just a thought. Reply ↓ sd May 7, 2017 at 4:24 am What neighborhood do you live in? Reply ↓ screen screamer May 6, 2017 at 9:50 pm I’ve posted on this subject matter before. In our district, locally, the school board went on a building binge about ten years ago despite enrollment numbers that did not support the entire process. Indeed, the state and federal government disliked the idea so much that for one project, a high school, that the local board received no funding whatsoever from these entities. Instead the local tax payer footed the bill for an amount approaching $100,000,000. Not small change for our county. Ten years later, the board decided to close one of these brand new schools which now stands empty in honor of the stupidity of our local BOE. Teachers have been let go, communities changed and indeed in the events leading up to the closings of several schools, communities were heckling each other in meetings and shouting obscenities once outside the building. All done by the local BOE who wield political clout and have wasted an enormous amount of money. Given this background, is it any wonder people are weary of the locals whose job it was to protect the investment in public schooling in such a careless manner. When these types of actions are taken against the proletariat, what would be the natural outcome? Reply ↓ flora May 6, 2017 at 10:32 pm Ten years ago housing prices were rising and the tax base for local schools expanding. Then something happened: the housing crash and financial crisis. Austerity. Reduced tax revenues. It hit a lot of districts hard. Your description without the larger context fails to prove anything more than so much was spent then and now some of that expense looks to have been over expansion, in light of the financial crash that hit in 2008-9. I still remember Bernanke giving testimony in 2007 before Congress saying there was no housing bubble and low down payment without requiring mortgage insurance didn’t indicate a problem. If the Fed Chair is assuring Congress and the country that all is well it’s not surprising local BOEs would think expansion is a sound plan. Lots of communities got fooled by the the Fed’s pronouncements and expanded right before the Great Financial Crash hit. Reply ↓ screen screamer May 7, 2017 at 6:58 am Before building the high school that is in reference, the BOE was advised by both state and federal governments that no money was forthcoming for the project. That if they were to proceed with said project, that they were on their own. The population numbers that were presented at the time did not meet state and federal requirements for aid for this project. The BOE went ahead with the project on their own and sold bonds for the school to be built. This was a grift in which a small sub set of people made a fortune at the tax payers expense. The public school systems are political structures that take and spend an enormous amount of money on projects that are indeed wasteful. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Temporarily Sane on Andrew Bacevich: What Obsessing About Trump Causes Us To MissIt's great to see people from across the... gepay on Compassionate Capitalism in the Middle Ages: Profit and Philanthropy in Medieval Cambridgenot an expert on English history I went... different clue on Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin Signs Law Imposing Hefty Fines and Lengthy Jail Terms for Anti-Pipeline ProtestsWho can say? Different people will try different... different clue on Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin Signs Law Imposing Hefty Fines and Lengthy Jail Terms for Anti-Pipeline ProtestsAlso, I wonder, how much NatGas does Greater... MoiAussie on Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin Signs Law Imposing Hefty Fines and Lengthy Jail Terms for Anti-Pipeline ProtestsBeating them in the legislatures or the courts... Topics Africa (20) Australia (129) Auto industry (95) Banana republic (3,048) Banking industry (4,657) Brexit (53) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (571) Commodities (459) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,631) Curiousities (273) Currencies (908) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,484) Dubious statistics (584) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,786) Energy markets (510) Environment (460) Europe (627) Federal Reserve (1,269) Free markets and their discontents (1,435) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (331) Globalization (1,108) Guest Post (6,588) Health care (396) Hedge funds (418) Income disparity (981) India (18) Infrastructure (80) Investment banks (745) Investment management (503) Investment outlook (854) Japan (204) Legal (1,909) Links (3,075) Macroeconomic policy (979) Market inefficiencies (231) Media appearances (74) Media watch (875) Middle East (149) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (292) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,073) Private equity (517) Privatization (70) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,605) Ridiculously obvious scams (458) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (240) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,028) Social values (1,799) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (387) Technology and innovation (463) The destruction of the middle class (1,369) The dismal science (1,467) TPP (84) UK (120) Water Cooler (668) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 58° Full Menu 58° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Crime May 07, 2017 12:07 PM Police investigating purse-snatching in the Market Common By Emily Weaver eweaver@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Police are investigating a case of a reported purse-snatching at the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in the Market Common Saturday evening. A 73-year-old woman told police she was loading the groceries she had just purchased into her car when a sedan pulled up behind her shopping cart in the parking lot around 7:40 p.m. A white man driving the dark-colored sedan then reached out, grabbed the woman’s purse from the child seat area of the cart and sped away, according to an incident report. A witness confirmed the account to police, saying the suspect was a white male, mid-20’s to 30’s, in a black sedan tagged with what may have been a West Virginia plate. The woman’s purse contained her cellphone, a set of keys and various financial cards. The case remains under investigation. Emily Weaver: 843-444-1722, @TSNEmily LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 18 days ago Shooting Suspect Detained on Hawthorne Lane 0:31 18 days ago Shooting Suspect Detained on Hawthorne Lane 0:24 18 days ago Police detain one after Myrtle Beach shooting 1:58 3 months ago Mother takes pity on son's killer: 'Everybody deserves a second chance' View More Video Crime The masked gunman wasn’t there to steal money or merchandise. He was there for her. One man arrested in murder case. One girl still missing. Police need your help Authorities searching for missing 8-year-old girl after woman found dead in Marlboro County Woman arrested in undercover prostitution bust, report says ATF offering reward for information leading to arrest in Longs murder case Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Menu Subscribe Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd EqualEd Voices Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking USA Society Cover Story The new range war UNDERSTANDING EACH OTHER As a movement builds to sell off US public lands or hand control of them to the states, many ranchers and hunters are resisting. Here’s why. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Cover Story The new range war Difference Maker Having trouble getting a job as an older worker? This woman has some advice. Fried pickles and populism: a diner tour of Trump Country House hard-liners, known for obstruction, learning to govern Emmanuel Macron: The man who is 'not Le Pen' – and now president of France Popular Now USDA secretary announces halt on school nutrition standards Cover Story The new range war Difference Maker Having trouble getting a job as an older worker? This woman has some advice. First Look Trump administration sets sights on state recreational marijuana laws Fried pickles and populism: a diner tour of Trump Country Photos of the day 05/05 SUBSCRIBE Merill Beyeler, who runs a ranch outside Leadore, Idaho, wants public lands to stay public – not be sold to private interests or fall under state control. Ann Hermes/Staff | Caption Loading... Amanda Paulson Staff writer | @AmandaPaulson May 7, 2017 SALMON, IDAHO—Merill Beyeler bears the classic look of a Western rancher. He’s got the leathery face of someone who has spent a lot of time outdoors. He wears flannel shirts, jeans, and a bone-colored cowboy hat. Mr. Beyeler, whose family roots in Idaho’s Lemhi County extend back to the 1850s, is also a rock-ribbed Republican. True, in Idaho, one of the reddest states in the nation, most people are Republican. But in Lemhi County, a hauntingly beautiful expanse of bald, taupe mountains and verdant river valleys wedged up against the Montana border, virtually no one puts a Democratic bumper sticker on his or her pickup. So you’d think that people like Beyeler would be happy at the prospect of the new Trump administration, buttressed by one of the most conservative cabinets in decades, ushering in a dramatic change in the management of public lands in the West. You’d think that they would relish the prospect of federal agencies either opening up more expanses to ranchers and commercial interests or giving more control back to the states. You’d be wrong. While Beyeler occasionally chafes at the way federal lands are managed, he doesn’t want US Forest Service and Bureau of Land Management land opened up unconditionally to loggers or developers, or – worse – handed over to bureaucrats in Boise and sold off. “The reason you come home is that this is the soul of our people,” he says. “When you look at our public lands in that respect – as an economic driver and as the soul of our state – the idea of losing that, or risking that, is just too great.” As the Trump administration works to fashion an identity in Washington, one of the big questions is how much the federal government will change its stewardship of public lands in the West. With Republicans in control of Congress, many envision a significant shift in access to and development of public expanses similar to what happened under the Reagan administration 35 years ago. They believe it could be one of the signature achievements of the Trump era. A few on the right are even pushing for an outright transfer of some of those lands back to state control. Could you pass a US citizenship test? Yet others – including many Republicans – occupy a more pragmatic middle. Like Beyeler, they are looking for a recalibration rather than a land-management revolution. They believe that the natural landscape is as much a part of the region’s identity as coal seams and oil shale and requires at least some federal stewardship. And they believe firmly that public lands need to stay public – not sold off to private interests. When Rep. Jason Chaffetz (R) of Utah recently introduced a bill in Congress to sell 3.3 million acres of federal lands in the West, he was forced to withdraw the legislation days later because of the backlash from his own constituents, many of whom regularly fish for steelhead trout or hunt elk on federal lands. “I’ve been working in this field for 17 years, and no one has ever seen a congressman introduce a bill and then withdraw it within a week,” says Land Tawney, director of Backcountry Hunters and Anglers, a nonprofit that fiercely opposed the bill. “The sportsman community is about 70 percent conservative. We’re finding this is a unifying issue, with folks on both sides of the aisle. There can be nothing more American than our public lands.” The land-use decisions of the next four years will have the most impact in places like Lemhi County, which is 92 percent owned by the federal government. Few areas of the United States are more remote than the high desert sagebrush area here. Salmon, the county’s largest town, is 90 miles from a railroad, and 150 miles from an airport, the Interstate, or a Wal-Mart. The county is empty, stark, and stunning. Local ranchers and residents differ – even within families – over how public lands should be managed. But some of them are also working with government officials in a way that could become a model for solving future land wars in the West. Land-use decisions in Washington have a big impact on towns like Salmon, Idaho. Ann Hermes/Staff | Caption The battle over public lands and resources is as old as westward expansion itself. It extends from early fights over mining and water claims in the 1800s to the Sagebrush Rebellion of the 1970s to the anti-Washington “wise-use movement” of the 1980s and ’90s. The only constant in it all is the ebb and flow of tensions between Western residents and the largest landholder, Washington. “The political side of it dates all the way back to the creation of the country,” says Robert Keiter, a law professor at the University of Utah and director of the Wallace Stegner Center for Land, Resources, and the Environment. Last year, simmering frustrations about federal control over Western lands culminated most visibly in the occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in Oregon by militant ranchers. Yet Westerners’ grievances have been finding an outlet through various assaults in Washington as well. In late April, the Trump administration ordered the Interior Department to review some 30 places that have been designated national monuments over the past 20 years. The White House believes the designations have increasingly set aside more land than was intended under the 1906 Antiquities Act, costing the nation jobs. Environmentalists see the move undermining one of the most important tools for protecting national parks and public lands. The change could affect places such as the Bears Ears National Monument, in the red-rock area of southern Utah, which was protected in the waning days of the Obama administration. Several Utah lawmakers, including Mr. Chaffetz and Republican Rep. Rob Bishop, have been pressing to overturn the designation. (In response, the Outdoor Industry Association pulled a trade show, which brings about $45 million a year to Utah, from Salt Lake City.) Western lawmakers have also been pushing the idea of selling off some public lands to private parties, or transferring them to state ownership. And the Trump administration is trying to repeal a regulation that requires oil and gas firms operating on public lands to control their methane emissions.  Behind all the rebellious moves is the size of Washington’s real estate portfolio. The federal government owns 47 percent of all the land in 11 Western states. That ranges from a high of 85 percent in Nevada to a low of 30 percent in Montana.  “It’s a long-standing irritation, and at times it becomes more pronounced,” says Lynn Scarlett, global managing director for public policy for The Nature Conservancy and a former deputy Interior secretary under President George W. Bush. Ms. Scarlett says tensions have always simmered over how the federal government manages those lands in regard to energy development, mining, grazing rights, and endangered species. What’s new in the latest backlash, she says, is the focus on the lack of maintenance on public lands, which is largely the result of federal agencies getting less funding. Departments such as the Forest Service, BLM, and US Fish & Wildlife Service had hoped that highlighting the backlog of work would help them garner more funds. Instead, critics have just seized on the maintenance issues to buttress their argument that the federal government isn’t the right steward of public lands. “The bottom line is that we want our public lands to be managed in a way that’s responsible,” says Jennifer Fielder, a Montana state senator and chief executive officer of the American Lands Council, a leader in the call to transfer federal land to state control. “Those of us who live near here are sick of seeing the lock-it-up and let-it-burn policies out of Washington.” Senator Fielder says she watches the ineptitude from her living-room window in Montana. The Feds’ inability or unwillingness to thin underbrush and perform other basic management practices, she says, led to a wildfire last summer becoming much larger, and more expensive, than it needed to be. “Forty thousand acres burnt to a crisp, habitat destroyed,” she says. Others believe that having an absentee landlord isn’t the best way to care for property and that the people closest to the land are the ones who know best how to manage it – and should reap the benefits from it. “Without these lands, you can’t operate as a republican form of government inside your state,” says Jim Chmelik, a former Idaho county commissioner and a leader of the land-transfer movement. “If you don’t have access to your resources, you can’t provide good-paying jobs and you can’t provide a good quality of life.” Yet critics of shifting control to the states believe it will either lead to lands being sold off to private interests or an oil derrick being put on top of every ridge, despoiling the natural beauty that attracts people from around the country – and contributes to regional economies. States also have far fewer resources than Washington to manage the vast public expanses. And most states are required to balance their budgets, which could put pressure on them to sell lands in lean times, even if they vow not to do so. As proof, critics point out that 11 Western states were granted a total of almost 77 million acres of land at statehood. They’ve sold off about 44 percent of those lands. Nevada, granted 2.7 million acres at its founding, now has just 3,000 acres of public state land.  “Study after study has shown states can’t afford” to manage public lands well, says Mr. Tawney of Backcountry Hunters and Anglers. ‘Old-time customs and culture – that’s the way we like it,’ says Wayne Butts, a Custer County (Idaho) commissioner, referring to the need for ranching, mining, and logging on federal lands. Ann Hermes/Staff | Caption Just south of Lehmi lies Custer County – home of some of the most spectacular wilderness in Idaho. The celebrated Middle Fork of the Salmon River flows through the area, and the rugged Sawtooth Mountains rise steeply from the plains. It’s the third largest county in Idaho, but home to barely 4,000 people. Roughly 96 percent of the county is federal land. “Custer County is the size of Connecticut, but we have one sheriff and four deputies,” says Wayne Butts, a county commissioner who has lived in Challis, the county seat, since he was 8. “There’s no tax bases.” Sitting next to the warmth of a wood-burning stove in his small-motor repair shop, he ticks off the economic limitations of living in a remote area: The county has a 100-year-old jail with just six beds in one room, making it impossible to house men and women at the same time. Local roads are in desperate need of repair, but no money exists to fix them. A decrease in grazing rights on federal lands has led to fewer ranchers, resulting in less local revenue. A molybdenum mine, once the county’s largest employer, shut down in 2014. People come from all over the country to hike, fish, and play in Custer County, but don’t add much to the economy, says Mr. Butts: Many of them drive in from Boise, bring their own food and camping supplies. They don’t even buy gas in Custer. “Old-time customs and culture – that’s the way we like it,” says Butts. To him, that means ranching, mining, logging. He’s frustrated that federal lands increasingly seem to be managed to inhibit those activities. Still, despite all those irritations, Butts isn’t willing to back transferring lands to state ownership unless he sees a budget proposal that makes sense to him. He thinks either the state or local communities could do a better job managing the lands, but he is well aware of the costs involved. Instead, he wants to see limits put on turning any more private land into public land and hopes that the Trump administration and Republican Congress will help roll back some of the more onerous environmental protections on federal lands that already exist. A few dozen miles to the east of Challis, in the shadow of Idaho’s tallest peak, Mt. Borah, Steve Smith shares many of Butts’s grievances. Mr. Smith and his parents live on his family’s 2,800-acre ranch, where they have a herd of 400 cows. Just a mention of public lands is enough to set Smith and his father, Wiley, off, venting about their years of vexation in dealing with the BLM and Forest Service. This has included navigating around what they see as burdensome protections for the sage grouse, as well as a BLM water-rights claim that took them years to defeat. Yet even this father and son don’t agree on whether control of public lands should be shifted from Washington to the states. Despite his virulent criticism of federal management, Wiley doesn’t believe states have the resources to care for public lands. Steve would like to see a modest transfer – perhaps 2 percent of total holdings – provided states have a plan for how they will manage the areas. “The ranchers, the miners, the loggers – they’re the ones that have taken care of these areas,” he says. “[Federal officials] put a black mark on those industries and don’t see that [the land] has been in their care for 150 years.” Others are more adamant in their opposition to state control. On a cold, rainy Saturday in March, nearly 3,000 people gathered at the State Capitol in Boise to support public lands staying public – and under federal stewardship. The demonstration attracted plenty of traditional environmentalists, but also hunters, anglers, and dirt-bike riders. “Rednecks and hippies unite!” read one sign. “I fill my freezer on public lands,” said another. In between various chants – such as “Keep public lands in public hands!” – the crowd listened to speakers ranging from a member of the Shoshone-Bannock Tribes to a fifth-generation Idaho woman who talked of accompanying her mother on her first moose hunt when she was 8 days old. “I hunt and I fish on public lands,” says Travis Long, who came to the rally from Kuna, Idaho, outfitted in camouflage. “I’ve got four kids and I want to make sure public lands remain that way.” Volunteers Chris Gaughan, Scott Brand, Laurel Faurot, and Brady Bever smooth a trail near Salmon, Idaho, as part of an Earth Day event organized by a local natural resource collaborative. Ann Hermes/Staff | Caption It is too early to know what a Trump administration will mean for public lands. Much of the push to undermine the power of federal oversight agencies, or to transfer or sell off public lands, is coming from Congress, and President Trump’s Interior secretary, Ryan Zinke, has repeatedly said he would never transfer or sell them. “I think we’re in a better place with [Mr. Trump and Mr. Zinke] than we would have been with others interviewed for the Interior secretary, or with Ted Cruz,” says Whit Fosburgh, president and chief executive officer of the Theodore Roosevelt Conservation Partnership, a nonprofit that represents sportsmen and sportswomen. At the same time, Mr. Fosburgh and other conservation leaders say they’re concerned about legislation that has been passed or proposed. In March, for instance, the Trump administration rescinded Barack Obama’s three-year moratorium on coal leases on federal land. A proposed bill in Congress would strip the Forest Service and BLM of their law enforcement powers, putting the job of policing environmental and other rules in the hands of local sheriffs. “It’s one more attempt to weaken management of public lands,” says Fosburgh. Trump’s proposed budget also includes a 12 percent cut to the Interior Department, which could make maintenance of public lands even more problematic and give states more leverage in their quest to take over.  Eventually, it’s possible that some of the hostility to Washington’s handling of public lands will die down under the new administration. The Sagebrush Rebellion subsided once Reagan came to power. “In the big picture politically, it would not surprise me if [the transfer movement] slowly disappears from the radar screen with Republicans in control of Congress and the White House,” says Mr. Keiter, the Utah law professor. “It works as an oppositional strategy to more progressive or environmentally friendly policies of Democratic administrations.” Ranchers Carl Lufkin (l.) and Merill Beyeler chat as they survey cattle on Mr. Lufkin’s land outside Leadore, Idaho. Ann Hermes/Staff | Caption Perhaps the best hope for ending the standoffs over public lands is a more collaborative approach in the canyons and valley floors of the West itself – far from the politics of Washington and statehouses. One such effort is under way in Salmon, where ranchers, federal agencies, and conservation groups are finding common ground. “What doesn’t get attention is the really good, responsible, productive work taking place on the Western landscape,” says Beyeler, the Lemhi County rancher. At the same time that the Malheur standoff was occurring, he notes, the Forest Service and BLM were working with a local rancher to help him get seven miles of pipeline approved in an area that includes an important salmon spawning tributary. Endangered sockeye salmon travel more than 900 miles, up 6,500 feet of elevation, to spawn in rivers and lakes here. “It was a collaborative process,” says Beyeler. “I worry that this tension on whether the state or federal government should own [public lands] distracts from the collaborative work.” Tom Page, another Salmon Valley rancher, got into ranching in part because he wanted to see if he could do it in a conservation-minded way – and make money. He is surprised by how hard it has been to navigate all the environmental rules and by how difficult lawsuits filed by activists make it for local landowners. When he recently sought to get approval for 200 feet of fence on his grazing allotment, to keep cows from straying into restricted forest land, federal officials told him not to apply for the permit. Because it would disturb fish and sage grouse habitat, the US Forest Service “knows they have to write a thick document for those 200 feet of fence,” says Mr. Page, and that they’re likely to be sued by environmentalists – which was not worth it, in their view, for such as small project. The Upper Salmon area, Page agrees, has become a model for conservation and collaboration – but only because it has nonprofits and both federal and private money helping to support that work. In rural counties with less federal attention, there tends to be a lot less trust, he says. Bob Cope has seen both cooperation and conflict. A large man with a deep voice and earthy sense of humor, he is a veterinarian for all the local ranchers as well as a Lemhi County commissioner. He has served on numerous state and federal committees representing Western interests. With face-to-face collaboration and local involvement, he says public-lands disputes are solvable. But he understands people’s frustrations, especially when they see onerous rules being made by people back East. “We can work with our federal officials, but [local people] get handcuffed,” he says. “We’ve had management by legislation and litigation. There’s still a lot of mistrust on both sides…. People feel like they have no voice.” Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign Up × Over on the 25,000-acre ranch he’s managed for 20 years, Shane Rosenkrance epitomizes the attitude of many people in this part of Idaho. He harbors a deep love for the lands he manages and the public holdings that surround them. Mr. Rosenkrance points to the imposing peaks rising out of the desert floor – the Lost River Range, the Pioneer Mountains, Mt. Borah. He wants them to remain in federal hands and not be sold to individuals who might turn them into their own private preserves. “You can go anywhere you want,” says Rosenkrance, whose family has lived in the valley for seven generations. “Residents appreciate that more than anyone. But we don’t want some guy in New York telling us how to manage these lands, or to lock them up.” Did this story deliver on 'UNDERSTANDING EACH OTHER'?    Thanks for your feedback. Great, thanks for your feedback. Please share this story! Give us your feedback, please. Give us your feedback, please. We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Submit   Thank you for contacting The Christian Science Monitor. Next Up Could you pass a US citizenship test? Can the president shrink – or even eliminate – national monuments? By Amanda Paulson Clash over Bears Ears tests years of progress on Native spirituality By Henry Gass Photos of the Day Photos of the day 05/05 Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 30s You’re finally getting settled into your career, thinking about family and bigger responsibilities. But are your finances where you need them to be? Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) May 7, 2017 at 8:00AM In this segment from Motley Fool Answers, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp break down a proper investing and retirement strategy by decade. Here, they turn their attention to our 30s -- we're buying homes, getting married, and having kids. Financially speaking, the team says there are a few things you should be making a real priority at this stage in life: establishing your career, matching your financial needs to your family needs, and potentially buying a house. They also share one of the biggest financial mistakes people make in their 30s. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on April 18, 2017. Alison Southwick: Your 30s are an exciting time. You're hitting all the major milestones. Marriage, home ownership, kids, and a career. You're making a lot of decisions and because of those aforementioned kids, probably on very little sleep. Robert Brokamp: So true. Southwick: So what should be your priorities in your 30s? Brokamp: Well, you touched on it there. Number one is really your career, and that is being very strategic about your career. Your job is going to determine so much about your finances. Your income. Your benefits. Your retirement. The quality of your 401(k) and whether you have a pension will be a big factor in your retirement savings. And even, of course, your happiness. So you want to make sure you have a job that you enjoy, but I think it's very important to be strategic about it and to continually come up with ways to make yourself more valuable to your employer, to your colleagues, and to your customers. Number two is to arrange your finances for a family. That has several aspects. First of all, it's a slightly bigger emergency fund. It's time to get life insurance. You probably haven't thought about that, but once you have kids you really need to get life insurance. It's also time to finally get an estate plan. The majority of people in America don't. According to a Gallup poll last year, only 44% of Americans have a will. But once you have kids, you need to set up your finances in a way to take care of them in case something happens to you. And then the third priority in your 30s is to maybe buy a house. Southwick: Maybe? Brokamp: We've talked before about how it's maybe not the best thing in the world, but most people do, especially once they have a family. Just keep in mind that you want to be buying a house you're going to be happy with for at least six years and ideally a decade. Southwick: And how much should you have saved for retirement in your 30s? Brokamp: Once you're at around 30, you want to be aiming for about one-half of your household income. By the time you're in your mid-30s, you want to have about one to two times your household income stashed away in your 401(k)s and your IRAs. You can also add other things to that. Maybe employee stock if you receive it. Maybe home equity if you plan to downsize when you retire. But for the most part you're really just looking at how much money you've saved in your retirement accounts. Southwick: And what's the biggest mistake to avoid in your 30s? Brokamp: I would say buying too much car and replacing it too soon. Remember when we're all in our 20s, we're driving a piece of junk. And finally once we're in our 30s, we have a little bit of money. We decide to buy a car. Maybe we buy too much of a car, or too nice of a car, and we sell it too soon. According to IHS Automotive, the average new car purchased [is kept] for about 6.6 years, which is actually longer than it used to be. So people are getting this message, but the average life span of a car that's on the road, now, is almost 12 years. In other words, they could keep that car longer, but they choose not to. But you think of even just putting off a new car purchase a year what the average monthly payment is now -- between $400 and $500 --and that's several thousand dollars more you can save just by keeping that car for another year. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info May 7, 2017 at 8:00AM Investment Planning Read More The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 70s Are Your Finances Harming Your Health? The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 40s 3 Ways Your Credit Card Might Come to Your Rescue When Do Most Americans Claim Social Security? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 30s @themotleyfool #stocks
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Legal Notices Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Wrestling Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Field Hockey Football Gymnastics Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Wrestling Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Arts Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette New Jersey Opinion Pitman bakery revival shows Main Street grit | Editorial Updated on May 7, 2017 at 8:52 AM Posted on May 7, 2017 at 8:51 AM 21 Gallery: Broadway Bakery in Pitman, May 3, 2017 By South Jersey Times Editorial Board Broadway in downtown Pitman has its bakery back. That's good news for people who live nearby, but it's better news for everyone who believes that it is not our destiny for every cannoli in America to be produced by Walmart. The Broadway Bakery, with a grand opening today, is a testament to the resiliency of small business on South Jersey's main streets. With the often-noted exceptions of Haddonfield and Collingswood, it has been tough for everyday, walkable stores to compete with strip shopping centers or with enclosed regional malls whose demise is not as rapid as some reports suggest.  Even in places like Haddonfield, some spaces are empty and others have fallen victim to the invasion of the chain snatchers. Not that it's a bad thing for there to be a Starbucks at the corner of Kings Highway and Haddon Avenue, but it reduces the variety and uniqueness of the business district. In Pitman, new bakery owners Christine and Michael Mastrocola are the second oven lovers to try to make a go of the space since the original Pitman Bakery, whose owners had it for 44 years, closed it to gasps from longtime fans in 2012. Reviving a memory didn't turn out to be enough for a couple who bought and reopened the bakery in 2014. It lasted about year. The Mastrocolas, who are a brother and sister, seem to have the bona fides to succeed. They hail from South Philadelphia, a neighborhood that knows a few things about bakeries with long legacies. They now live in nearby Washington Township, close enough to provide continuous hands-on management. And, they've been bread bakers for several years, perfecting some of their own recipes. It's lucky for us that for every shop owner who blames big-box stores, minimum-wage laws, health care costs or high taxes for closing a business, there are others with the optimism of the Mastrocolas. They believe their craft and distinct offerings can overcome traditional excuses for why a start-up bakery or similar business might fail.  While they've done much to restore the look of their iconic shop, Christine Mastrocola actually discourages customers from making comparisons to the original Pitman Bakery. She says, "... I tell them 'We aren't Pitman Bakery. We're us and you should give us a try.' " So, whether it's an ethnic restaurant that brings new, diverse customers to an area, a cycle store whose veteran owners know more about matching customers to the right bicycle than a carload of Target associates ever will, or a spot selling handcrafted items unavailable anywhere else on the planet -- our hats are off to everyone in South Jersey who runs a retail business on a few sound principles and a lot of good faith. They're committed to what they sell. They're invested in the neighborhood where they operate. They're pleased when customers take their expert advice. They know, going in, that they can't succeed by stocking the same commodity merchandise as ShopRite or Home Depot and complaining that they have to charge more for it. Of course, public policy decisions -- from local zoning rules to federal workplace standards -- can affect the potential of Main Street businesses. But most of the ones that make it have owners with an outlook bright enough for a sunglass shop. Send a letter to the editor of South Jersey Times at sjletters@njadvancemedia.com Bookmark NJ.com/Opinion. Follow on Twitter @NJ_Opinion and find NJ.com Opinion on Facebook. nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Legal Notices Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Search Follow Us! StockTwits Twitter Toggle navigation ETF News Best ETFs Best ETF Categories Upgrades/Downgrades SMART Grades™ ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class ETF Newsletter Search Visualizing America’s Retail Apocalypse May 7, 2017 7:22am NYSE:XRT ShareTweet From Tyler Durden: The steady rise of online retail sales should have surprised no one. As Visual Capitalist’s Jeff Desjardins notes, back in 2000, less than 1% of retail sales came from e-commerce. However, online sales have climbed each and every year since then, even through the Great Recession. By 2009, e-commerce made up about 4.0% of total retail sales, and today the latest number we have is 8.3%. Here’s another knowledge bomb: it’s going to keep growing for the foreseeable future. Huge surprise, right? Courtesy of: Visual Capitalist SIGNS OF A RECKONING Retailers eye their competition relentlessly, and the sector also has notoriously thin margins. The big retailers must have seen the “retail apocalypse” coming. The question is: what did they do about it? Well, companies like Sears failed the shift to digital altogether – in fact, it is even widely speculated that the former behemoth might file for bankruptcy later this year. The majority of other companies, on the other hand, are trying to combine “clicks and bricks” into a cohesive strategy. This sounds good in theory, but for established and sprawling brick and mortar retailers with excessive overhead costs, such tactics may not be enough to ward off this powerful secular trend. Target, for example, has had impressive growth in online sales, but they still only make up just 5% of total sales. As a result, the company’s robustness is also in doubt. Wal-Mart took another route, which could potentially be the smartest one. The company hedged their bets by buying Jet.com, which was one of the fastest growing online retailers at the time. Later, they followed up by buying an online shoe retailer to help fill a perceived gap in footwear. Recent reports have surfaced, saying that these acquisitions are leading to staff shakeups, as the company re-orients its focus. After all, going online is not just a tactic to boost sales in the new era of retailing. It has to be a mindset, and one that is central to the company’s strategy. Hopefully Wal-mart gets that, otherwise they will also be in trouble as well. APOCALYPSE NOW In the midst of all of this is what is described as the “retail apocalypse”. There are two main metrics that are pretty black and white: Number of Bankruptcies: We’re not even one-third through 2017, and we already have about as many retail bankruptcies as the previous year’s total. If they continue at the current pace, we could see over 50 retailers bankrupt by the end of the year. Number of Store Closings: So far we’ve seen roughly 3,000 store closings announced in 2017, and Credit Suisse estimates that could hit 8,600 by the end of the year. That would easily surpass 2008’s total, which was 6,200 closings, to be the worst year in recent memory. Here’s some of the companies that have already filed for bankruptcy: Gordmans Stores Gander Mountain Radioshack (again) HHGregg BCBG Max Azria Eastern Outfitters Wet Seal The Limited Vanity Shop of Grand Forks Payless Inc. MC Sports And here are the store closings occurring as a result of the retail apocalypse: The SPDR S&P Retail ETF (NYSE:XRT) closed at $43.39 on Friday, up $0.62 (+1.45%). Year-to-date, XRT has declined -1.54%, versus a 7.23% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. XRT currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of B (Buy), and is ranked #34 of 45 ETFs in the Consumer-Focused ETFs category. This article is brought to you courtesy of ZeroHedge. Tags: E-Commerce Equity NYSE:XRT retail Categories: NYSE:XRT Read Next The Retail Sector’s Recent Woes Are About To Get Even Worse The Death Of Traditional Retail Is Accelerating Retail ETFs Shrug Off Very Weak February Sales Data Retail ETFs Under Fire As U.S. Department Store Sales Suffer Biggest Drop In History Retail ETFs: Buy Low Opportunity or Avoid? Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Dow Jones Industrial Average Tops 21K, As Safehaven Assets Plunge Here’s Why Oil Prices Plunged This Week Analyst: Oil Could Drop Below $30 Per Barrel Again Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
WWD logo x WWD logo search Close SUBSCRIBE TO WWD logo Fashion Chiara Ferragni Gets Engaged to Italian Rapper Bridget Foley's Diary: It's All Relative, Words and Numbers Included Dior to Show Cruise in Santa Monica Mountains Nature Preserve Sustainability Key to Protecting Fashion Industry Profits: Report Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Emmanuel Macron Wins France’s Presidential Election Fashion Figures Cheer Election of Macron as French President Deborah Nicodemus Talks Moda Operandi’s Old-Fashioned Values Wal-Mart Getting Closer to Amazon With New Auto-Order Patent Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Evoté Skin Care Syncs With the Body’s Circadian Rhythm Importance of Digital Discussed at Milan’s Beauty Summit Elemis Partners With Misha Nonoo for Travel Bag Jane Hertzmark Hudis Honored by Mother’s Day Committee Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Lardini Opens First Store in Japan Rodd & Gunn CEO Discusses U.S. Rollout Plan Christian Louboutin, Federico Curradi and Alanui to Host Events During Pitti Uomo Palace Opens First U.S. Store Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway Randi Rahm Bridal Spring 2018 Michael Kors Collection Fur 2017 Zuhair Murad Bridal Spring 2018 Fleur du Mal RTW Fall 2017 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Privé Porter Opens Private Town House to Resell Birkins Puma Introduces Netfit, a New Lacing Technology Tod's Scales Back Fashion as Turnaround Goes On René Caovilla Selected as Representative of Italian Footwear at Venice Biennale Exhibition Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Rihanna Partners With Donna Karan, The New School's Parsons School of Design Miranda Kerr, Dakota Johnson Attend Cartier Panthère Fete in Los Angeles Emma Watson, Zac Efron, Cara Delevingne Turn Out for MTV Movie & TV Awards New York City Ballet's Young Guns: Eight Rising Dancers to Watch Parties People Lifestyle Real Estate Dirt … Fairchild Live Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Follow Us twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest Advertise About WWD logo Terms & Conditions © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation Today's Digital Daily WWD logo Sections Fashion. Beauty. Business. Subscribe Log in search Fashion Fashion Trends Fashion Features Fashion Scoops Designer & Luxury Ready-To-Wear Sportswear Intimates Activewear Textiles Denim Street Style Business Financial Government & Trade Mergers & Acquisitions Legal Human Resources Marketing & Promotion Retail Markets Media Beauty Beauty Features Skin Care Fragrance Color Cosmetics Hair Men’s Retail/Business Fashion Lifestyle Designer & Luxury Sportswear Clothing/Furnishings Runway 2017 Fall Ready-to-Wear 2017 Men’s Fall Collections 2017 Pre-Fall 2017 Men’s Spring Collections 2017 Resort 2017 Spring Ready-to-Wear Accessories Jewelry Footwear Handbags Leather Goods Watches Eyewear Hats, Gloves and More Eye Parties People Lifestyle Real Estate Dirt Fairchild Live Retail Markets Media Classifieds Careers Business Fashion Figures Cheer Election of Macron as French President clock 9h • Jennifer Weil and Joelle Diderich Fashion Prada Unveils Resort 2018 Collection in Milan clock 15h • Luisa Zargani Business Forever 21 Said to be Considering Freestanding Beauty Boutiques clock May 5, 2017 • Allison Collins Fashion Fashion Scoops London Sunday Times Publishes Rich List, With Brexit a Big Wealth Factor Samuel, Donald Newhouse are reported to have a joint fortune of $27.06 billion. By Samantha Conti on May 7, 2017 Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Queen Elizabeth II ANDY RAIN/EPA/REX/Shutterstock THE WEALTH DIARIES: The 2017 Sunday Times of London Rich List is out, ranking British — and international — billionaires and millionaires whose wealth reflects the shape-shifting world economy over the past 12 months. The 29th annual edition of the list includes Britain’s 1,000 richest people, and the compilers argue that many of the 134 billionaires were able to amass even more wealth from the “post-Brexit boom” last year, which fueled the stock market and pushed down the value of the pound. New money, they said, came mainly from the city of London, property and manufacturing. “While many of us worried about the outcome of the EU referendum, many of Britain’s richest people just kept calm and carried on making billions,” said Robert Watts, who compiled the list. A sidebar to the main story is the International Rich List, which is even more interesting than the British one. At number one is the Walton family, owners of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., whose net worth is estimated to be 100.6 billion pounds, or $136.82 billion; at number four is Inditex owner Amancio Ortega, with a fortune of 63.5 billion pounds, or $86.36 billion; while at number 12, there’s Bernard Arnault, whose net worth is calculated to be 35.2 billion pounds, or $47.87 billion. Alibaba’s Jack Ma ranks at 19, with a fortune of 26.7 billion pounds, or $36.31 billion. He is followed by Axel Dumas, whose family owns the publicly-quoted Hermes, with 22.2 billion pounds, or $30.19 billion. Samuel and Donald Newhouse, the owners of Condé Nast, are estimated to have a joint wealth of 19.9 billion pounds, or $27.06 billion. They are even richer than the Chanel owners Alain and Gerard Wertheimer, whose wealth is estimated to be 18.9 billion pounds, or $25.7 billion. Number one on the British list are brothers Sri and Gopi Hinduja, whose money comes from industry, oil, finance and the automotive business. Their combined wealth is 16.2 billion pounds, or $22.03 billion. The brothers are developing a five-star hotel in the Old War Office in Westminster, with a ballroom, pool, spa and two wine cellars, according to the paper. Steel magnate Lakshmi Mittal, a former number one on the British list, came in at number four, his wealth estimated at 13.23 billion pounds, or $17.99 billion, while the Weston family — Guy, George and Galen Jr. — were ranked at number seven with a fortune of 10.5 billion pounds, or $14.28 billion, down 500 million pounds, or $680 million, due to a slide in share price of Associated British Foods, parent of Primark. Nicholas Oppenheimer and his family ranked at number 19, with a wealth estimated at 5.53 billion pounds, or $7.52 billion, while Richard Branson is reported to be worth 4.87 billion pounds, or $6.62 billion. Newlyweds Alejandro Santo Domingo and Lady Charlotte Wellesley are newcomers to the list, ranking at 17 with a combined wealth of 3.86 billion pounds, or $5.25 billion. Fancy yellow diamond experts and art collectors Laurence and Francois Graff are at number 33 with a joint fortune of 3.64 billion pounds, $4.95 billion, while François-Henri Pinault and Salma Hayek, who now reside in London, came in at number 34, with a combined wealth of 3.44 billion pounds, or $4.68 billion. Overall, the Pinault family wealth is estimated to be 13.45 billion pounds, or $18.29 billion. Sir Philip Green, who’s had a rough year due to the BHS pension drama, saw his ranking drop to number 41. His estimated wealth is now 2.79 billion pounds, or $3.79 billion. His fortune is estimated by the Sunday Times to have decreased by 433 million pounds, or $589 million, due to the hefty check he’s written to cover the BHS pension gap, as well as reduced assets and falling sales at his retailing group Arcadia. Stephen Rubin and his family, owners of the sporting goods company Pentland, are ranked at number 52, with a wealth of 2.3 billion pounds, or $3.13 billion. To put all those fortunes into context, Queen Elizabeth, who is still working, aged 91, is ranked at number 329 on the list, with a net worth of 360 million pounds, or $490 million. The money comes from her investment portfolio (mostly blue-chip British stocks) as well as personal property, such as land, jewels and inheritance. Last week, her husband Prince Philip, announced he would retire in the autumn, following his 96th birthday next month. You're missing something! Activate your FREE PREVIEW now. François-Henri Pinault Jack Ma queen elizabeth ii Sir Philip Green Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk load comments blog comments powered by Disqus Essentialist Today's Must Read Fashion Karl Lagerfeld Interviews French Astronaut in Space clock May 6, 2017 • Joelle Diderich Latest Galleries MTV Movie & TV Awards 2017, Los Angeles All The Looks From The Prada Resort 2018 Show They Are Wearing: Tbilisi Fashion Week Fall 2017 FREE ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Social Studies @wwd "The themes and the issues are very universal and they’re very deep, so I never wanted to be cavalier with it." - Zoe Saldana on "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" (📷: Dan Doperalski) @wwd Inside look at Karl Lagerfeld's one-time Monaco Mansion. The designer occupied it for about a decade during the Eighties and Nineties. #wwdeye #nomadmonaco (📷: @nomadmonaco) @wwd Street style at Tbilisi Fashion Week. #theyarewearing (📷: @vannibassetti) @wwd Audrey Hepburn and Ralph Lauren during the final fitting for "Gardens of the World," a PBS special hosted by Hepburn in 1990. #wwdarchive (📷: David Turner) @wwd @karllagerfeld taking his bow with Hudson Kroenig at @chanelofficial's cruise show. #wwdfashion (📷: @bunnun88) @wwd The finale at @chanelofficial's cruise show in Paris. #wwdfashion (📷: @bunnun88) More From Our Brands Footwear News Amber Rose, Jordana Brewster & More Celebs Who Sizzled in Sandals at the 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards 3h Ago Fairchild Live 2017 WWD Beauty Summit 3 months Ago Variety John Oliver Makes Another Rallying Cry To Save Net Neutrality 3h Ago BGR Important iOS apps are still leaking data, months after flaw revealed 8h Ago Never Miss a Fashion Moment Subscribe Today WWD down caret About Us Advertising Careers Classifieds WWD Magic Legal down caret Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions FAQ Digital Daily FAQ Customer Service down caret WWD Subscriptions twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest © Copyright 2017  -  Penske Media Corporation twitter facebook Instagram LinkedIn Pinterest ad
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 20s You’ve got your first real job, your first real place, and probably a boatload of debt. While you’re dealing with those immediate issues, here’s what not to forget. Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) May 7, 2017 at 7:00AM In this segment from Motley Fool Answers, Alison Southwick and Robert Brokamp break down a proper investing and retirement strategy by decade. First, the duo talks about people in their 20s. Early adulthood is often challenging on the financial front, which is why many young people get stuck focusing on short-term issues . . . like this month's bills. But Bro says you should actually be focused on three things: long-term investing for your retirement, paying down debt, and getting your credit score buffed up. He also warns us about the biggest financial mistake people make at this age. A full transcript follows the video. This podcast was recorded on April 18, 2017. Alison Southwick: So let's start with our listeners in their 20s. Your 20s are an exciting time. You're starting to adult, you're shopping at IKEA, and you're thinking maybe you should maybe, at some point maybe kind of a little bit, start thinking about your finances some more. Robert Brokamp: Maybe a little bit. The very first thing you should think about, because I'm the retirement guy at the Fool, is saving for your retirement, and if you start in your 20s you should be shooting for maybe 10% if not 15% of your income. That is how much you contribute to your accounts and you can throw in your employer match, as well. So if you're contributing 10% and the match is 5%, then you've hit that 15%. If you wait until you're in like your mid-30s to start saving for retirement, then you have to start targeting like 15% to 25%, so starting soon is definitely better. The other thing you want to focus on in your 20s is paying off debt. Many people graduate with student loans. They might have gotten those credit cards in college that came with a free t-shirt and then maybe used them a little too much, so you want to focus on paying down that debt. And one of the best things about paying off that debt is you will start building your credit score, and that is a third priority of your 20s. We've talked about this in previous episodes. Your credit score will determine so much about your financial life: whether you can get a loan, the interest rate on a loan, insurance rates, employers, and all types of things. So this is a time when you want to focus on building a great credit score and the most important thing about your credit score is basically making your payments on time. Southwick: All right. How much money should you have saved for retirement in your 20s? Brokamp: [For] the average person in their mid-20s, the average income in the U.S. is anywhere between $30,000 and $40,000. It's not a lot, [but] basically as long as you're starting, that's good. You want to target to have at least about half of your income in retirement accounts by the time you get to your 30s. Southwick: And then what about a mistake to avoid? What's the number one mistake to avoid in your 20s? Brokamp: I would say the biggest mistake is getting married too soon. When you look at divorce statistics, according to the Department of Labor, people who get married between the ages of 15 and 22 ... Southwick: Yes, that's rough. Brokamp: ... the divorce rate is 58%. You wait until between 23 and 28, it is closer to 43%. Once you make it into your 30s or so, it's 36%. So I think the longer you wait, the better your odds that you will stay married. Why is that good for your finances? Well, divorce is very expensive. It can cost anywhere from a few hundred dollars to tens of thousands. The average is around $10,000 to $15,000. You have to split up all your assets, and of course there's an emotional toll. So one mistake I think people should avoid is wait until you are absolutely convinced you have found the right person to marry. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Motley Fool Staff (the_motley_fool) None Article Info May 7, 2017 at 7:00AM Investment Planning Read More The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 70s Are Your Finances Harming Your Health? The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 40s 3 Ways Your Credit Card Might Come to Your Rescue When Do Most Americans Claim Social Security? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The Best Investing and Retirement Advice for Your 20s @themotleyfool #stocks
POLITICO Magazine Menu Our Latest Search politico.com Google Plus Facebook Twitter Search Close Trevor Paulhus for Politico Magazine The POLITICO Mag Profile Tomi Lahren Will Not Shut Up Glenn Beck cut loose the right’s hottest new media star. But she’s not going away quietly. By Joseph Guinto May 07, 2017 Facebook Twitter Google + Email Comment Print Tomi Lahren is afraid. She weaves her way through throngs of people out on the streets near the White House with her head down, her long, platinum-blond hair covering most of her face, hands clutching the lapels of her overcoat. These people are a threat, Lahren believes. If they recognize her, she might be attacked. Verbally. Physically. It’s late afternoon just one day after Donald Trump was sworn in as the 45th president of the United States, an event Lahren witnessed from a seat on the West Lawn of the U.S. Capitol. But yesterday’s formal inauguration ceremonies have given way to today’s more free-form Women’s March, which half a million people are attending. Lahren has already disparaged this gathering in one of the vitriolic videos that have made her into a social media sensation with 4.3 million Facebook followers. In her short, shareable “Final Thoughts” segments, the 24-year-old conservative firebrand has backed Trump and bashed everything from Black Lives Matter (“the new KKK”) to the mainstream media (“liberals who masquerade as journalists”) to refugees from war-torn Middle Eastern countries (“rape-u-gees”) to all manner of liberal “snowflakes,” including the “disgruntled women” from whom she’s now trying to hide. Story Continued Below Lahren has been avoiding the march all day, hunkered down in her hotel, the members-only Metropolitan Club. But now she’s nervously navigating her way through the crowds so she can get to the Hay-Adams Hotel near the White House. That’s where I asked her to meet for the first of several interviews that we’ll conduct over the next three months—a time in which Lahren will lose her job, and nearly lose her mighty Facebook page. “There are protesters everywhere outside my hotel,” Lahren texts me shortly before our scheduled meeting. “I will need you to escort me to our interview. I had a bad encounter last night. I can’t venture out alone. It’s too dangerous.” There have been no arrests or reports of violence during the Women’s March, and even though I walk Lahren into Off the Record, the Hay-Adams’ basement bar, without incident, she’s still rattled. As soon as we sit down, Lahren tells me that, last night while walking from her hotel to the Liberty Ball at Washington’s convention center, she was recognized by a different group of protesters from the ones outside today. She describes them as “people wearing hoodies with the black-power symbol on the back.” “They shouted, ‘That’s Tomi! Get her!’” Lahren says. “So I jumped into a cab. I didn’t hail it. I just saw this cab, and I booked it inside.” There had been violent protests in downtown Washington as Trump’s inauguration parade was happening just blocks away, but the riots—led by anarchist groups that were looking to sow mayhem—were largely contained by nightfall. Lahren tells me, though, that she sees no difference between yesterday’s anarchists and today’s Women’s March attendees. “These people have signs saying, ‘Fuck Trump,’” Lahren says, gesturing to a room full of cheerfully intoxicated people, some of whom are still wearing the pink “pussy hats” symbolic of the protest. “But they’re also carrying signs that say ‘Love.’ They’re supposed to be preaching a message of unity? Bullshit. These are the most unloving and intolerant people I’ve ever been around in my life. Conservatives don’t act like this.” La La Land..where guns kill people but radical Islamic terrorists are our friends. https://t.co/ju0QPHVtmm— Tomi Lahren (@TomiLahren) February 27, 2017 She scowls. Deep lines form in her forehead. She narrows her eyes, which are covered in a thick layer of black shadow. This is the same angry Tomi Lahren whose video rants against sanctimonious liberals have been going viral since shortly after she graduated from the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, three years ago and landed her own show—initially with One America News Network and later with Glenn Beck’s The Blaze. Today, Lahren is both more popular and more outraged than she has ever been. She has more than 700,000 followers on Twitter and Instagram in addition to her 4.3 million followers on Facebook. Her famous “Final Thoughts” videos, which averaged 5 million views near the end of the presidential campaign, still routinely top a million. Lahren’s best-known video, a scathing, racially charged denunciation of quarterback Colin Kaepernick’s decision to kneel during the national anthem, reached a staggering 66 million views. Her appeal comes both from being outrageously outspoken—taking hard-line positions with little or no areas of gray on matters of race, immigration and national security—and from speaking in a vernacular you’d sooner associate with reality TV than political talk shows. To wit: The famous tongue-lashing she gave Kaepernick contained the memorable phrase, “mouth diarrhea.” Add in the seemingly incongruous combination of Lahren’s all-American good looks and her level of agitation and indignation, and you see why some are calling Lahren the perfect pundit for the mad media moment of the Trump era. Today, political correctness—and sometimes even politeness—is out, being brashly outrageous is in, and we’re all increasingly looking online for a good fight. And Lahren says bring it on. “People can love you or they can hate you,” she says. “It really doesn’t matter. What matters is that I’m making a connection with people and getting a reaction. I’m going to stand in my truth no matter what. I have a voice, and I’m going to keep using it.” Within weeks, though, Lahren will use her voice to say three words that will lead many of her conservative fans to attack her and will change the course of her career. Those words: “I’m pro-choice.” *** “Americans stand up and fight for faith, family, and freedom. Syrians run away.”—Tomi Lahren On a Thursday afternoon in early March, Lahren emerges from an ice-cold set where she’s been taping Tomi, the hourlong political talk show that Beck hired her to host in August 2015. The show is being filmed inside Mercury Studios, a 72,000-square-foot facility in Las Colinas, one of Dallas’ lookalike suburbs. They used to make "Walker, Texas Ranger" out here. Also, "Barney & Friends"—the kids show with the purple dinosaur. "Barney" went on the air on PBS four months before Tomi Lahren was born. And Chuck Norris’ crime-fighting, butt-kicking CBS series ended its eight-season run four months before the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. Lahren was 9 years old then. “We need a picture of you,” Jessica Grose, producer of "Tomi" and one of Lahren’s few close friends, says, as the doors to the set close behind her. Grose wants someone to capture Lahren’s outfit for Instagram, where Lahren’s 779,000 followers are often treated to snaps of Lahren wearing clothing she’s paid to endorse, like her own “Team Tomi” shirt, made by the Bullets and Bombshells Gun Society. Glenn Beck said he hired Tomi Lahren because she had “bubbled up on Facebook” and had already found an audience. | YouTube For the show today, Lahren, who stands about 5-foot-3, has paired 5-inch heels with shiny, black, skintight pants and a black tank top. The ensemble is more Motley Crue than Megyn Kelly. That is, if Vince Neil were a Trump voter: Lahren’s tank top has a silk-screened image of Donald Trump hugging an American flag. It’s been more than a month since I walked Lahren back to her hotel in Washington, and when she first spots me outside the set, she gives me a nod and tugs the bottom of her shirt, which cost $29 and is made by an outfit called DrunkAmerica.com. “I wore this just for you,” she says, smiling. Once we settle into a conference room upstairs from the studio, Lahren tells me she might like to someday be the host of a conservative comedy show, a counterpoint to "The Daily Show" and Stephen Colbert on "The Late Show" and John Oliver’s "Last Week Tonight" and Samantha Bee’s "Full Frontal" and so on and so forth. “Conservatives can’t stand all this shit anymore because it’s all bashing Trump,” Lahren says. “People think I like to be angry all the time, but I also like to be a smartass.” I’m surprised. I’ve spent hours with Lahren by this point, and I’ve heard her laugh only twice. Still, John Burk, a U.S. Army veteran who is friends with Lahren and appears on the Fox reality show "American Grit," backs her up. “Tomi is a cutup off camera,” he says. Lahren’s father, Kevin, says his only child was a happy kid—and a studious one. “I don’t think we even once had to ask her to do her homework,” he said by phone from the rural South Dakota home where he and his wife, Trudy, raised Tomi. Both Kevin and Trudy, who are Republicans but not particularly active ones, grew up on working ranches and had hoped to keep working in those family-run businesses for their entire lives. But they had to find other work because of the kind of economic dislocation that Trump railed against on the campaign trail: consolidation in the meatpacking industry; the rise of megameat buyers, like Wal-Mart, with the power to push cattle prices lower; increased global competition. Lahren has hit the same themes in her commentaries and credits her parents for “really giving me an appreciation for the values of hard-working, everyday Americans.” Tomi was “opinionated and outspoken” at a very young age, her father says. And she was determined to turn her outspokenness into a vocation. “I knew I was destined to do something in terms of having a voice, sharing my voice, being someone who could inspire others through dialogue and through monologues,” she says. “My life goal in college was to someday get a show where I could do that.” She got that show sooner than she expected. While at UNLV, Lahren applied for an internship with The Blaze but was rejected. So she tried for an internship with One America News, at the time a conservative startup based in California. The network’s owner, Robert Herring, called her in for an interview, so Lahren drove five hours from Las Vegas to San Diego. Instead of an internship, Herring offered her a full-time job as host of her own show, "On Point." “I think he saw that I had something to offer, something to say,” Lahren says. “I’ll always be indebted to him for that.” Lahren left OAN for The Blaze in August 2015 after butting heads with ownership over the numerous appearances she was making, speaking her mind, on Fox News and other outlets. Because OAN was trying to compete with Fox, its owner, Herring, didn’t want Lahren on its rival’s air so much, the Times of San Diego reported earlier this year. “I gave her a choice, and she left,” Herring told the Times. (He declined to comment for this story.) Beck made no such demands on Lahren. He said he hired her because she had “bubbled up on Facebook” and had already found an audience. She had, in part because of a July 2015 “Final Thoughts” she delivered on the murder of four Marines by Mohammad Youssef Abdulazeez, a Muslim and naturalized U.S. citizen. Lahren argued it didn’t matter that Abdulazeez hadn’t been linked conclusively to any known terrorist groups. “I’m sorry, but radical Islam is becoming the rule, not the exception. Yesterday’s moderate is today’s terrorist.” She then suggested President Barack Obama needed to be much more aggressive in the fight against terrorists overseas. “Put the fear of God in their desert." About a year after that, Lahren used another attack by a Muslim-American, the killing of 49 people in an Orlando nightclub by Omar Mateen, to make a painfully awkward joke at the start of her presentation to 400 young women at a Turning Point USA conference in Dallas. Lahren started her speech to the group, which spreads a pro-conservative message to high schoolers and college students, by mocking Hillary Clinton’s wardrobe, Lena Dunham’s body and Caitlyn Jenner’s sexuality. She then turned to Mateen Aini, her “social media guy” and the senior vice president of digital and new business at Beck’s Mercury Radio Arts, and said, “Not a good day to be named Mateen.” She chuckled and applauded herself. The audience, which had greeted Lahren as though she were a rock star, also laughed. “I have a lot of jokes,” Lahren told the crowd after continuing on and mocking Clinton’s penchant for pantsuits. “Just take it with a grain of salt.” “People can tell contrived anger, especially young people,” says Lahren. “Some people have only one viral video because when they try to make another you can see that’s what they’re trying to do. But when all my shit is viral, I’m not faking it.” | Trevor Paulhus for Politico Magazine This year, Lahren will speak again at the Turning Point USA conference. Except the audience will be bigger, with more than 1,000 girls and women, ages 16 to 24, expected to attend. “She’s a hero to many of these young, conservative women,” says Charlie Kirk, the group’s founder. “Tomi says the things that a lot of young conservatives are thinking.” In many ways, what Lahren says is not just what young conservatives are thinking, but what all conservatives are thinking and what many are already saying. Lahren recorded more than 400 “Final Thoughts” in three years at One America and The Blaze—more than 16 hours’ worth—and she’s mainly stuck to partisan talking points. She’s “backed the blue,” railed against the nation’s treatment of military veterans, said Obama was on an “apology tour” for America and that Hillary Clinton was—you guessed it—corrupt. At times, though, she’s colored outside the lines of respectable conservative commentary and embraced conspiracy theories suggesting the Clintons are behind a multitude of politically motivated murders. It’s hard to ignore the fact that Lahren looks like she was cast from a mold of pretty, young, blond conservative talking heads who have populated the airwaves in recent years. And the language she uses in “Final Thoughts” makes you wonder if a marketing team is writing her video essays, trying to tailor them to appeal to some clichéd notion of what Joe Sixpack’s Middle America wants to hear. Her polemics are peppered with approachable, folksy phrases like “frickin’,” “bud,” “horsecrap” and “buttload.” But there is no marketing team. There are no writers. There’s just Tomi. “No one has ever written a word for me, and no one ever will,” says Lahren, who speaks off-screen exactly as she does on-screen. Her words come out rapid-fire. “Final Thoughts” often sounds like just one word with two syllables—something like falthoughts. She speaks with the same folksy phrasing she uses in her videos, often dropping the “g” in words ending in “ing.” She can be unpleasantly cocky. She swears. A lot. She seems, as she puts it, “legitimately pissed off” at a lot of issues. The rapper Wale has compared Lahren to a pro wrestler. (Wale also recorded a “diss track,” called “Smile,” that dubbed Lahren “miseducated.”) Lahren, he’s said, “gets her whole vibe off of being unpopular.” But she gets more than a vibe. She gets followers. Lahren says that her own analysis of her Facebook followers suggests that about 70 percent of them are her fans. The other 30 percent, she thinks, “hate my guts.” “You have to be authentically you,” Lahren says. “If you are yourself, you might offend some people, but at least they can respect the fact that you’re honest and you’re genuine. People can tell contrived anger, especially young people. Some people have only one viral video because when they try to make another you can see that’s what they’re trying to do. But when all my shit is viral, I’m not faking it. I strike a chord with people, and it’s not because I have a phenomenal voice or presentation. It’s what I’m saying. The topics I’m choosing to write about truly anger me.” And just like the on-screen Tomi Lahren, the in-person Tomi Lahren will sometimes say things that anger other people—things that are well beyond typical talking points and out of bounds for most media commentators. “If you ask me, ‘Do I think Black Lives Matter is a terrorist group’,” Lahren tells me, “I will say, ‘Yes, I do.’” For taking positions like that, Lahren has been called “White Power Barbie” by people on the left. More recently, though, another nickname has been circulating with people on the right: “Abortion Barbie.” *** “Modern day feminism has to be the dumbest load of hypocritical crap ever masqueraded [sic] as an equality movement.”—Tomi Lahren Over her desk at The Blaze, Lahren had hung a Trump-Pence poster. She was the only one of The Blaze’s on-air talents to openly back the new president. That includes Beck, who savaged Trump as a “dictator in the making” during the 2016 campaign and made a big show of refusing to vote for him. “I like to poke the bear,” she told me. “The Daily Show made me believe I was going in for a funny little comedic bit, but then he [Noah] tried to blindside me and make it into a political debate,” Lahren claims. | Comedy Central Sometimes, the bear pokes back. That’s what Lahren discovered on St. Patrick’s Day of this year, when she went to New York and appeared on "The View." Lahren had been trying to get on the show for months, calling the producers herself to see whether they’d book her. It was just one part of a self-promotional strategy Lahren has undertaken ever since she got her first job, with One America News. “When you have a network that’s not accessible to everyone, you have to do the hard work yourself to promote and get eyes on things,” she explains. After the presidential election, Lahren appeared on "The O’Reilly Factor," "Hannity," "Real Time with Bill Maher" and "The Daily Show." On the last, host Trevor Noah exasperatedly questioned Lahren over her criticisms of Kaepernick and Black Lives Matter, and she left the show feeling set up. “'The Daily Show' made me believe I was going in for a funny little comedic bit, but then he [Noah] tried to blindside me and make it into a political debate,” Lahren says. “I didn’t appreciate that.” But, she adds Trumpishly, “I gave Comedy Central the best ratings that they’d had in months and months and months.” As big as "The Daily Show" was for Lahren, "The View" might have been even bigger for her personally. She’d grown up watching the program, and, one assumes, yelling at the television screen. She also told me she once aspired to be a host on the show—a sort of Elisabeth Hasselbeck 2.0. “I’ve wanted to take a swipe at those people on 'The View' for so long,” Lahren says. But there was no swiping from either side. "The View’s" panelists treated Lahren respectfully, asking a handful of questions about Trump’s travel ban, the investigation into ties between Trump’s campaign and the Russian government, and about her views on abortion. Lahren told the panel that she’s a “constitutional … you know, someone that loves the Constitution.” She continued, “I’m someone that’s for limited government. So I can’t sit here and be a hypocrite and say I’m for limited government but I think the government should decide what women do with their bodies. … I can sit here and say that, as a Republican … stay out of my guns and you can stay out of my body as well.” As it turns out, hell hath no fury like anti-abortion conservatives scorned—or, at least, surprised. Within hours, Twitter was erupting with conservatives condemning Lahren. “I don’t believe in the choice to murder an unborn child,” one person tweeted at Lahren. Another tweeted, “A truly sad day for Tomi; taking a leftist’s stance because she appeared on a left-wing program.” Lahren eventually shot back on Twitter, “I speak my truth. If you don’t like it, tough.” Lahren insisted she hadn’t changed her position on abortion, contending that she has always been pro-choice as a matter of national law, but personally anti-abortion. But her position is actually a bit murkier than that. | Getty Images Among those lashing out at Lahren was her employer, Beck. He even mocked her misstatement about being a “constitutional.” “I am NOT a ‘constitutional,’” Beck tweeted. “I believe in LIFE, liberty, and property. Just an old fashioned ‘constitutionalist.’” Beck also charged Lahren with flip-flopping on the issue of abortion. A few days later, Beck suspended her show for one week. Lahren responded by filing suit against Beck and The Blaze, seeking an exit from her contract, which was due to expire this September and which network executives told me in early March that they’d hoped she’d extend for another year. “Tomi can do things here that she wouldn’t have the opportunity to do at a Fox News, and she knows that,” Chris Gannett, a vice president at The Blaze, told me just after I met with Lahren at Mercury Studios. (Gannett has since left the network.) “She’s our star. But she’s not an indentured servant. She’s free to do whatever she’d like to do. We value her, and we think that feeling is in kind. But, we’ll see. We hope she stays.” She’s not staying. After Beck countersued Lahren, claiming she was “divisive,” “unprofessional” and “constantly complaining,” the two sides settled the case on May 1. Lahren was let out of her contract and given control over her Facebook page—which the network had contended, in court, that it had a claim on. No one is talking about the terms of the settlement, but whatever it cost Lahren to keep her Facebook flock (she had to delete all the videos recorded at The Blaze, for one thing) seems likely to have been worth it. How do you rebuild that big a following without even having a TV show? One of the things that most upset Lahren about the falling out with Beck and a part of her audience was that, because of the suspension, she wasn’t able to better explain her position through a new “Final Thoughts.” Nor was she able to counter Beck’s charge that she had flip-flopped on the issue. In a recent interview with Playboy, she insisted she hadn’t changed her position on abortion, contending that she has always been pro-abortion rights as a matter of national law, but personally anti-abortion. But her position is actually a bit murkier than that. Three months before she went on "The View," Lahren did an interview with the New York Times in which she was said to be pro-choice. Few of her fans seemed to take notice of that description, printed on December 4, 2016. Days after that story ran, Lahren hit a different note on abortion in her “Final Thoughts” segment. Railing against a petition that sought to remove Wonder Woman, the comic book icon, as a United Nations honorary ambassador, she said, “I don’t get the way their [modern-day feminists’] brains work. I really don’t. Free birth control so I don’t have kids, but free abortions in case I want to execute my fetus? Interesting movement ya got goin’ there.” Then, a month later, speaking to me on the day of the Women’s March, Lahren said, “I wouldn’t say I’m pro-choice, but I don’t care about social issues. So, gay marriage and abortion and stuff, do whatever you want to do. Just don’t ask me to pay for it.” Two weeks after that, while conducting a genial interview on her Blaze show with Tony Tinderholt, a Texas state representative who has proposed a bill that would allow the state to prosecute women for murder if they obtain an abortion, Lahren criticized Women’s March attendees over abortion. She told Tinderholt, “I was awoken at about 6 in the morning to women marching down the street saying, ‘My body, my right,’ and I thought, ‘What a disgusting display.’” Beck didn’t take issue with any of that, nor, he has claimed, with those three words—“I’m pro-choice”—that Lahren said on "The View." Instead, it was just one word—“hypocrite”—that irked him. “I would disagree that you’re a hypocrite if you want limited government and yet you want the government to protect life of the unborn,” Beck said on his own radio program three days after Lahren’s appearance on "The View." He then delivered a long, professorial explanation of where the framers of the Constitution stood on abortion and on limited government. The public shaming was extraordinary. Lahren was the star of Beck’s network. Her ratings were higher than those of any of The Blaze’s other personalities. And yet, Beck didn’t just have a private sitdown with his top-rated talker and try to explain why he thought she was misinterpreting the Constitution. Instead, he mocked her on his own air, even jabbing at Lahren’s process for choosing and preparing for her “Final Thoughts” topics. On the same day he suspended her show for a week, Beck said on his show, “It takes intellectual honesty, and it takes a willingness to actually think these things through and to do more than just read Twitter or Facebook to get your news and your political opinions.” That was an especially painful slight for Lahren, who often gets the “dumb blonde” criticism even though she was a straight-A student through high school and college. In fact, Dan Michalski, a Las Vegas-based writer who was a teaching assistant in one of Lahren’s journalism classes, says Lahren, “was almost always the first person to turn in her assignments, and they were almost always done perfectly—almost annoyingly so.” Still, Lahren has acknowledged that, when it comes to books, she’s “not a reader.” “I have a very short attention span,” she told the Daily Caller’s Jamie Weinstein last year during a podcast in which she also joined a chorus of conspiracy theorists who say the Clintons are behind several murders. “So sitting down with a book is very difficult for me.” Lahren does have surprisingly ecumenical reading habits, however, and she has little patience for the kinds of news outlets favored by most movement conservatives. Her knowledge of current political events comes not from connections to the powers that be in Washington—her only real political experience came from working as a summer intern in Rep. Kristi Noem’s Rapid City, South Dakota, office—but from her daily news diet that includes reading the New York Times and the Washington Post and watching CNN, MSNBC and ABC’s news programs. “I read numerous sources, mostly liberal,” Lahren says. “I don’t read a lot of Fox or Red State. That’s not really my jam. I don’t want to assume their voices.” (At home in South Dakota, Lahren's family regularly got together to watch the ABC Nightly News. “I think it was frustrating for Tomi to see some of the bias on that program,” her father, Kevin, says. “But it was always the thought that, ‘We’ve got to watch so we can see what the enemy is up to.''’) One of the secrets to Lahren’s success is that she uses social media to decide what has the best shot at going viral. If one of the trending topics she peruses on Twitter or Facebook “pisses me off,” then she’ll write her “Final Thoughts” segment about it. (With court-ordered control of her Facebook page again, Lahren is still posting her “Final Thoughts” even though she has no show through which to state her opening thoughts.) Think what you will about what she says, but her social media strategy—find out what people are talking about and then talk about it some more so they can then talk about what you’ve said—is unquestionably savvy. *** “Do you know how many of our [white] ancestors fought in the Civil War to free your [black] ancestors? The bloodiest war in United States history was over what was right, and it was largely white people fighting it.” — Tomi Lahren Lahren is angry. Back in The Blaze’s studios, before all hell broke loose with her career, before her six-figure salary and $40,000 wardrobe budget vanished, before her mentor publicly turned on her and before people started calling her a baby killer, she tells me that Trump’s election to the presidency left her more upset about current political discourse than she was before he won. “Things have changed for me dramatically since this election,” she says. “The way I’ve seen the mainstream media go after President Trump, it legitimately pisses me off.” Trump’s election to the presidency has left Lahren more upset about current political discourse than she was before he won. | Trevor Paulhus for Politico Magazine I ask whether she agrees with Trump’s statement that the media are “the enemy of the American people.” She says no, then immediately modifies her position. “In some ways, the media is the enemy of the American people,” Lahren says. “When you are instead trying to nitpick every little thing Trump does and says and you’re trying to sabotage him and demean him, delegitimize him, publish stories from unverified sources, and go out of your way to down him just for the sake of you hate him and you’re bitter, then that’s dangerous.” Lahren has a stake in Trump’s success. She’s built her brand in the past year by building up Trump when others, Democrats and Republicans alike, were running him down. She may have gotten more followers for that approach, but she believes Trump got something, too. “I worked my ass off to get the message out,” Lahren says. “I believe that through my ‘Final Thoughts’ I had a big impact on the results of the election. I think my voice was needed and heard, and I think I tipped a lot of votes in a lot of states.” One of those votes was her own. This was only the second presidential election Lahren was eligible to vote in. The first time around, she backed Mitt Romney. This time, she backed Trump. Well, eventually. Lahren started out as a supporter of Senator Marco Rubio. Just before the 11th GOP debate in March 2016, in fact, she suggested that Trump was dangerous, that he had the same mindlessly lascivious appeal as MTV’s "Jersey Shore," and she dubbed Trump “the Snooki of politics.” But, as Trump’s campaign heated up and Rubio’s cooled down, Lahren switched sides. Today, she’s fully behind Trump and his policies. But Lahren promises that if Trump slips up, she’ll call him out for it. “I tell Trump supporters this all the time: ‘Do not let him be your messiah or your savior,’” she says, wearing that silkscreened picture of Trump on her chest. Either way, for now, Lahren is focused on getting a job. In our final interview, conducted right before she settled with The Blaze, she’s talking to me from her home, which is in the Dallas suburbs near Beck’s Mercury Studios. There’s a new Cadillac ATS in the garage, and there are guns in the house somewhere, all of which Lahren will have to pack up if someone calls her and offers a new job, which she’s expecting a lot of people to do. “There are a lot of networks, a lot of companies, a lot of businesses and a lot of other folks that would be happy to have me,” Lahren boasts. Lahren could go back to OAN, which has expanded its audience since she left in 2015. She could sign with Breitbart, if her pro-abortion rights/anti-abortion straddle would work for readers there. Or she could go to Fox News, which many of her supporters consider the most likely option. Lahren welcomes the idea of a Fox News slot, and she certainly seems, superficially at least, like a fit for Fox News—a telegenic Trump supporter. But even though she’s been appearing regularly on "Hannity" since settling with Beck and The Blaze, it’s an open question whether the scandal-weary network would welcome someone who’s willing to toss off lines like, “Well, the BET Awards were last night. Notably, they were very black. Oh, but can I say that, what with my whiteness and all? Well, too damn bad.” And there’s no sign that Lahren plans to change her bombastic ways for her next employer. “People know what they’re getting with me if they want to bring me on board,” she says. “I didn’t build this brand on being someone who follows the conventional rules.” Right now, Brand Tomi is available in only limited quantities. Lahren is still filming “Final Thoughts” from her home and still shilling patriotic apparel on Instagram. But at press time, this 24-year-old who has excoriated some millennials for being lazy, as well as being “snowflakes,” wasn’t working a traditional, full-time job. Lahren has worked at a Harley-Davidson dealership, at a wildlife park called Reptile Gardens, at an Express store and at two TV networks. But for now, she’s on her own. For the first “Final Thoughts” she posted after the dustup with The Blaze, Lahren stood in the kitchen of her suburban Dallas home and recorded herself with her iPhone. The video was grainy, and Lahren forgot to turn the phone sideways so that the image would properly fill a wide screen. That hardly mattered. Her cheerleading of Trump’s attacks on Syria and ISIS in Afghanistan — “Bombing the hell out of terrorists shouldn’t cause your panties to wad.” — hit 9 million views. “I think that’s a testament to why people are watching me,” Lahren says. “It’s not the studio, the lighting, the production value. It’s my message, and my message is resonating with a lot of people.” Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Joseph Guinto is a journalist in Washington, D.C. This story tagged under: Media Conservatives The Blaze The POLITICO Mag Profile Show Comments More from POLITICO Magazine The Politico Mag Profile ‘The Ideas Made It, But I Didn’t’ By Tim Alberta 1600 Penn What It’s Really Like to Cover Trump By POLITICO MAGAZINE 1600 Penn What the Press Still Doesn’t Get About Trump By POLITICO MAGAZINE Most Popular Tomi Lahren Will Not Shut Up White House health care victory short-lived as Russia probe looms GOP onslaught on Obama’s ‘midnight rules’ comes to an end Activist left goes all out to save Obamacare White House pressures Senate to fix health bill's policy problems More on Magazine Our Latest Weekly Newsletter Print Archive Web Archive About Us Write for Us FAQ POLITICO Magazine Links News POLITICO Home Magazine 2016 Elections Congress Video Podcasts POLITICO Pro POLITICO Media POLITICO Florida POLITICO New Jersey POLITICO New York POLITICO Live Blogs, Columns & Cartoons Jack Shafer On Media Josh Gerstein Matt Wuerker Rich Lowry Cartoon Carousel Tipsheets The 2016 Blast Playbook Huddle The Friday Cover Influence Morning Agriculture Morning Cybersecurity Morning Defense Morning Education Morning eHealth Morning Energy Morning Money Morning Score Morning Shift Morning Tax Morning Tech Morning Trade Morning Transportation Pulse Prescription Pulse Policy Agriculture Campaigns Cybersecurity Defense Education eHealth Energy & Environment Finance & Tax Health Care Employment & Immigration Technology Trade Transportation & Infrastructure More Info About Us Advertising Breaking News Alerts Credit Card Payments Digital Edition Employment FAQ Feedback Headlines Photos POWERJobs Press Register Print Subscriptions RSS/Widgets Site Map Store © 2017 POLITICO LLC Terms of Service Privacy Policy
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Opinion Editorial Columnists Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Mon, May 8, 2017 | 16:02 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Korean Historical Sense Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Jay Kim Andrei Lankov Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Casey Lartigue, Jr. Bernard Rowan Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Michael Breen Lee Seong-hyon Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Trend Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English Guest Column Where to build Trump's wall? Posted : 2017-05-07 17:09 Updated : 2017-05-07 17:09 By Ricardo Hausmann CAMBRIDGE ― What do Huntsville (Alabama), Princeton (Indiana), Georgetown (Kentucky), Blue Springs (Mississippi), San Antonio (Texas), Buffalo (West Virginia), and Greer (South Carolina) have in common? They are the locations where Toyota and BMW built their manufacturing plants in the United States. None is in the US Rust Belt ― the tract of industrial towns stretching from Michigan to eastern Pennsylvania ― where much of the car industry and its suppliers were traditionally located. Evidently, the US Rust Belt's decline was not the exclusive doing of China and Mexico. It was also caused by the auto industry's geographic spread into other regions of the US, out of the clusters in which it had originally been concentrated. And this shift resulted not so much because GM moved its plants, but because it lost market share to Toyota, Nissan, Honda, Hyundai, BMW, and Mercedes-Benz. Of course, pointing this out does not reduce the pain for those affected. But it does change the policy implications ― and the lessons from the US example are relevant worldwide. Two approaches have been pursued so far to help communities affected by this phenomenon. The first is embodied in the US Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) program, which provides workers affected by international competition with financial support for retraining, job search, relocation, income maintenance, and health insurance. The second approach is to provide trade protection to affected industries, as US President Donald Trump has promised to do. Neither approach is likely to help the Rust Belt. Any economy's success is very much affected by the performance of that sliver of activities that can sell their output to outsiders. And what is true for countries is also true for states, cities, and towns, provided we redefine what we mean by selling to "outsiders." These "export" activities have an outsize and amplified impact on the growth of the local economy as a whole. Every geographic area must buy products it does not make and pay for them by selling to outsiders some of the output that it does make. But outsiders have the option of buying from others. So, these "export" activities face a level of competition that the local grocer, coffee shop, or barber does not. Moreover, the income brought into the community by the "exporters" creates a large multiplier effect. When a mine shuts down, the result is not just unemployed miners. The grocer, coffee shop, and barber go out of business, and everybody leaves, turning the place into a ghost town. The disruption can be caused not only by an industrial closure. Once upon a time, there were many relatively small department-store chains and other retailers with headquarters spread throughout the US and outlets in a few towns. These headquarters brought income into their town by providing back-office services to their network of stores. But consolidation in the retail industry, driven in part by Walmart and Amazon, dealt a deathblow to many of these companies. The impact on the local communities where these retailers were headquartered was as devastating as a mine closure: the "export" activity ceased and towns shrank by a multiple of each "export job" lost. Video rentals, bookstore chains, pharmacies, home improvement stores, electronics and camera shops, catalog stores, and more: all went the way of the horse and buggy. At the start of 2017, Walmart had 5,332 stores in the US. It is headquartered in Bentonville, Arkansas, where it employs more than 18,000 workers. Clearly, trade protection does not help if Detroit is competing with Blue Springs, Mississippi. Nor do import tariffs help those left unemployed by the bankruptcy of Blockbuster Video, Borders Books, CompUSA, Circuit City, Payless, or Virgin Megastores. In the meantime, employment at Amazon grew by 47% over the past year, to 341,000 people. But with Amazon employment concentrated in California, Texas, and Washington, the geography of those jobs is very different from that of those it is replacing. As with the geographic relocation of US manufacturing jobs, TAA is not a solution for this kind of ailment. After all, whereas TAA targets individuals directly impacted by foreign competition, much of the competition faced by local economies is not coming from abroad, and many of the jobs being lost are not in the industries directly affected by outside competition, but in the surrounding economy. Facilitating individuals' relocation does nothing for those left behind in shrinking towns. With industry after industry disrupted by technological change, much of this pain is hard to avoid. But interventions at the individual level must be complemented with assistance at the level of local economies. The goal should be clear: as a town's "export" industries are disrupted, new "export" activities must take their place, lest the town shrink and become impoverished. This highlights the need for what UK Prime Minister Theresa May has called a Modern Industrial Strategy, aimed at "delivering jobs and economic growth to every community and corner of the country" to "ensure [that] free trade and globalization work for all." To achieve this, a new set of place-based policies will be needed. The point is not to prop up dying industries, but to increase the birth rate and reduce the infant-mortality rate of firms in industries that can take their place, especially those that can sell to "outsiders," reconnecting each location with external and increasingly global markets. In their recent book The Smartest Places on Earth, Antoine van Agtmael and Fred Bakker document how this is already happening in parts of the US Rust Belt, where many towns ― such as Akron, Ohio, or Albany, New York ― have reinvented themselves. These places are not only recovering; we know from how they voted last November that they are also not buying into Trump's wall-building agenda. Ricardo Hausmann, a former minister of planning of Venezuela and former Chief Economist of the Inter-American Development Bank, is Director of the Center for International Development at Harvard University and a professor of economics at the Harvard Kennedy School. Copyright belongs to Project Syndicate. USFK to create HUMINT unit for gathering intelligence on N. Korea Thousands evacuate as wildfire creeps toward Gangneung China 'wants US Pacific commander removed' as part of N. Korea sanctions deal Moon assassination threat 'online flop' Candidates go all out for final stretch Firefighters still battling Samcheok blaze after Gangneung fire put out N. Korea calls for end to confrontation on eve of election in S. Korea Moon gives voters free hugs after turnout tops 25% [Crime Scene] Driver booked for deliberately ramming police car LG smartphones grab record 20 percent share in US Minor contender's appeal Korea Defense Veterans Association Cooling off Race to presidency Getting campaign ready Marine Corps change of command Foal Eagle exercise Hazy Seoul No sale to Chinese Fine dust blanket Park's impeachment About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service PDF Service RSS Service
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 45° Clear High: 56° | Low: 43° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Lost: A special report Schools & Education Community News The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump Business More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Society Notebook Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Arts & Entertainment Posted Yesterday at 4:00 AM increase font size Nancy Morgan Barnes and William Irvine titillate – and tickle – at Greenhut The imaginative painters make for a lively duet. By DANIEL KANY Share Comment Read Article "Bear and Hare" by Nancy Morgan Barnes. Photo by Ken Woisard Photography The paintings of Nancy Morgan Barnes and William Irvine make for a lively pairing. Irvine’s works are bright and seemingly simple coastal landscapes painted with a bold hand and almost cartoonish clarity. Barnes’ landscapes could pass for fairytale illustrations that may have taken a darkly wrong turn, sometimes literally. Barnes’ scenes often feature woodland creatures out of place on a road, directly or indirectly threatened or threatening. A skunk saunters along a night highway with a truck speeding by: We know too well what is likely to happen. But we have to make that leap. Barnes challenges us to confront our own dark sensibilities. A speeding rabbit stretches out before us with a looming bear close behind. We are so caught up in the bunny’s plight that we almost don’t realize this takes place in a Walmart parking lot. It’s not just the cottontail who has to watch out. ART REVIEW WHAT: William Irvine and Nancy Morgan Barnes WHERE: Greenhut Galleries, 146 Middle St., Portland WHEN: 10 a.m.-5:30 p.m. Monday to Friday, 10 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday; through May 27 MORE INFO: 772-2693, greenhutgalleries.com   Despite her proclivity for setting up horror stories for cute little woodland creatures, Barnes has a sympathetic countenance throughout her work. One scene is simply a forest floor from the perspective of a tiny tortoise. And it is this sense of subjectivity that helps Barnes lend her empathy to viewers. A “Neglected Garden” teems with life. There is no obvious narrative other than the oxymoronic equation in which the garden grows wildly: Failed in its function, it thrives as a place of life. And yet, even here, Barnes maintains a hallucinatory oddness to her pulsing hand. Unlike the even or singular view of a photograph, the Searsport painter’s scenes pop into focus all over the place: a snail, a salamander, a flower, a cardinal and dozens of others – each rendered as though the center of its own image, part memory, part story, part dream. “Unloading the Catch, Brittany” by William Irvine. Photo courtesy of William Irvine Irvine’s small paintings of fishing families’ houses have an oddly similar feel. They appear as glimpsed images along the road that the artist cannot help but supply with his own imagined backstory. His added imagination is what pushes the paintings past basic observation or memory. His reductive rendering style adds a pulse to the characters as though they must be part of some offbeat narrative. A woman stands in her hut-like house’s door with a cherry blossom bouquet in her hand, maybe a parting gift or a table decoration for a romantic dinner? A girl plays with a boat, possibly with professional aspirations of her own. A Breton woman waits in her door for the catch to be unloaded, and it looks like she has news for her partner. The jocular bounce of Irvine’s sense of narrative combined with a feel for life’s regular grit makes for an excellent match with Barnes’ quirky visual poems. While Barnes’ heavily worked and re-worked surfaces have a sense of stylistic realism, as opposed to Irvine’s indefatigably efficient frosting-thick rendering, both quietly employ a highly attuned and sophisticated sense of design. “Into the Fog” by William Irvine. Photo courtesy of William Irvine Irvine shows this off in some of his more straightforward landscape works with unapologetic power, such as “Into the Fog,” which features a sailboat at the moment the forward vertical line of the triangular sail aligns with a fogbank. Half the image is clear while half is in cloud. It cuts like a knife. The more we look, the more we see Irvine’s imagination is a seasoned one. When a lobster boat steams into fog, we begin to lose sight of it as a vessel and see the boat and its wake tail blended into a single form, a way to recognize something we might barely see. And the boat is heading into the unknown. Barnes’ most exciting painting makes us doubt ourselves. We see a rather banal highway view of an oil truck zooming along in the lane next to us. (It’s a high-focus image and we can even make out the red pickup in which we’re driving reflected in the rig’s shiny back.) Just entering the image as a blur is what looks like an alpaca in its disastrous last moments after running onto a Portland highway. The power of the painting is to solidly force us into a driver’s role rather than taking the gauzier perspective of the animal. This shifts the action away from the impending tragedy toward a personal sense of danger: Something crazy involving an oil truck is about to happen at high speed right in front of us. “Towards Portland” by Nancy Morgan Barnes. Photo by Ken Woisard Photography What we see in both of these painters is an ability to shift between modes, in part because of their formidable abilities to make the paint do exciting things on the canvas. Barnes’ descriptive abilities allow her to play with narrative nuance. Irvine’s ability to keep the quality of the paint out in front allows him to shift between nature-worshipping seascapes (image Marin’s cubist intelligence with Homer’s respect for the elements) and imagined narratives with just enough salt to keep them from ever being quaint. Barnes shifts from quirky fairytale settings to subjective perspective gymnastics. With their disjointed feints toward cute, Barnes and Irvine make for an odd combination, but whatever the effect on each other, they are both fun and quirky first-rate painters.   “THE FINALE: JEFF WOODBURY: PATHWAYS” Elsewhere in Portland, Vestibule 594 is featuring the works of South Portland artist Jeff Woodbury. “Pathways” is in fact one of the most handsome shows in Portland. It features a suite of prints made from actual beetle runes (their divot pathways just under the bark of trees) and a group of accompanying black and white drawings on multiple layers of mylar of tree branches as well as some of Woodbury’s cautiously cut maps in which he removes all but the roads with a razor. The lines of the tree branches, beetle paths and folded, excavated maps make for a scintillating show that is handsome and challenging. Vestibule 594 is a side project that Greenhut Galleries Manager Jessica McCarthy opened on Congress Street in 2013. This month’s show is unfortunately the last of dozens of excellent shows presented by the diminutive gallery, because the lease is up and the space is being taken. It will be missed. Freelance writer Daniel Kany is an art historian who lives in Cumberland. He can be contacted at: [email protected] Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This MaineToday Recent Read Shared King's 'Dark Tower' set to hit the big screen Woman injured in dog attack in Acton Major League roundup: Orioles win in Tillman's first start Obama accepts Profile in Courage award Sunday's Maine college roundup: Colby women's lacrosse wins NESCAC title TV weatherman Tom Johnston would have been charged in sexual assault, police say Navy SEAL killed in Somalia was Falmouth native Feature obituary: Darren Cook, devoted son, brother and father, dies at 45 Wex Inc. may relocate its headquarters to Portland waterfront Rep. Poliquin supports health bill, says only 7% of Mainers affected. Facts show otherwise Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system Portland chefs Mike Wiley and Andrew Taylor win James Beard Award Bill seeks to restrict Maine towns' efforts to build high-speed internet networks When Lost Kitchen in Freedom started taking reservations, 10,000 diners called BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Menu asia times EST 1995 Economy | Trump economic plan would be hostage to the almighty dollar Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China India Regions Northeast Asia Southeast Asia South Asia Central Asia Middle East Opinion More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 08-05-2017 12:56 Indonesia just became the fastest-growing m-commerce market (Johan Nylander) 08-05-2017 12:27 China's trade juggernaut slows in April as both imports and exports fall short of market expectations. (Asia Times staff and agencies) 08-05-2017 12:17 South Asian nations could move closer with India’s launch of a free-to-use satellite that will have applications across communications, governance, banking, remote education, weather forecasting and more (E Jaya Kumar) 08-05-2017 08:34 The Chinese capital is sanitizing its ancient hutong alleyways, home to millions of migrants workers and thousands of small businesses, bulldozing illegal constructions and forcing shops, bars and tiny courtyard restaurants to relocate or go under. (Muyu Xu and Ryan Woo) 08-05-2017 08:01 When mobile gaming firm Netmarble Games debuts on Friday, its founder Bang Jun-hyuk will be the only billionaire in South Korea's top-10 wealthiest stock holders with no ties to the chaebol, the mainly family-owned industrial conglomerates that dominate Asia's fourth-largest economy. (Reuters) 08-05-2017 08:00 After the Russian Revolution of 1917, a number of Jewish emigres ended up in Pakistan. Sadly, most traces of their existence there prior to Israel's establishment in 1948 have been extinguished. (F.M. Shakil) 08-05-2017 04:55 Macron, Merkel and the euro the big winners ... but populist nationalism is not dead yet (Asia Unhedged) 08-05-2017 04:22 Former drama teacher seeks new role as French First Lady (Reuters) 08-05-2017 03:46 France’s youngest leader since Napoleon (Reuters) 08-05-2017 02:29 Opinion // Justice for Nirbhaya, but what about all the others? (Amrita Mukherjee) 08-05-2017 00:46 Emmanuel Macron elected president of France (Reuters) 07-05-2017 16:17 China's foreign exchange reserves rose in April for a third straight month, beating market expectations, as capital controls and a pause in the dollar's rally helped staunch capital outflows. (Reuters) 07-05-2017 16:09 When reporting on the South China Sea, it has become commonplace for media around the world to draw upon think tank research detailing China’s developing military capable facilities in the region. But the deepening drumbeat for the US to militarily confront China in the South China Sea should be considered with a healthy dose of skepticism. (Mark J. Valencia) 07-05-2017 15:36 Opinion // In business, aesthetics take back seat to functionality (Seamus Phan) 07-05-2017 15:00 By expanding the budget deficit and borrowing to pay for the many economic transformations being proposed, Trump's plan implies a strong US dollar that will hurt the heartlands that support him. (Warwick McKibbin) 07-05-2017 14:55 ANU Professor Hugh White set out his views on what China’s 21st century dominance will mean for Australia. But he neglected to think deeply about both China and the difficult moral questions its rise will force Australia to answer. (Clive Hamilton) 07-05-2017 10:01 Mongolia's legislature removed the main obstacle to an International Monetary Fund-led bailout for its crisis-ridden economy by annulling a controversial banking requirement for foreign-invested projects, state news agency Montsame said. (Reuters) 07-05-2017 09:00 High interest rates and a lack of checks and balances mean the poverty-alleviating promise of microfinance loans has not been delivered in Cambodia. And while the government’s recent intervention to cap interest rates may offer short-term solutions, don’t bank on a long-term fix. (Kimty Seng) 07-05-2017 08:00 Rei Kawakubo’s designs for Comme des Garçons liberate the female body (Artsy Magazine) 07-05-2017 06:00 Photographer opens gallery to inspire next gen of eco-warriors (Artsy Magazine) 07-05-2017 04:17 Opinion // Turkey must find peaceful solution to Kurdish problem (Manish Rai, Geopolitical Analyst) 07-05-2017 02:28 Four big themes expected to dominate thinking of investors and traders in the coming week and the stories related to them. (Reuters) 06-05-2017 17:51 Opinion // Don’t blame Asean for acting in its interests (Ken Moak) 06-05-2017 16:55 How Macau became North Korea’s window to the world (Raquel Carvalho, South China Morning Post) 06-05-2017 14:58 The predatory price war unleashed by Reliance Jio has adversely affected the balance sheets of existing telecom players and they are resorting to job cuts and other austerity measures to stay afloat. (Asia Times staff) 06-05-2017 14:37 US President Donald Trump's recent friendly phone call to Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte raised new questions about his penchant for closeness to strongmen. (Mark R Thompson) 06-05-2017 14:37 US President Donald Trump's recent personalized calls to Southeast Asian leaders signals a willingness to re-engage traditional allies but it is not clear yet that the feeling is mutual. (Shawn W. Crispin and David Hutt) 06-05-2017 14:00 The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank is increasingly becoming an attractive leading international financial institution as it makes significant progress in its outreach efforts. The AIIB will expand from 57 to 70 members. (Silvia Menegazzi) 06-05-2017 13:52 Russia blocks Chinese social media app WeChat (Zhou Xin, South China Morning Post) 06-05-2017 13:39 Washington sources believe Beijing has so far staved off North Korea's planned sixth underground nuclear test. Preventing US military intervention in the region remains China's top priority. (Bill Gertz) the brief EconomyUS dollar Trump economic plan would be hostage to the almighty dollar On the off chance the administration's economic plan manages to pass through Congress, it would have unfortunate implications for Asia and Australia By Warwick McKibbin May 7, 2017 3:00 PM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 The dollar has strengthened since Donald Trump's election. Photo: AFP / Jewel Samad The best indicator of the Trump administration’s economic agenda can be gleaned from Candidate Trump’s “Contract with America.” That Contract suggests that President Trump has a rightwing agenda on social, environmental and immigration policy and a leftwing agenda on trade and economic policy. But despite having a clear program, executing anything that requires funding depends critically on the support of a divided Congress. A key economic issue relates to fiscal policy, both tax policy for corporations and households as well as expenditures including defense, infrastructure, government agencies and the big areas of Medicaid and social security. Both the size of the spending and tax changes and the impact on the overall fiscal deficit will matter for the US economy and for the spillover through trade and capital markets to the rest of the world. Candidate Trump promised not to touch the large entitlement programs of Medicaid and Social Security, which takes a large part of the necessary spending reform off the table. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox Forging again? Photo: Reuters/Jonathan Ernst A significant increase in infrastructure spending (US$1 trillion over 10 years) is proposed to be financed by tax breaks to the private sector. In practice, the infrastructure that is needed in the United States is not the type which could be funded by an incentivized private sector. More likely it would need to be financed by higher debt. Greater spending on the military has support in Congress, but the current proposal to pay for it by massive cuts in the budgets of other agencies is unlikely to get through Congress. More government debt is the most likely way to fund a military expansion. Tax reform is even more problematic. Candidate Trump promised to cut tax on individuals from seven tax brackets to three. He also promised cutting the company tax rate from 35% to 15%. More recently, there has been support given to the plan proposed by the Republicans in Congress to not only lower the overall tax on business but to change from a tax based on the income of companies to a Cash Flow Tax with Border Adjustments known as DBCFT. This DBCFT works in a similar way to a value-added tax with additional deductions for payroll taxes. Imports would no longer be tax deductible as an input and profits from exports would not be taxed. Some companies such as Walmart would face heavy increases in tax burden, while other companies that export would receive large reductions in their tax burden. This policy would also make it very attractive for US firms to relocate to the United States as the advantage of earning income offshore would no longer be relevant. Both the border tax adjustments and the relocation of US capital back into the US economy would likely lead to a large appreciation of the US dollar. Photo: Wikimedia Commons The tax reform is unlikely to be revenue neutral. The large reduction in the tax burden on companies and individuals would need to be financed by a large rise in government debt as cuts to spending programs could not support such a shift. Supporters of this major tax reform argue that the revenue from tax cuts would be self-financing because of a stronger economy. This was not the experience of the Reagan tax cuts in 1981 or the Bush tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 and is unlikely to be self-financing. Each of these fiscal policies would tend to raise the US budget deficit and therefore increase future US government debt significantly. A combination of higher government spending, lower taxes and overall higher spending in the United States economy would cause an appreciation of the US dollar. Countries in Asia that export to the United States will benefit, but countries with large internal or external debt burdens will be hurt by higher borrowing costs. What will also matter will be the reaction of the US Federal Reserve, and how monetary policy responds to the changes in fiscal policy. US. Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen. Photo: Reuters At a time when the United States economy is near full employment and the Federal Reserve is already in a tightening cycle, the switch towards tight monetary policy and loose fiscal policy will look very much like the period from 1979 to 1985, which was a period of large capital flows into the US economy attracted by strong growth, rising real interest rates and a strong dollar. This change in global interest rates would further hurt economies with significant amounts of private, public or foreign debt. Another key area of economic policy is trade. The Trump administration has withdrawn from the TPP and has strong views on existing trade agreements such as Nafta, but also the entire conceptual framework of a rules-based global trading system with the World Trade Organization at its core. A trade war at this stage of the political cycle is unlikely. There is substantial evidence that a world of rising tariffs and rising protection would cause a global recession and hurt the US economy. Our modeling results suggest that, while the United States would be hurt, Australia would incur even larger losses and trade-exposed countries in Asia even larger losses. We estimate that the fall in GDP in China would be double the fall in GDP in the United States if all countries raised tariffs on all goods equally. Photo: Reuters It is unlikely that the agenda of President Trump will make it through a divided Congress. If it did, the implications are most likely a very large stimulus to the United States economy with strong equity markets, rising interest rates and a sharply rising US dollar exchange rate. The problem for the Trump administration is that by expanding the budget deficit and borrowing to pay for the many economic transformations being proposed, the financing will largely come from foreigners. This large capital inflow would be a key driver of the strong US dollar. US export-intensive industries would be under even more competitive pressures than they currently face from technical change. The Trump heartland would on balance be hurt by the Trump administration’s economic policies. The problem for the Trump administration is that by expanding the budget deficit and borrowing to pay for the many economic transformations being proposed, the financing will largely come from foreigners. This large capital inflow would be a key driver of the strong US dollar. US export-intensive industries would be under even more competitive pressures than they currently face from technical change. The Trump heartland would on balance be hurt by the Trump administration’s economic policies. The unfortunate implications for Asia and Australia in particular is that rising trade deficits in the United States would be seen by some in the administration as proof of an anti-competitive world and while a trade war today is unlikely, the pressures for a trade war would accelerate in coming years. This would be the worst of all possible outcomes for the Asia-Pacific region. This piece was first published at Policy Forum, Asia and the Pacific’s platform for public policy analysis and opinion. Read the original here. Share Tweet Linkedin Email Economy US dollar Foreign Exchange Tax World Donald Trump Business Creative Commons Policy Forum US Tax Cuts Federal Reserve Trade infrastructure Comments More on this topic US payrolls beat estimate, average hourly earnings disappoint David Goldman US consumers continue to disappoint David Goldman Goldman Sachs dumps dollar as reflation trade retreats Asia Unhedged EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China Southeast Asia Insights Northeast Asia World Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #South Asia #Japan #India #Middle East #Asia Unhedged #Hong Kong #Koreas About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Monday, May 8, 2017 News What you need to know for 05/08/2017 What’s wrong with Obama getting big bucks for speeches?11:02 PMTrump must reflect U.S. values in dealing with dictators10:14 PMResidential real estate market soaring, by some measures9:24 PMComing to Collins Park: Splash pad8:35 PMStudents talk it through with peer mediation7:43 PM 'We forget that there’s so many people in our own community that need help too' 'We forget that there’s so many people in our own community that need help too' St. Mary's Healthcare provides free screenings Daniel Fitzsimmons | May 6, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL More than 70 St. Mary's Healthcare employees and community members volunteered at Saturday's Medical Mission at Home event. Photographer: Daniel Fitzsimmons St. Mary’s Healthcare in Amsterdam held a “Medical Mission at Home” event on Saturday where members of the public could get health screenings and consultations at no charge.  “It’s just a day where anyone can come regardless of their insurance status and get healthcare services,” said Bri Giulianelli, director of community benefits for St. Mary’s.  The event took place in the hospital’s Carondelet Pavilion on Guy Park Avenue. Giulianelli said the hospital had a pediatrician, a podiatrist, two primary care doctors and two nurse practitioners on hand to screen and advise patients on a walk-in basis.  Dr. Kevin Cope, a primary care doctor at St. Mary’s, said the event is a good way to reach people who normally wouldn’t schedule a doctor’s appointment.  “Some people have no insurance, they have no primary care provider and haven’t seen a doctor in years,” said Dr. Cope. “I just felt as a physician, I should support this event and the community, it was worth taking a Saturday and doing.”  Dr. Cope said he often travels to Honduras on mission trips where he provides free healthcare services, “but it’s great to be able to provide that to our own community.”  The “Medical Mission at Home” event name is a nod to the mission-style health care being offered right on St. Mary’s campus. While the event has occurred at other hospitals in the Ascension Health network, the parent company of St. Mary’s, Saturday's was the first to be held in Amsterdam.  “We forget that there’s so many people in our own community that need help too,” said Giulianelli. “We don’t want to forget about them.”  The free health care services offered included general medical services for adults and children, vision and hearing screenings, foot care, behavioral health care and health insurance enrollment. Free transportation to and from the event was also provided to area residents by the hospital.  More than a dozen community organizations also participated by having a table at the event. These groups included Centro Civico, Hamilton Fulton Montgomery Prevention Council, Wal-Mart Vision Center, Community Hospice and Montgomery County Office for Aging.   Victor Baldarassi, an optometrist with Wal-Mart, said he screened several individuals who had no idea that anything was wrong with their vision.  “You think you’re seeing fine and you’re not,” said Baldarassi with a laugh. He said he and his colleague volunteered for the event to get out in the community and offer free vision screenings to people who normally wouldn’t consider getting their eyes checked.  “Anybody that we saw wouldn’t have gone on their own and scheduled an appointment with an eye doctor before we saw them,” said Baldarassi. Giulianelli said the event was designed to reach people who never get checked up due to the cost involved or other impediments to obtaining health care.  “We have a very poor population in Amsterdam, and a very rural population in Montgomery County,” she said. “Thirty-eight percent of our population lives in poverty, so this is a great service for them.”  The event drew over 70 volunteers from St. Mary’s and the surrounding community.  Gary and Sylvia Howard of Johnstown were out on the sidewalk in front of the Carondelet Pavilion, spreading the word about the event.  “It’s a wonderful program and very community centered, and I wanted to be a part of it,” he said. “They have a ton of volunteers and I think that’s great.” Giulianelli said while the event Saturday only drew a couple dozen people, St. Mary’s is planning to hold another medical mission next year and they’re expecting greater turnout at future events.  View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Judge upholds $7.5M verdict for ex-Niskayuna couple in fertility case Medical mission slated for Saturday in Amsterdam Assisted living center project gets state-funded boost SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content Cap Rep's 'Thunder' has high points but lacks satisfying arc 11:55 AM Vischer Ferry General Store serves up taste of rural resort town 4:30 AM Editorial: Why did Faso, Stefanik vote for health care bill? 4:30 AM 1890 stable, carriage house on Saratoga tour 4:30 AM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in News Colonie Denny’s brawl goes viral 1 in custody after Schenectady stabbing sends woman to hospital Father, son charged in Rotterdam bar fight Police make 3rd arrest in massive Rotterdam bar fight Police arrest 3 in separate incidents at Rivers Casino The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
The Sixer Sense Home Videos About 76ers76ers NBA Draft Free Agency Analysis/Opinion HistoryHistory All-Time Lists Rumors Write For Us Schedule Shop MoreMore Write for us Tickets Facebook Twitter NBA Draft: Jayson Tatum Could Be the Philadelphia 76ers’ Paul George by Christopher Kline T.J. McConnell Can’t Be A Starter Long Term by Christopher Kline Philadelphia 76ers Meet Prospects At 2017 NBA Combine by Bret Stuter1 day agoFollow @milroyigglesfan Tweet Share x GPlus Pin Comment Next1 of 8Prev post Use your ← → (arrows) to browse The 2017 NBA Combine Begins May 9 through May 14 in Chicago, Illinois. Which prospects will the Philadelphia 76ers have their eyes upon? The NBA Combine is not nearly as headlining as the NFL Combine. On one hand, perhaps it’s a smaller number of invitees. On the other hand, perhaps its the fact that many of the nations top talents simply pass on the event. For the Philadelphia 76ers, it’s the WalMart of NBA scouting. Everything under one roof, even if the results are not as specialized. As recently as last year, the “who didn’t attend” included Philadelphia 76ers Ben Simmons, Los Angeles Lakers  Brandon Ingram, Oklahoma City Thunder Domantas Sabonis, and San Antonio Spurs Dejounte Murray.  In fact, that failure to attend did not seem to hurt their chances of selection in the 2016 NBA Draft. As a result, you can expect some of the bigger names in this year’s NBA Draft to avoid showing up for the competition as well.  But there will be NBA executives attending, as well as plenty of press, so that makes it almost obligatory for all players to put in appearances. After all, it’s never too soon to get on the good side of the press. Many Invited A quick preview for the NBA Draft Combine. Some notes who will/won’t be there, and who needs to play well https://t.co/8cZGcZJiKq pic.twitter.com/WgWP69P1CH — Sam Vecenie (@Sam_Vecenie) May 6, 2017 While there are only 60 NBA Draft slots, more than 60 players are invited to the combine. Not only does that afford all players who might hear their name have the opportunity to attend, but the attendees may revoke participation in the NBA Draft if they have NCAA eligibility remaining and they have not hired an agent. Those who attend and are still on the fence can use the NBA Combine to focus their work in NCAA Men’s Basketball.  After returning to collegiate competition, they can return the next year improved – both in skillset and in draft projections. Next: Several No-Shows Next1 of 8Prev post Use your ← → (arrows) to browse Load Comments Top Stories The Sixer Sense 14h agoWhy the Philadelphia 76ers Should Avoid George Hill Sports Illustrated NBA 4d agoWe're Still Talkin' About Practice!: Timeline of references to Allen Iverson's legendary presser The Sixer Sense 17h agoPhiladelphia 76ers: Top 5 Shooters In the 2017 NBA Draft The Sixer Sense 18h agoNBA Draft Focus: Who The Philadelphia 76ers Should Target And Avoid Newsletter Featured Products Amazon $21.98NBA Philadelphia 76ers Men's Full Primary Logo Short Slee... Amazon $16.99NBA Philadelphia 76ers Xbox One Controller Skin - Philade... Fanatics $27.99Men's adidas Joel Embiid Royal Philadelphia 76ers 2015 Ne... Your Philadelphia 76ers. Your inbox. Every Day. Build your own custom daily newsletter with updates on your favorite teams, sent directly to your inbox. Your privacy is safe with us. We’ll never pass along your email address to spammers, scammers, or the like. About About Masthead Press Openings Swag Stay Connected Our 300+ Sites Mobile Apps FanSided Daily Google Newsstand FanSided Deals Contact Technical Support Advertise Writer Application Tips Download our mobile apps Your favorite teams, topics, and players all on your favorite mobile devices. © 2017 FanSided Inc. All Rights Reserved. FanSided Fandom 250 NBA More NBA News » More NBA Features » View all NBA Sites Topics Fantasy Basketball NBA Draft NBA Playoffs NBA Free Agency All NBA NBA All-Star Weekend Ranking the last 50 NBA Champions 50 Greatest NBA Duos of All-Time Best Player from Every State The Step Back More The Step Back » More Nylon Calculus » View all The Step Back Sites Topics Welcome to The Step Back NBA Season Preview Who Will Take the Eastern Conference from LeBron? The NBA MVP Race is the Same as it Ever Was Hoops Habit More Hoops Habit » More Top Lists » View all Hoops Habit Sites Topics Hoops Habit NBA Hoops Habit NCAA 50 Greatest Players w/out Championship 50 Greatest Players of All-Time 25 Best Players on Every Team Fantasy Basketball More Fantasy Basketball » More Daily Fantasy Basketball » View all Fantasy Basketball Sites Topics Fantasy CPR Daily Fantasy FanDuel DraftKings Draft Simulator Cheat Sheet Creator Rankings Analytics More Miscellanea » More 2016 Offseason » View all Analytics Sites Topics Our Stats Nylon Calculus 101 What we Know Team Shooting Breakdown Team Ratings & Statistics Player Shooting Breakdowns NBA Draft More NBA Draft » More NBA Mocks » View all NBA Draft Sites Topics 2016 NBA Draft Results 2017 NBA Draft Preview Deals Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated More SI Top Stories » More Extra Mustard » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Features Magazine MMQB Swim SI Now SI Wire SI Longform Campush Rush The Cauldrin 120 Sports Tweet Share Pin GPlus Comment ' Search for: 'Search FanSided Why the Philadelphia 76ers Should Avoid George Hill by Pete Sawan We're Still Talkin' About Practice!: Timeline of references to Allen Iverson's legendary presser by The SI Staff Philadelphia 76ers: Top 5 Shooters In the 2017 NBA Draft by Christopher Kline Fandom 250 NBA The Step Back Hoops Habit Fantasy Basketball Analytics NBA Draft Deals Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated About/Contact Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App
Search for: njtoday.net – New Jersey's oldest weekly newspaper Main menu Skip to content Home Union County Middlesex County NJ News Opinion Health Money Schools Recreation & Lifestyle Sports Offbeat News Sub menu About us Advertise Print Subscriptions Send us stuff Share Your Family Events Citizen Journalism Classified Ads Food & Recipes Featured, Local Phil Murphy invested in profitable corporations that paid no taxes by Staff Report • May 7, 2017 • 0 Comments Goldman Sachs billionaire Philip D. Murphy has corporate connections that make him unqualified to lead in government, according to a vocal critic who charged that his campaign for governor would be “a hostile Wall Street takeover of the Democratic Party and New Jersey” because he invested in corporations that stashed profits in offshore accounts so they could pay no taxes. “I am very disturbed by the stock selections in which this greedy billionaire has invested,” said Murphy detractor Lisa McCormick. “Tobacco companies, polluters, ‘too big to fail’ banks, military contractors, and companies that are known for cheating workers and robbing taxpayer subsidies, such as Walmart, make up a large part of Phil Murphy’s stock portfolio and it reflects shameful greed.” “Perhaps most alarming, greedy Phil Murphy owns stock in 15 of the 18 profitable tax-dodging corporations that paid no federal income tax at all from 2008 to 2015,” said McCormick. “The same greedy corporations President Donald Trump wants to reward for evading their responsibility to pay taxes and paying dividends to Phil Murphy. He owns stock in many of the 258 corporations that paid no federal income tax in one or more years despite showing big profits.” “Phil Murphy invested in profitable corporations that paid no taxes,” said McCormick. “These tax-dodging corporations stashed about $2½ trillion in overseas accounts so they can cheat everyone else in America. Understand that a trillion is a million times a million, so we are talking about a lot of money and Phil Murphy, as a former Goldman Sachs partner and top level Wall Street executive, he knows they are putting profits ahead of patriotism.” McCormick said a financial disclosure statement filed with the Election Law enforcement Commission reveals hundreds of companies in which Murphy has stock holdings. Also, McCormick said corporate tax cheaters, billionaires buying elections and the resulting economic inequality that is distressing so many Americans demands a cure that is not going to come from someone among the richest one-percent of the population. “The time has come to consider new, bold ways to make our economy work again for all Americans. In a time of immense wealth, no one should live in poverty, nor should the middle class be consigned to a future of permanent stagnation or anxiety,” said McCormick, who is supporting Senator Raymond Lesniak for the Democratic nomination. “Handing power to a greedy Wall Street billionaire is not going to accomplish the economic justice for which Americans are starving, no matter what poll-tested rhetoric he utters in expensive TV commercials.” “There are some wonderful investment opportunities in socially conscious businesses, but greedy Phil Murphy did not put his money where his mouth is, he bought stock in companies that have shafted working Americans and decimated this nation’s middle-class,” said McCormick.   Connect with NJTODAY.NET Join NJTODAY.NET's free Email List to receive occasional updates delivered right to your email address! Online Form - Constant Contact Signup Form HTML Form Builder Print PDF Post navigation ← Banker may face jail time Clark Resident Wins Union County Contest → Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertise With NJTODAY.NET Copyright © 2017 njtoday.net. All Rights Reserved. The Magazine Basic Theme by bavotasan.com.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Vudu Disc-to-Digital goes mobile: scan your DVD collection and convert it to digital for a fee [Updated] Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/03/23 6:12am PDTMar 23, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 93 Share on Facebook 36 Share on Twitter Total Shares143 Applications News Update 1: 2017/03/23 4:23pm PDT The app changelog is now up: WHAT'S NEW **Introducing Mobile Disc to Digital – Convert from your phone!** Use your mobile device to convert your Blu-ray and DVD discs into Vudu has offered a Disc-to-Digital service for a while for those who wanted to convert their physical DVD and Blu-Ray movie collection to digital. However, the service either required you to pop into a Walmart with all of your discs in hand or download the app on your computer and insert discs one by one to verify that you own them. Now, the option is available on mobile. Through an update to the Vudu app, which doesn't seem to be live yet, Vudu users will be able to scan the barcode off their DVDs and Blu-Rays and let the app offer them the digital version in return. There are a couple of catches though plus a fee to pay. First, the service only has about 8000 movies in the catalogue now, so you may run into one or many that aren't yet supported. For example, Disney's movies aren't available, but you shouldn't have problems with Lionsgate, Paramount, Sony Pictures, 20th Century Fox, Universal Pictures, or Warner Bros. Second, you have to physically be at your billing location because the app will request a GPS verification to make sure you're at home scanning your own collection and not strolling through a store and scanning everything on the shelves. Third, there's a limit of 100 titles per year per account, which seems like a reasonable way to avoid potential abuse from those who manage to get around the location limitation. As for the price, it costs $2 to convert a DVD to SD or a Blu-Ray to HD, but $5 to upgrade a DVD to HD. One complimentary conversion will be offered for Vudu users to try out the service. If neither the catches or prices turned you off, the feature should go live today so keep your eye on an update to the Vudu app if you're interested. Update 1: 2017/03/23 4:23pm PDT The app changelog is now up: WHAT'S NEW **Introducing Mobile Disc to Digital – Convert from your phone!** Use your mobile device to convert your Blu-ray and DVD discs into digital movies! Upgrade your app and convert your collection today! • It’s easy! Scan the UPC, convert with a click, and watch anytime, anywhere • Conversions start at just $2; watch instantly • Access your movies on any Vudu compatible device Don’t have your UPC? Try Vudu To Go on your computer or laptop and convert with your disc. Learn more at vudu.com/disc End of Update Download QR-Code Vudu Movies & TV Developer: VUDU Price: Free Press Release Movie Lovers, Rejoice: Walmart’s Vudu Launches First Mobile Service that Transforms DVDs and Blu-rays into a Digital Collection Vudu’s Mobile Disc-to-Digital is Available Starting Today for Nearly 8,000 Movies March 23, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vudu, Walmart’s subscription-free, premium video streaming service, announced today the launch of the first mobile offering to convert DVDs and Blu-rays into digital libraries, right from a customer’s phone. Available beginning today, March 23, at 12:00 a.m. EDT, Mobile Disc-to-Digital turns DVDs and Blu-rays into digital movies* with a simple scan through the Vudu app. These movies can then be viewed on hundreds of Vudu-enabled devices including televisions, Blu-ray disc players, gaming consoles, streaming players and through the Vudu app on phones and tablets. Over the past several years, Vudu has seen increased demand for its offerings that bridge physical and digital entertainment, including its in-home Disc-to-Digital service and InstaWatch, which automatically sends customers a digital copy of eligible DVDs or Blu-ray discs purchased at Walmart stores and on Walmart.com. “The average movie collector owns nearly 100 DVDs and Blu-rays.** We know these customers have invested a lot into building their physical movie collections,” said Jeremy Verba, general manager, Vudu. “As more and more customers create digital libraries, we are constantly looking for ways to help them unlock additional value from the movies they already own.” Mobile Disc-to-Digital works on iPhones and Android devices and is available for nearly 8,000 movies from Lionsgate, Paramount Home Media Distribution, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment, Universal Pictures Home Entertainment and Warner Bros. Home Entertainment. Additional titles will be added in the coming months. Movie fans can convert a DVD to SD or a Blu-ray disc to HDX for $2. To upgrade DVDs to HDX, it will cost $5 per title. All Vudu users will receive one complimentary first-time mobile conversion. Mobile Disc-to-Digital conversions must take place at a customer’s home / billing address. Mobile Disc-to-Digital works in three easy steps: 1. Scan – Navigate to Disc-to-Digital in the Vudu app and scan the barcode on the physical disc case. 2. Convert – Choose SD or HDX. Submit one title or scan all of your movies before submitting. 3. Watch – Watch your movies on any Vudu-enabled device. “Like Walmart, at Vudu we’re always striving to save our customers time and money,” added Verba. “Our Mobile Disc-to-Digital service is a key part of Vudu’s broader effort to make digital entertainment access simple and convenient.” For more information on Vudu, visit www.Vudu.com. *Customers need a free UltraViolet account in order to use Mobile Disc-to-Digital **Fox Media & Tech Tracker - 2016 About Vudu With more than 100,000 titles that can be watched on movie lovers’ favorite devices, Vudu gives users anytime, anywhere access to favorite movies and television shows. At home or on the go, online or offline, Vudu delivers a premium entertainment experience with the latest in digital video and entertainment technology, including 4K Ultra High Definition, Dolby Vision HDR and Dolby Atmos Cinema Sound. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Tags blu-ray to digital convert dvds to digital disc-to-digital vudu walmart subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Arlo Q 2-pack of 1080p cameras available for $260 on Amazon ($90 off) ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Get a Sony Xperia XZ for $430 ($220 off) with a U.S. warranty from eBay Trending 262 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 98 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 82 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Comments FernandoRocker What prevent us to just generate the barcodes and scan them from the computer's screen? Justin W Same thing that prevents you from walking into a store and scanning an on-the-shelf DVD you haven't purchased: nothing. F4LL0U7 The GPS feature prevents you from doing it at the store, but you could take a photo at the store and then do it at home. I don't really care enough to go through that hassle, but I'll definitely do the one complimentary conversion to try out the service. Impulse_Vigil I'm curious what does the location feature check for... Cause my billing address is a P.O. box a couple miles from my house. Zorn85 ...well presumably it will check to see if you are at the billing address, which you wouldn't be if it's a PO Box. They may not even accept PO Boxes as billing addresses for that very reason. Impulse_Vigil Vudu does, at least in general, it might error out for the purpose of this service tho. Hasn't gone live so can't very well try it and find out... Gregory What's a billing address? Brett What's a horse shoe? What does a horse shoe do? Are there any horse socks? Is anybody listening to me? Gregory You might be joking, but I genuinely have no idea what a billing address is. Internet search reveals that it's "an address to which you receive your credit card statement", but I've never seen a "credit card statement" in my life either... Matt Do you know what a shipping address is? Demitrius Harris Everybody knows that... clearly, a shipping address is a speech given to an audience of ships. Clearly. My1 well putting credit cards aside, you probably have to register with an address in case any bills or whatever may arrive, and the app will check whether you are at your registered address. F4LL0U7 Everybody my age pees their pants, it's the coolest disqus_Xz3y8OiO3O The address your credit card is registered on. tehboogieman UPCs for DVDs and Blurays are easily available online just like almost any movie that's on this list, Don't even need to go anywhere. I guess it's a way for pirates to launder their movies, but hardly seems worth it to pay for something a person is willing to "steal" Justin W Ah, missed that part of the article. Still, it's quite stupid to assume this would stop anyone from trying to get discount movies, as others have mentioned UPCs are available pretty much universally online. Impulse_Vigil You still need to pay per disc, so I imagine between the 100 movie cap and the cost they've crunched the numbers on possible losses... If you're going to all these trouble you'd probably just pirate it thru p2p anyway. Demitrius Harris Some people rather not steal, no matter the cost or savings. Impulse_Vigil You're misinterpreting my comment, I never justified stealing or pirating... Shoot I commented I'd be trying this out, I *still* buy BDs and even CDs. What I'm saying is that the companies behind this are aware there'll be a certain amount of people trying to game the system and they probably already crunched the numbers on potential losses... Plus they know that pirating a movie online is still much much easier, so they don't need to put so many safeguards on this system... Not that many people are gonna go around scanning barcodes with pretend addresses in order to steal online copies of a movie. Demitrius Harris Thank you for clarifying and yes, I misunderstood what you meant. HeyRadar Honestly, $2 (or $5.00) is a fair price for a media-less video anyway. Why digital and physical copies stayed the same price, was just price fixing. My1 I would agree if this is offline and without annoyances, but I have experienced too much of the bullshit happening there to believe that that would happen. Quint’s Sharking & Seashells Or you could just do it yourself at home using Handbrake. FernandoRocker But you could theoretically stream the Vudu movies from anywhere, not just locally. Impulse_Vigil Yeah that's one advantage... Uploading a bunch of rips to a cloud account or streaming them from home is certainly possible but more of a hassle. slayer91790 Then that's were Plex comes into play. mog386 But with handbrake you can't get hd versions of your DVDs. With Vudu you can get the HDX copy for a bit more. Which is perfect if you have a giant DVD collection that you never got rid of... Like me. Matt But you can't take a picture of a dvd in a store and put the picture into Handbrake. Shagnscooby Headline probably shouldn't imply you can do your whole collection for free when you only get one. A bit click-batey. DEKKER Read again: "for a fee". marcusmarcus2 I hate how articles headlines are click-batey when I don't read them. How dare they. Reading is hard. /s SHunter Couldn't you jus go to the store and start scanning barcodes? Just price checking! /wink cajunflavoredbob Settings > Developer Options > Enable Mock Locations Yes. Yes you could. You could also do a Google Search at home for the DVD box art, which would get you the barcode at home. If they block mock locations, root users can move the mock location app to /system. However, for all this hassle of trying to game Vudu as a service, you could also download the films illegally and not be restricted to Vudu's service. Point is that there are always ways around the artificial road blocks set up by media companies. Illegal is illegal. Choose your poison. Nathan J Well, you're still paying $5 for HD or $2 for SD. The fact that you supposedly bought it on DVD doesn't really matter. I mean, does it really? You could have bought the disc used for however low. You could have borrowed it from a friend. The idea that they made money on the first sale of the DVD is beside the point. They're selling you access to a DRM-locked digital file for $5. It's not an unfair price for the consumer, and it's straight profit to the rightsholder. I don't think you can really cheat them, since you're paying either way. Unless it's the free copy, which I'm guessing Vudu pays for. But they're paying regardless, and they don't see a single rusty red cent of the DVD's initial sale, so it doesn't matter (much) to them. Or at least it shouldn't. Dan DeBartolo It's $2 for HD if you are scanning Blu Ray titles. $2/pop for 1080p titles that are viewable offline is pretty sweet. My1 you dont even need mock location, you also could just take a picture of the DVD with barcode and take a picture of that picture to scan the barcode, or you check google images. teh Jax Now I just need this to work on my HDDVD titles! jm9843 I did this in-store one time and they treated it like a DVD. So the 'conversion' to HD was a little more expensive ($5 instead of $2). teh Jax No shit?! That's pretty awesome! brararsh At first I read it as "Scan your DVD collection and convert it to digital for FREE". My Bad. :) Max Johnson Me too. Why the heck would I want to do it for a 'fee' when I can do it for free myself. enoch861 Well your first conversion is gratis. So there's that. Jeff Beck Keep in mind if you convert 10+ movies at a time you get a 50 percent discount, bringing the cost down to $1 a movie or 2.50 for an HD upgrade if you are using a DVD copy. I converted all the titles I could from my own library a couple years ago. I love not having to use discs anymore and my collection is available almost anywhere through VUDU. marcusmarcus2 Nice catch. Robert Preston It appears they sadly ended that promotion, finally. Josh The standard (long standing) 50% off for converting 10 titles at a time has now expired. Now, newcomers to D2D who use the mobile app to convert titles, get 50% off of 10 for their first conversion only. Previous users get 100% off their first mobile conversion, for a single title. Chris Griffin "Ok." - Plex users mjholtzem So it looks like this service is backed by UltraViolet, so that means discs that you convert with this service should be available on other UltraViolet clients such as Flixter right? enoch861 I believe so. But don't quote me on that. mjholtzem Any clue how that might work with "hdx" titles? enoch861 On other services it'll show up as HD since Vudu is the only one that has "HDX". As far as I can tell any Blu-Ray is redeemed as an HDX title. All my Blu-Rays I've redeemed (with the UV code) show up as HDX. mjholtzem If that's true this is actually pretty compelling Josh Yes, about UltraViolet and Flixster Video. JPMcMillen Not necessarily. I've got a few UltraViolet movies I can watch on Vudu, but are marked 'Currently Unavailable' on Flixter. Flixter does show the movies in the list, so it's not like it can't find them, they just aren't available through them. Richard Branches Wish we could have this in other countries, I remember Vudu was planning to go internationally starting with Mexico but it didn't work out, which is sad 😞... Josh When I travelled, I was able to get it working with a VPN connection. Also Hola Unblocker worked in Chrome. Leonardo Baez Limitation of 100 titles per year.... But I have a 450 titles collection. (Dvds plus blurays) Jeff718 Pay again to have access anywhere without carrying around a DVD player. Nathan J Anywhere? So you can download the files for offline use and watch on an airplane? Or anywhere you have unmetered broadband access? Because there is a pretty big difference there. Not trying to be snarky here. I am unfamiliar with the Vudu service. I do have a couple movies up there. Since I started buying Blu-rays, a couple of them have had the digital HD option. (Pro tip, never do Google. They only offer SD copies. Found that out the hard way with Independence Day. Digital HD copy? Google is an option? Oh, Google only offers it in SD? And I can't change my mind and use Vudu instead? Well that sucks!) ProvoAggie They do allow offline playback. You can download them using the app on your tablet, phone or PC. Dan DeBartolo You absolutely can do offline playback. I download a bunch to my iPad Vudu app before hitting the road. The Ultraviolet linkage also means titles share between platforms like Flixster video, and it's Disney Movies Anywhere friendly. When the 50% for 10 or more titles was active I converted my entire DVD collection to HD digital at $2.50/pop. Some of the remastered prints are a pretty penny on their own, and to get some classics in HD was well worth it. The old SD DVDs age with time. It was a no brained for me. br_hermon I doubt it but... does VUDU allow you to download the files locally so you can store them and play them via VLC, Kodi, etc? Is there DRM? or is it proprietary, and you can only view them on VUDU's servers (streaming)? Japzone It's just like all the other VOD services like iTunes, Google Play, etc. You stream from them, and they have a few apps that support offline playback. Plenty of DRM layered on as required by Hollywood. Jeff718 I toss my cases and put my discs in a binder. Am I screwed if I want to use this service? HeyRadar You may not be able to use the smartphone app, but you can still use the service using a PC, or taking your discs to Walmart. Course, you could probably find the UPC on the internet. Josh Note that the in-store Walmart conversion service ends on April 1. Mr. Robot Sounds like there's no conversion involved. This company just sells you those movies in digital form for a lower price because you already own the physical discs. But the article misses some important information, f.e. what format you get and if there's DRM or not. I bet there is. Japzone It doesn't miss anything. This is clearly about Vudu, a popular VOD Streaming service owned by Walmart. Everything is streamed and DRM protected, with some apps that support offline playback. Just like every other VOD Streaming service out there that deals with Hollywood content. Mr. Robot Sorry, not everybody who reads AP is from the US. I have never before heard of this service and as I said, the word "conversion" is a bit misleading IMO. And even after your answer I still don't know the format. Is it h264, hevc, VP9? Japzone There is no user accessible format. The content is accessed like Netflix. You stream using their website or apps, and the apps have a DRM protected offline function so you can store videos offline for a flight or trip. The user never gets direct access to the files. Sorian >400 dvds and blu-rays.... yeah... that's expensive for now. RyanT I'd say about half of my collection came with digital copies, would be nice to eventually have the other half digital as well, not to mention upgrading those awful old DVDs. Motoinsistor It's live now, just showed up for me in settings pfmiller Doesn't work for me. Tried my free conversion and it app just "captures" your UPC before you even have a chance to line up the barcode. Even if you manage to get the barcode lined up in time it always reports that it can't find the UPC. Michael Scapp I tried this today, and I got an error message every time. Still buggy, hoping it gets better with updates. My1 is this thing US only? would be great to convert my anime collection over. but probably the digital version is either online only and/or riddled with DRM Skeeter P I added some the first night. Now I tried to add more and it keeps saying location has to be same as billing address. It won't work. I didn't move from night before?? Powered phone off. restarted. checked location Button nothing helps. Any ideas? Max Miller http://www.upcitemdb.com You're welcome... myluna I hope they bring back the 50% off for 10 or more. I usually waited until I had 10 blu-rays or dvds to do the conversion. Otherwise, the price isn't worth it for me. Not yet anyway. Maybe they'll bring back that promotion on occasion. Otherwise, I'll probably utilize this option for only the movies I really love. I'll stick with Handbrake and Plex for most of my collection. Follow Android Police 1.49M 467k 143k 114k Latest Deals 22 [Deal Alert] Runtastic Road Bike Pro is free on the Play Store (down from $4.99) 2017/05/06 1:33am PDTMay 6, 2017 0 [Deal Alert] Costco offering cash cards, charging kits, and more for Galaxy S8/S8+ activations 2017/05/05 6:53pm PDTMay 5, 2017 4 [Deal Alert] Fossil smartwatches discounted 25% everywhere 2017/05/05 11:36am PDTMay 5, 2017 21 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 44 temporarily free and 12 on-sale apps 2017/05/05 9:06am PDTMay 5, 2017 18 [Update: Groupon] Deal Alert: Bragi's truly wireless earbuds, The Dash, are $100 on Woot for a refurbished pair ($200 off) 2017/05/05 1:10am PDTMay 5, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 59 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 82 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 307 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 12 Under Armour Sport Wireless Heart Rate review: A great step in the right direction 2017/04/30 2:43pm PDTApr 30, 2017 27 UE Wonderboom review: A super adorable waterproof speaker that sounds great 2017/04/30 8:08am PDTApr 30, 2017 Latest Roundups 9 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 9 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/25/17 - 5/1/17) 2017/05/01 12:44pm PDTMay 1, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/19/17 - 4/25/17) 2017/04/25 6:29pm PDTApr 25, 2017 1 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/18/17 - 4/24/17) 2017/04/24 1:15pm PDTApr 24, 2017 11 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 17 YouTube v12.17 prepares an option to turn off the floating video player [APK Teardown] 2017/05/07 12:26pm PDTMay 7, 2017 41 F-Droid 0.103 is finally out of alpha, brings a snazzy new design [APK Download] 2017/05/06 7:35pm PDTMay 6, 2017 60 Server-side tests have broken Google Now and the Play Store for some users 2017/05/06 5:53pm PDTMay 6, 2017 8 Hands-on: Socratic launches Android app for homework answers 2017/05/06 12:04pm PDTMay 6, 2017 12 Ubisoft brings Hungry Shark VR to Daydream 2017/05/06 6:00am PDTMay 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 51 1 Year Ago Today HTC Releases An App For Its 'Ice View' See-Through Case For The HTC 10 2016/05/07 5:17pm PDTMay 7, 2016 104 2 Years Ago Today LG Watch Urbane Review: $350 Buys You The Nicest Android Wear Watch Yet, If That's Something You Want 2015/05/07 1:17pm PDTMay 7, 2015 28 3 Years Ago Today [Game Roundup] Our Top Seven Picks For The Best New Games Of April 2014 2014/05/07 4:15pm PDTMay 7, 2014 17 4 Years Ago Today Spotify App Updated: Remembers Your Place, Filters Your Playlists, Looks Great In Your Pants 2013/05/07 7:38pm PDTMay 7, 2013 5 5 Years Ago Today Pix'n Love Rush Is A Delightful Retro Platformer, Hearkens Back To A Simpler Game 2012/05/07 1:37pm PDTMay 7, 2012 9 6 Years Ago Today [Awesome] Shirts By Droidarmy - This Is The Army You'll Want To Join 2011/05/07 11:21pm PDTMay 7, 2011 4 7 Years Ago Today Want Android On Your iPhone 3G? There’s An App For that. 2010/05/07 6:32pm PDTMay 7, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 16 YouTube v12.17 prepares an option to turn off the floating video player [APK Teardown] 2017/05/07 12:26pm PDTMay 7, 2017 Last 7 Days 82 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 494 Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore 2017/05/01 2:09pm PDTMay 1, 2017 60 Google Wallpapers now has two entirely new categories 2017/05/06 2:29am PDTMay 6, 2017 81 Comparison: All of the Android Wear devices announced or released in 2017 so far 2017/05/04 7:45am PDTMay 4, 2017 38 [Deal Alert] Get a free Samsung Entertainment Kit with your Galaxy S8 or S8+ purchase from May 3rd to May 16th 2017/05/03 6:07pm PDTMay 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 262 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 98 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 82 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 494 Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore 2017/05/01 2:09pm PDTMay 1, 2017 60 Google Wallpapers now has two entirely new categories 2017/05/06 2:29am PDTMay 6, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 134 queries | 0.601s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
News Sports UK Sports Entertainment Alert 47° Full Menu Alert 47° Home News All News Business Communities Counties Crime Education Hot Topics Lexington Most Wanted Nation/World News Photos News Videos Politics Searchable Databases State Watchdog Columns Tom Eblen Sports All Sports UK Sports College Sports Next Cats Recruiting High School Horses Kentucky Speedway Lexington Legends Reds MLB NBA NASCAR NFL Sports Photos Sports Videos Columns John Clay's Columns Mark Story Next Cats Recruiting UK Sports All UK Sports Next Cats Recruiting Baseball Basketball - Men Basketball - Women Recruiting Ex-Cats Football UK Photos UK Videos More UK Sports Columns John Clay's Blog Mark Story Politics Politics Elections Entertainment All Entertainment Books Celebrities Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Music Restaurants Stage & Dance TV Visual Arts Entertainment Photos Entertainment Videos Blogs News Blogs Kentucky Weather Photo Archive Sports Blogs John Clay's Blog High School UK Football UK Men's Basketball UK Women's Basketball Lexington Legends Entertainment Blogs Rich Copley's Blog Walter Tunis on Music Opinion All Opinion Editorials Joel Pett Larry Dale Keeling Larry Webster Letters to the Editor National Columnists Op-Ed Submit a Letter Living All Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Fru-Gal: Deb Morris Health & Medicine Home & Garden Paul Prather Religion Travel Readers' Choice Obituaries Kentucky Obituaries Obituaries in the News Submit an Obituary Hot Topics Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us About Us E-edition Photo & Page Reprints RSS Feeds Special Sections Site Information Advertise With Us Circulars Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Local Deals Shopping Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Homeseller Legal Notices Place an Ad facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:32 How Always Dreaming won the Kentucky Derby Pause 0:49 Timelapse: The Most Exciting Two Minutes in Sports 0:49 Veterinarian on Thunder Snow 0:26 Steve Asmussen proud of Lookin At Lee 0:49 Corey Lanerie thought he was going to win 0:37 Ian Wilkes: The winner was too good 36:41 Always Dreaming trainer, jockey, owners in full post-win press conference 2:20 John Lewis speaks at Berea College 1:21 Ariat chooses Lexington as site for its second brick-and-mortar location 2:21 No. 1 point guard talks about interest from UK, hometown LSU Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Jeff and Carrie Ketterman of Louisville were determined to have a "My Fair Lady" style Kentucky Derby, and a little rain was not going to stop them. rcopley@herald-leader.com Kentucky Derby May 06, 2017 2:14 PM My Fair Derby: Rain or shine, crowd stays fashionable By Rich Copley rcopley@herald-leader.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The skies over Louisville didn’t offer up any problems a knee-length, pink polka dot raincoat or a pair of red Walmart rainboots couldn’t solve. For many, Kentucky Derby attire is a meticulously planned proposition, usually with visions of sunny skies and highs in the 70s in mind. Saturday’s 40s and 50s, with intermittent showers, prompted some to change plans, while others made the best of it. “I have always wanted to do ‘My Fair Lady’ at the Derby,” said Carrie Ketterman, who was playing Eliza Doolittle to her husband Jeff Ketterman’s Henry Higgins in the paddock area Saturday. The weather did not deter their plans, as he stood in a brown seersucker suit with a matching bowler, and she wore a white dress with lace sleeves and a hat that looked like it had been borrowed from Audrey Hepburn’s closet. “After this much planning, rain or shine, I was wearing it,” Carrie said. Fortunately, before they departed London — the one in “My Fair Lady” — milliner Cress Esser and her husband Toby Esser checked the weather, and were able to pack Toby a yellow, velvet Versace suit with a matching Vineyard Vines tie with a design that picked up Cress’ red Louboutin boots. Before traveling up from Rome, Ga., Margie Beauchamp checked the weather, and when she saw the forecast, she hit up Amazon Prime for a pink polka dot raincoat and black boots she selected to match her pink and black hat. This was her second Derby, and the first one was also a rainy day she did not plan for — a mistake she wasn’t going to make twice. Kara Frank and Jason Contessa of Roanoke, Va. packed along thick, clear ponchos, but forgot her boots. So an emergency Walmart run was made for a classic pair of red boots. Contessa, alas, could not find pants as colorful as the bright blue shorts he was sporting, so he was hoping — like most — the sun would come out. Jeff and Carrie Ketterman wore a My Fair Lady inspired outfits at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017 in Louisville. Amy Wallot Chess and Toby Esser, London, dressed in designer outfits for Derby at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017 in Louisville. Amy Wallot Ashley Knowles, Donna Carter and Stacie Carrier try to stay dry under a tarp in the paddock area at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017 in Louisville. Amy Wallot Skip Koepnick, of Wyoming Mich., watches horses circle the paddock before the second race on Derby day. Alex Slitz aslitz@herald-leader.com Ashley Cebak from Chicago made this 5-7 lb hat herself, over the course of a month. Dan Desrochers ddesrochers@herald-leader.com 1 of 5 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:32 How Always Dreaming won the Kentucky Derby Pause 0:49 Timelapse: The Most Exciting Two Minutes in Sports 0:49 Veterinarian on Thunder Snow 0:26 Steve Asmussen proud of Lookin At Lee 0:49 Corey Lanerie thought he was going to win 0:37 Ian Wilkes: The winner was too good 36:41 Always Dreaming trainer, jockey, owners in full post-win press conference 2:20 John Lewis speaks at Berea College 1:21 Ariat chooses Lexington as site for its second brick-and-mortar location 2:21 No. 1 point guard talks about interest from UK, hometown LSU Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago How Always Dreaming won the Kentucky Derby 2:32 a day ago How Always Dreaming won the Kentucky Derby 36:41 a day ago Always Dreaming trainer, jockey, owners in full post-win press conference 1:47 a day ago Kentucky Derby 143: From the party scene to the winners' circle View More Video Kentucky Derby Happy, healthy, Always Dreaming moves on to the Preakness American Pharoah is a dad about 100 times over; what’s next for his foals? Thunder Snow uninjured after pulling up in opening moments of Kentucky Derby A Dream scenario in the Derby for Todd Pletcher What happened to the other 19 contenders in the Kentucky Derby? Kentucky Derby Sports Videos Subscriptions Paper Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Delivery Vacation Stop Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Options Advertising Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Local Deals Shopping Digital Solutions Media Kit More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Classifieds Tools Solano News California / US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Business Recalls this week: strollers, electric massagers By The Associated Press From page B10 | May 07, 2017 ShareTweet ShareTweet Combi Shuttle stroller and car seat travel systems are being recalled because connection defect that poses a fall hazard to infants. Other recalled consumer products this week include electric massagers and women’s scarves. Here’s a more detailed look: STROLLERS DETAILS: Combi Shuttle model strollers and car seats, which when used together are called a travel system. The strollers and car seats have model number 6100027 or 6100100 printed on a label on the base of the car seat and stroller’s leg. Combi is printed on the front of the stroller and the car seat. Shuttle is printed above the model number. They were sold online at Amazon.com, Babies R Us.com, Target.com and other online retailers from June 2015 through September 2016. WHY: The car seat can disengage from the stroller’s frame, posing a fall hazard to infants. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 1,000. FOR MORE: Call Combi USA at 844-332-6730 from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or visit www.combiusa.com and click on “Safety Notifications” at the bottom of the page for more information. Combi USA will contact consumers who registered their products. ELECTRIC MASSAGERS DETAILS: Three models of hand-held massagers, HHP-375H, HHP-250 and the PA-MH-THP. All models of the massagers have a 120 VAC, 60 HZ power cord. “HoMedics” is printed on the massagers. All manufacturing dates for all three models are included in the recall and the item date code can be found in either one of the cord prongs or in the rating label located on the underside of the product. Date codes can be identified as a four-digit number WWYY where WW is the sequential week of the year and YY is the last two digits of the manufacturing year. They were sold at Bed Bath & Beyond, Macy’s, Rite-Aid, Walmart and other stores nationwide and HSN from August 2013 through February 2017. WHY: The cord can break near the base of the massager and expose the wires, posing an electric shock and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: 140 reports of exposed wires, sparks, smoking and some shooting flames coming from the massagers. There have been 15 reports of burn injuries to consumer’s fingers and other parts of the body. HOW MANY: About 400,000. FOR MORE: Call HoMedics at 888-803-0509 from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit at http://www.homedics.com and click on the Product Recall tab for more information. FURNACES DETAILS: 80-percent efficiency gas-fired furnaces sold under the Goodman, Amana and Daikin brand names used with home heating and cooling systems. The recalled products have model numbers beginning AMEH80, DM80HE, and GME8, and serial numbers beginning 1609, 1610, 1611 and 1612. The brand name is shown on the outside of the furnace, and the serial number is located on the label found by opening the furnace door. They were sold at Goodman, Amana and Daikin heating and cooling equipment dealers nationwide from September 2016 through January 2017. WHY: The blower motor is not grounded, posing an electrical shock hazard to individuals servicing the units. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 4,100. FOR MORE: Call Goodman at 888-770-7126 from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.goodmanmfg.com and click on “Product Recall” at the bottom right hand corner of the page for more information. SEGWAY CHARGERS DETAILS: Segway PT Off-Board Chargers made from January 2015 to October 2016 with part number 23288-00001. The Segway brand name is on the charger above these wires. Chargers with the following serial numbers are included in the recall: 15201C000362, 15201C000364, 15201C000366, 15208C000404, 15208C000406, 15222C000460, 15225C000486, 15225C000489, 15225C000494, 15242C000546, 16210C000621, 16210C000629, 16210C000630, 16210C000631, 16210C000632, 16210C000635, 16210C000636, 16214C000638, 16214C000639, 16214C000641, 16214C000642, 16214C000643, 16214C000645 and 16214C000646. The serial number and part number are on a silver data plate attached to the bottom of the charger. They were sold at Segway dealers and distributors and directly from Segway Inc. from January 2015 through April 2017. WHY: A wire inside the charger can detach and touch the side of the charger, posing a shock hazard. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 24. In addition, 17 were previously recalled in September 2015. FOR MORE: Call Segway at 866-473-4929 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET, Monday through Friday or visit www.segway.com and click on Off-Board Charger Recall for more information. WOMEN’S SCARVES DETAILS: DG Fashion women’s scarves with fringe. The recalled scarves measure about 78 inches long by 27 inches wide, are shimmery in appearance, and were sold in the following colors: black gold, blue, green, purple, gold and wine red. The scarves are made from 70 percent silk and 30 percent polyester. They were sold at www.amazon.com from June 2015 through March 2017. WHY: The women’s scarves fail to meet federal flammability standard for clothing textiles, posing a risk of burn injuries to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 200. FOR MORE: Call DGFA at 866-606-9099 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or send email to [email protected] for more information. ShareTweet ShareTweet The Associated Press Story Archive Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | No comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Search Recent Articles Son-in-law angry that we’re not nicer to our daughter’s ‘replacement’ Denmark wins inaugural GolfSixes tournament Sei Young Kim wins LPGA Tour’s Lorena Ochoa Match Play John Daly holds on for 1st PGA Tour Champions win Today’s Print Edition Sports on TV/Local sports for Monday-Tuesday, May 8-9, 2017 Vanden wins four events at Nevada Union track meet Weather for Monday, May 8, 2017 The week ahead: Things still need to be settled in MEL baseball, softball Madrid and Juventus on verge of Champions League final Harman’s clutch birdie denies Johnson 4th straight win Fresh horses await Derby winner Always Dreaming in Preakness Madrid and Juventus on verge of Champions League final Stenhouse scores 1st career Cup victory with last-lap pass A’s get to K-Rod in 9th inning again, rally past Tigers 8-6 Day 2 of Travis air show supercharges Solano skies Feldman throws 4-hitter, Reds top Cueto, Giants 4-0 to sweep Warriors’ smothering defense overlooked during win streak This date in sports history for May 8 TVGrid Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service National Nurses Week 2017 Home Seller 05-06-2017 Stars and Stripes 05/04/17 Wings Over Solano 2017 Home Seller 04-29-2017 Stars and Stripes 04-27-2017 American Home Week 2017 Coupons and More 04-02-2017 Discover Solano Spring/Summer 2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 12 9 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Toys R Us finally gets serious about e-commerce At a time when shoppers increasingly browse on line, Toys R Us is revamping its website Post to Facebook Toys R Us finally gets serious about e-commerce At a time when shoppers increasingly browse on line, Toys R Us is revamping its website   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2ploWCA {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 2 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Toys R Us finally gets serious about e-commerce Charisse Jones , USA TODAY 12:03 a.m. ET May 8, 2017 The Toys R Us Web team in Wayne, N.J., works April 25, 2017, on a revamped website making its debut May 8, 2017. The makeover will feature bolder images, streamlined menus, and a pared down check out process. (Photo: Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY) 12 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE While Toys R Us was minding the store, it admits that it fell behind on e-commerce. Now the company is taking action in a bid to make up for it. At a time when shoppers increasingly browse online and head to a store just to close the deal, Toys R Us is announcing Monday that it is revamping its website to woo back customers who may have fled to Amazon or other retail rivals. The toy giant’s new site will debut to a small number of users before a full rollout that is expected by early July. The revamp is part of a nearly $100 million investment by Toys R Us over the last three years that is geared toward jump-starting an e-commerce experience that it acknowledges lagged some of its retail peers. “The website really represents the front door of our brand,’’ said Lance Wills, Toys R Us’ first global chief technology officer who noted that more than 60% of the company’s customers visit its website before deciding to go to an actual store. “In a year to two years, we have to catch up on 10 years of innovation and that’s no small feat.’’ That was a deficit the toy chain could ill afford when 15.1% of retail sales, not counting gas stations, car dealerships, groceries and restaurants, occurred online in the last quarter of 2016, according to the financial information services and analytics firm IHS Markit. Last year, the company's same-store sales, an industry measurement that excludes revenue from newer locations, fell 1.4%. And in the fourth quarter, which includes the benefit of holiday sales, same-store sales dropped 3%. “Some organizations recognize faster than others there are shifts in the ways customers want to be communicated with and the way customers want to purchase products,’’ says Toys R Us CEO David Brandon. “It probably took us a while." .’’ The makeover means that instead of constantly clicking through choices, customers can tap once on a category like "dolls'' or "bicycles'' and be led to a fine-tuned list. Check out for basic purchases will shrink from at least five steps to two. And for the first time, visitors to the baby registry will get notifications alerting them to a sale on bottle warmers or a stroller recall. Retailers of all stripes are fighting to compete with online powerhouse Amazon, But for Toys R Us, chains like Target and Walmart have also become fierce competitors, vying for shoppers seeking out toys and baby products. So it is counting on its expertise in those areas, as well as the new, streamlined website, to help it stand out from the crowd. “We view anyone who sells toys and anyone who sells juvenile (or) baby products to be a competitor,’’ Brandon says. But “we’re not a big box retailer or an online retailer. We’re a specialty retailer ... That’s a unique position we have that other people frankly can’t provide.’’ The new site features larger images along with streamlined menus that make it easier for shoppers to find items. And customers who are simply shipping items to an address, instead of asking for gift wrapping or another extra service, will be able to complete the purchase in two steps. That pared down check-out can mean the difference between finalizing a sale or losing a frustrated customer, Wills says. “We look at our existing experience and the checkout is challenging,’’ he says. “Industry research suggests that the longer that process takes, the more likely you’re going to have a customer abandon that process.’’ Meanwhile, the Babies R Us registry is replacing its current, squint-worthy print with a dashboard that boldly displays details like the number of gifts already purchased for the parent-to-be.  A new notifications tab will alert visitors when a requested gift has been discontinued, or more critically, when a baby monitor, crib or other item has been recalled. By June, the site will also offer shoppers a little advice. A car seat finder page will help new parents learn the difference between an infant carrier and a "travel system,'' explain how a five-point harness works, and other facts that can help them figure out the right car seat to buy. “What we’re doing is experimenting with different ways of helping customers to go through this process,’’ says Victor Ortiz, Toys R Us’ vice-president, digital product management, who says a similar page dedicated to strollers is also being planned. A website overhaul was overdue, says Neil Saunders, managing director of the retail analytics firm Global Data. "I don’t think the Toys R Us website is particularly good,'' Saunders said prior to the unveiling of the revamped site. "It requires a lot of clicking and searching to browse through products. This isn’t ideal when consumers have such short attention spans..'' Separate from the website overhaul, Toys R Us is also aiming to offer a more personalized experience to customers that includes targeted email and tailored presentations of Web content, specific to a shopper's interests, that will start later this year. 12 CONNECTTWEET 9 LINKEDIN 2 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2ploWCA
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 45° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Partly cloudy early followed by mostly cloudy skies and a few showers later in the day. High 66F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 30%.. Tonight Thunderstorms. Low 49F. Winds ESE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: May 8, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Buy Now Peter Thomson, La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Gander Mountain featured New owner: Gander Mountain store in Onalaska not closing after all MARC WEHRS MARC WEHRS 6 hrs ago 0 Buy Now Peter Thomson, La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Gander Mountain The new owner of Gander Mountain says he hopes to keep at least 70 of the 162 stores open, and Onalaska’s looks to be one of them. The Onalaska Gander Mountain store’s liquidation sale is what’s going on at all stores, said CNBC’s “The Profit” Marcus Lemonis, the chain’s new owner. He said on his Twitter feed that that Gander Mountain locations are having clearance sales because his purchase did not include inventory. Camping World Holdings Inc. announced last week it and a group of liquidators won a bankruptcy auction for the St. Paul-based Gander Mountain Co. and its Overton’s boating business. Gander Mountain declared bankruptcy in March. The Onalaska store was spared earlier this year when Gander announced it was closing 32 “under-performing” locations around the country, including a store in Eau Claire. The 57,120-square-foot Onalaska Gander Mountain store, which opened in 2011, was built at a former Onalaska Walmart store site and replaced a 33,000-square-foot Gander Mountain that opened in 1995 along Hwy. 16 in Onalaska. “So Gander Mountain filed bankruptcy as you know, and about 10 days ago I bought all of the assets, all of the intellectual property, all of the trademarks, all of the leases and the Overton’s business. Except for the fact that I did not buy, intentionally, the inventory that’s in the stores,” Lemonis told IndyStar on Sunday morning. “A liquidator bought the inventory that’s in the stores and they have the right to sell that inventory down and out as if it’s going away. But the confusing message is whether a store is staying open or not. “And ultimately we control the leases ... every single property. And my intention is to keep at least 70 open.” A tweet by Lemonis on Saturday afternoon said Onalaska will make the cut. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Angry 1 Sad 0 Funny 3 Wow 3 Love 2 Local From Tribune files: Openings and closings of La Crosse area businesses May 2, 2017 0 Each week, Tribune business columnist Steve Cahalan reports on the latest openings and closings in the La Crosse area. Tags Onalaska Gander Mountain Store Economics Inventory Marcus Lemonis Store Commerce Mountain Liquidator Clearance Sale MARC WEHRS Follow MARC WEHRS Close Get email notifications on MARC WEHRS daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever MARC WEHRS posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow MARC WEHRS Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION New owner: Gander Mountain store in Onalaska not closing after all Going-out-of-business sale underway at Onalaska Gander Mountain Steve Cahalan: Grand reopening set at Iron Physique Gym Marineland Pet & Dive Center marks 50 years in business Good Steward Resale Store debuts new store at former Edwardo's location Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lithiumion-Batterypack.Com Introduces Custom and Standard 224v Li-Ion Batteries FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE China (May 06, 2017) – Lithiumion-batterypack.com brings lithium Ion batteries in custom configurations and also in 24V rechargeable battery packs. These high power batteries are for use in high performance machines and appliances, and can be recharged and made while maintaining very high quality. These batteries are complaint with standards like FCC, UL, BSMI, CE, PSE, ROHS and UN38.3 etc. They are making custom 24v lithium battery, which can be used for any project users think fit for. Custom batteries are made as per user requirements and specifications. The sales engineer of the company passes requests for the 24v lithium battery pack. Batteries are delivered within one or two weeks in case of small or sample orders. For bulk orders they take 4 to 6 weeks for delivering batteries. While they make and sell 24v lithium ion battery with various specifications, they also sell the mold to make batteries, which may come in any color, body type, and battery and function type as per order. The manufacturing unit of the factory is spread across 1000 sq meters, and they are operational since 2002. With certifications from ISO9001/14001/18001 Walmart, BSCI, and MFi, and with a big team consisting of 60 R&D experts, and 400 staffs in various cadres, they are running for years to manufacture Li-ion batteries in bulk. Their units are compliant and running successfully for advanced testing, international certifications and professional manufacturing. Their products have already been sold to, Australia, Japan, Brazil, UK, France, Germany, Canada, Mexico, India, USA, Spain and China. Brands like Samsung, Panasonic, Sanyo, Sony LG, ATL, Lishen, and BAK, are available with Lithiumion-batterypack.com. With professional aging centre and testing centre, they are fully equipped to cater to custom and standard Li-ion battery solutions. More information about their products and services can be obtained from http://www.lithiumion-batterypack.com/products_list/24v-lithium-ion-battery.html About: Lithiumion-batterypack.com sells standard and custom 24v lithium ion batteries in bulk or sample orders through all countries of the world. ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious HR Fix Helps Employers with Employee Related Risks Next PostNext A PCD Pharma Company – Best Possible Way To Success Search Recent Posts Satellite-Based Automatic Identification Systems Market North America: Report Focused on Top Manufacturers, Developments & Growth By 2022 Revolutionising the livestock industry, one fence at a time Cyber Security Market United States Size, Share, Trend & Forecast 2017-2022 One-Two for Toyota GAZOO Racing at Spa From the Battle of Helms Deep to Times Square RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Download News App Rebuilding Gatlinburg Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather Color The Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Consumer Investigations Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Power in Purple As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team Contact Us 46° F Clear Hi: 66° F Lo: 45° F Forecast Radar WebCams 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Consumer Investigations Rebuilding Gatlinburg Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Rebuilding Gatlinburg Latest Headlines Power restored in areas of Sevier County after four days without power May 7, 2017 GATLINBURG (WATE)- Four days after storms caused hundreds of home to lose power, it has all been restored. “It seems like it’s happening a l… Knoxville Police find body after responding to domestic dispute May 7, 2017 Knoxville Police Department found one man dead after responding to a domestic call on Selma Avenue, Sunday night. New all-inclusive park opens in Karns May 7, 2017 Injured bald eagle found in Sevierville yard May 7, 2017 Preds quiet Blues, advance to conference finals for 1st time in franchise history May 7, 2017 Weather Weather Color The Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 46° F Clear Feels Like: 46° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 100% Dewpoint: 46° F Sunrise: 6:36 AM Sunset: 8:27 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Power in Purple More As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Tennessee This Week More About Us Work For Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 46° F Clear Hi: 66° F Lo: 45° F Injured bald eagle found in Sevierville yard WATE 6 On Your Side staff Published: May 7, 2017, 9:31 pm Updated: May 7, 2017, 9:32 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SEVIERVILLE (WATE) – An injured bald eagle was rescued from someone’s yard by the American Eagle Foundation, Saturday. Kim Osborne says the eagle was found by her neighbor in Osborne’s yard. Osborne says the American Eagle Foundation was notified immediately. Al Cecere with the American Eagle Foundation said in a post that the injured bald eagle has been taken to UT Veterinary Hospital for a checkup and treatment. According to Cecere, the eagle sustained multiple wounds and that among the wounds there were healed fractures and evidence of a previous gunshot wound. Once the bird is more stable, he will most likely go to surgery.   Injured bald Eagle – Courtesy: Kim Osbourne View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Injured bald Eagle – Courtesy: Kim Osbourne x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)                                   Latest Galleries PHOTOS: Fall Creek Falls PHOTOS: Operation Cash Me Outside PHOTOS: Clinton Walmart shooting PHOTOS: Kevin Steen MUGSHOTS: Knox County pawn shop arrests MUGSHOTS: Knox County pawn shop arrests PHOTOS: Padding on ‘Powell Lake’ PHOTOS: Counterfeit $50 bills PHOTOS: Powell High School flooding PHOTOS: Knoxville March for Science 2017       Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts East Tennessee bald eagle attacked by geese 2 bald eagles euthanized after being shot in Tennessee Memories shared with Ken Sparks Derek Barnett chosen as no. 14 overall by Philadelphia in NFL Draft Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © 1998-2017 WATE.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy Work For Us FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Site Archive On to Plan B for Peoria Stadium Sunday May 7, 2017 at 7:15 PM Pam Adams Journal Star education reporter @padamspam PEORIA — It’s back to the starting block for Peoria Stadium. After months of discussions with Running Central co-owner Adam White about ambitious plans to renovate Peoria Stadium, Peoria Public Schools board members are scheduled to ask the district to prepare an action plan and budget for stadium improvements over the next five years. “The buildings committee is recommending that administration come back to us with a detailed proposal to implement improvements to the site on our own,” said board member Dan Adler, chairman of the board’s building committee, in an email. “We thanked Mr. White for his time and collaboration, but we believe that investing in the property on our own is in the best interests of the community at this time.” Board members will vote to authorize administrators to develop a plan at Monday’s board meeting. White, who is also a track events promoter, was spokesman for the only group that responded to the district’s request for proposals after a community-wide meeting in September. The group, which included Journal Sports Editor Kirk Wessler, planned an all-turf complex that would attract regional and national athletic events, from track and field to lacrosse. White estimated it would take a $10 million to $15 million investment to make the plan a reality. Initially, he said the facility would be operated by an independent, not-for profit group. But that changed over the course of the talks, with White saying several established not-for-profit organizations expressed interest in the job. Negotiations apparently never got beyond White’s appeal asking the district to donate the property. The building committee began discussing alternative plans earlier this year. As recently as the April 5 building committee meeting, Superintendent Sharon Desmoulin-Kherat asked White for a “tangible” document of plans the district could analyze. White is not deterred. “It would not surprise me at all if we find ourselves, down the road, revisiting this conversation, probably sooner than later,” he said when he learned of the board’s scheduled vote. The future of stadium has been an issue since 2013, when a previous board and administration, along with city of Peoria officials, began talks to sell the 82-acre property to Walmart. The Peoria Park District has a long-term lease on about one-third of the site, where it maintains softball fields. The cash-strapped school district spends about $300,000 a year to maintain the stadium. But it would cost more than $1.8 million to do much-needed repairs. Board members will hear presentations on school funding reform and an amended budget with an operating deficit reduced to $3.4 million. They are also scheduled to vote on bids for the first phase of school building repairs funded through the new half-cent County Schools Facilities Sales tax, three-year contracts for seven top administrators and vendors for the federal E-rate program, which discounts costs for telecommunications, Internet access and internal connections. Pam Adams can be reached at 686-3245 or padams@pjstar.com. Follow her on Twitter @padamspam.i   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Customer Service Newspaper in Education Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Nick in the AM Education State News Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Jonesboro Unlimited on target to raise capital goal Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly U.S. Secretary of Agriculture promises to help Arkansans hurt by flood waters Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Former foster child raises $10,000 to end others’ waiting, event raises more than $260,000 Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Jonesboro Unlimited on target to raise capital goal U.S. Secretary of Agriculture promises to help Arkansans hurt by flood waters Fort Smith spent an estimated $182,000 running recycling routes while not recycling Strategist: Fort Smith economy still ‘at risk,’ new approach to job training needed Video / Podcasts Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week New House Minority Leader Whitaker taking balanced approach to battles AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Senate President Dismang shares thoughts on healthcare, taxes and executions TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail ArcBest reports $7.40 million loss, stock down 20% Johnelle Hunt tells life story to trucking executives, ATA members USA Truck posts first quarter loss of $4.9 million, predicts an income gain in the third quarter ATRI releases list of 6 research priorities for 2017 Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us U.S. Secretary of Agriculture promises to help Arkansans hurt by flood waters AgricultureBusinessLatest NewsNortheast ArkansasTalk Politics by George Jared (gjared@talkbusiness.net) 10 hours ago 27 views  Tags: Arkansas flooding 2017 0 SHARES Share Tweet U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue (at podium) and Gov. Asa Hutchinson spoke Sunday (May 7) about the flood damage they viewed during an aerial tour of Northeast Arkansas. U.S. Secretary of Agriculture Sonny Perdue took an aerial tour Sunday over flood-ravaged Northeast Arkansas. Perdue promised the federal government would provide resources to help residents and farmers put their lives back in order. “The president asked me to come down and take a look … I was happy to do it,” Perdue said. The University of Arkansas Division of Agriculture estimates there could be at least $64.5 million worth of crop losses already. That number could grow as flood waters move south and east in the region. At least 10% of Arkansas’ rice crop could be lost. An estimated 100,000 rice acres have probably been destroyed or significantly impacted and that number is expected to rise. Arkansas farmers planted an estimated 1.2 million rice acres this spring. One of the key differences between the last epic flood to hit the state in 2011 and now is the timing. About 45% of the rice crop was in the ground when the levee system in Pocahontas ruptured six years ago, and widespread flooding occurred throughout the Mississippi Delta Region. This year, 89% of the rice crop has already been planted. Gov. Asa Hutchinson, U.S. Sen. John Boozman, R-Ark., U.S. Rep. Rick Crawford, R-Jonesboro, and U.S. Rep. French Hill, R-Little Rock, were among those who accompanied Perdue on the tour. Crawford was reportedly a candidate for the Agriculture Secretary post Perdue was given by President Donald Trump. There has been $21 million worth of damage done to businesses and that number is expected to climb, the governor said. At least nine people have lost their lives as a result of the floods and nothing can replace those losses, he added. Hutchinson said the state’s damage assessment process will begin Wednesday (May 10). A federal disaster declaration, one that would allow for federal resources to be used by individuals, business owners, governmental entities, and farmers, is based on the assessment. When asked by Talk Business & Politics how long it will take, Perdue said it was in the state’s control at this point. Once the assessment is complete, Perdue said he would “expedite the process” to help those impacted. What resources will be doled out will be determined by the extent of the damage, Perdue said. Farmers are likely to receive low interest loans as one option, he said. This is one of Perdue’s first trips in his Agriculture Secretary role and Crawford said he was thankful Perdue has the job. Crawford noted that Perdue is a farmer and is from the south. Many in control of agriculture policy in Washington D.C. are from Midwestern states, he said. “He’s a farmer. He speaks our language,” Crawford said. Floodwaters topped the primary earthen levee along the Black River in Pocahontas Tuesday (May 2), swamping the city’s eastern side. More than 300 people had to be evacuated. At least 50 homes were destroyed, and another 150 were damaged. U.S. 67 connecting the city to points east had to be be shutdown and a slew of businesses including the town’s Walmart Supercenter and McDonald’s were inundated by water. The river crested at nearly 30-feet, more than a foot higher than the all-time record set in 2011 when the town was decimated by flood waters. U.S. 63 near Portia was shutdown for almost two days. It’s the main highway artery connecting NEA with Northcentral Arkansas. U.S. 67 between Pocahontas and Walnut Ridge remains closed because of flood waters and there have been reports the highway may have been damaged as a result of the floods. Randolph County Chamber of Commerce Executive Director Tim Scott previously told Talk Business & Politics the economic impact will be “astronomical.” There are more than 500 businesses in Pocahontas and the surrounding county, and virtually all will be affected by the floods. Even those businesses not flooded lost a week of business and many were out of work. The area’s largest employer, Peco Foods has been closed for several days. It employs about 1,000 workers and the company needs several hundred more. Each day the plant processes 200,000 chickens, or about 1.4 million per week, Scott said. Its primary customer is Buffalo Wild Wings. Peco officials announced through social media that workers would be paid for the time off. Perdue said he couldn’t “wave a magic wand” to fix the damage caused in the Natural State. But, he’s familiar with the strife that comes with rising waters. Witnessing the devastation with his own eyes will make it easier for him to convince Trump and other agencies to allocate more resources to the state, he said. “I know the thrill of a great crop, and the despair of a flood,” he said. Comments comments Previous post Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Next post Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, drug money, ‘far away eyes,’ and gum and trinkets Latest Popular Jonesboro Unlimited on target to raise capital goal 5 hours ago Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers 5 hours ago Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly 5 hours ago Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules 8 hours ago U.S. Secretary of Agriculture promises to help Arkansans hurt by flood waters 10 hours ago Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem 12,901 views Broker, City Director Keith Lau launches plan for new development in downtown Fort Smith  4,745 views At Home adding Arkansas location near Interstate 49 in Rogers 4,414 views Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info 4,201 views Weldon, Williams & Lick to expand in deal with Florida ticket company 2,181 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 44° F Clear Hi: 60° F Lo: 42° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Ride 4 Justin motorcycle ride takes place in Southington May 7, 2017 The event is held in honor of Justin Wisniewski, a firefighter who died back in 2005 during a training session. More than 500 people participate in March of Dimes in New Haven May 7, 2017 More than 500 people came out to Lighthouse Point Park in New Haven on Sunday. Golfer wins new vehicle in golf tournament in Old Saybrook May 7, 2017 10-year-old girl in Florida pries open gator’s mouth to free her leg May 7, 2017 Family sues Texas officer, department in 15-year-old’s death May 7, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 44° F Clear Feels Like: 40° F Wind: WSW 7 Humidity: 76% Dewpoint: 37° F Sunrise: 5:41 AM Sunset: 7:55 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 44° F Clear Hi: 60° F Lo: 42° F Plainfield Police ask for public’s help identifying people in debit card fraud By Cailyn Blonstein, News 8 Online Content Producer Published: May 7, 2017, 4:24 pm Updated: May 7, 2017, 6:55 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Courtesy: Plainfield Police Department PLAINFIELD, Conn. (WTNH) — The Plainfield Police Department is asking for the public’s help in identifying people in connection to a debit card fraud that took place last month. Courtesy: Plainfield Police Department A debit card was stolen from the ATM at the Eastern Savings Bank in Plainfield and was used to purchase items in the Norwich area at the Norwich Walmart. Police say although the surveillance photos are not the best quality, if you have any information that may be used to identify these people or their vehicle, they want to hear from you. You can call them at (860) 564-0804. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Skimming device believed used to steal debit card information Westbrook Police search for bank robber Cars broken into in Durham; debit card stolen used in Meriden Police investigating car crash in Plainfield that sent two to hospital Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 47° Cloudy High: 63° | Low: 42° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Maine Crime Lost: A special report Nation & World Politics More in Politics Politics Gov. LePage Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards Red Sox College Sea Dogs Maine Red Claws Outdoors Community More in Community Celebrations Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Source Food Books Things to Do MaineToday.com Sudoku Crossword Real Estate More in Real Estate Home of the Week Design Local Offers More in Local Offers test Obituaries Jobs Auto More in Auto New Cars Index Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers News Posted Yesterday at 3:52 PM increase font size Morning Sentinel May 7 police log Waterville area police reports for May 7, 2017. Share Comment Read Article IN ANSON, Saturday at 4:26 p.m., a scam complaint was taken from Buswell Street. IN ATHENS, Saturday at 5:19 p.m., a disturbance was reported on North Road. IN BALD MOUNTAIN TOWNSHIP, Saturday at 1:24 p.m., a report of shots fired was taken. IN EMBDEN, Saturday at 2:22 p.m., agencies responded to a motor vehicle accident on New Portland Road. IN FAIRFIELD, Saturday at 10:36 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Main Street. Sunday at 1:49 a.m., a noise complaint was taken from Savage Street. IN PALMYRA, Saturday at 10:26 a.m., a report of larceny or fraud was investigated on Main Street. IN PITTSFIELD, Saturday at 11:15 a.m., police were called to assist another agency on North Main Street. 4:39 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Main Street. IN MADISON, Saturday at 11:44 a.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Bean Street. 5:46 p.m., a theft was reported on Main Street. 11:38 p.m., a disturbance was reported on Maple Street. IN OAKLAND, Saturday at 11:59 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Main Street. IN RIPLEY, Sunday at 8 a.m., criminal mischief was reported on West Ripley Road. IN SKOWHEGAN, Saturday at 9:47 a.m., police were called to assist another agency on Research Drive. 10:02 a.m., police made an arrest following a motor vehicle stop on Chandler Street. 1:40 p.m., someone was taken to the hospital following a call giving police information on Madison Avenue. 7:17 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Alder Street. 7:32 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Bridge Street. 8:31 p.m., an assault was reported on Waterville Road. 8:37 p.m., a domestic disturbance was reported on Waterville Road. IN WATERVILLE, Saturday at 12:36 p.m., police made an arrest following a report of shoplifting at Marden’s on Kennedy Memorial Drive. 4:49 p.m., a summons was issued following a report of shoplifting at Wal-Mart. 5:56 p.m., a report of an unwanted person was investigated on Drummond Avenue. 6:27 p.m., a summons was issued following a report of a bail violation on Elmhurst Street. 6:43 p.m., a disturbance was reported at Inland Hospital. 9:06 p.m., criminal mischief was reported at a business on Main Street. 10:27 p.m., police made an arrest following a report of a disturbance at Inland Hospital. 10:41 p.m., a personal injury accident was reported on Elm Street. 11:30 p.m., suspicious activity was reported on Hathaway Street. Sunday at 1:14 a.m., police made an arrest following a motor vehicle stop on Spring Street. 1:57 a.m., a disturbance was reported on Nelson Street. 3:30 a.m., a person was reported missing from Hazelwood Street. Arrests IN SOMERSET COUNTY, Saturday at 4:49 p.m., Casey Gene Reid, 29, of Pittsfield, arrested on a warrant for unpaid fines. 5:52 p.m., Christopher David Paquette, 46, of Fairfield, arrested on charges of refusing to sign a summons and disorderly conduct. 5:57 p.m., Jannelle Marie Carmack, 31, of Etna, arrested on a warrant for failure to appear on a theft charge. 6:41 p.m., Christopher Alan-Michael Paquette, 24, of Pittsfield, arrested on charges of disorderly conduct, loud unreasonable noise and refusing to sign a criminal summons. IN WATERVILLE, Saturday at 12:59 p.m., Richard Thompson, 51, Skowhegan, arrested on Airport Road on a charge of operating after suspension. 12:59 p.m., Joshua Jalbert, 29, of Smithfield, arrested on Airport Road on a warrant. 11:30 p.m., Stephanie Hutchinson, 37, of Waterville, arrested at Inland Hospital on a warrant. Sunday at 1:17 a.m., Rebecca Hessert, 41, of South China, arrested on Kennebec Street on charges of operating under the influence, operating without a license, reckless conduct, refusing to submit to arrest, eluding a police officer, leaving the scene of accident, violating the conditions of release, possession of scheduled drugs and on a probation hold. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. Recent Read Shared Texas ban on ‘sanctuary cities’ signed into law Freed schoolgirls meet Nigerian leader Pakistan claims it killed 50 Afghan border troops College roundup: Colby women's lacrosse, Thomas softball win conference titles Madison school district budget validation meeting is 7 p.m. Monday at the junior high school Deceased TV weatherman Tom Johnston would have been charged in sexual assault, police say Motorcyclist injured in collision with car in downtown Waterville Trust fund from Logan Marr's death to pay for sister's college Rep. Poliquin supports health bill, says only 7% of Mainers affected. Facts show otherwise Hollis man shot sons with BB gun as ‘rite of passage,’ state police say Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Feedback from Hallowell residents key to Fire Department vote Deceased TV weatherman Tom Johnston would have been charged in sexual assault, police say Maine's US Rep. Poliquin reportedly dodges question on latest Republican health bill Rep. Poliquin supports health bill, says only 7% of Mainers affected. Facts show otherwise Kennebec Journal KJ Morning Sentinel MS BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE Kennebec Journal Subscriptions Morning Sentinel Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Site Feedback Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a photo CONNECT e-Editions Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Special Sections Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Opinion Sports Obituaries NETWORK About MaineToday Portland Press Herald MaineToday.com Career Opportunities © 2017 MaineToday Media
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 IT Stocks to Buy Now Although massive in size, Apple, Alphabet, and Amazon remain some of the top IT stocks for long-term investors today. Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) May 7, 2017 at 1:48PM In case you missed it, technology stocks have been enjoying a golden decade. The Nasdaq Composite, an index made up of many of the top U.S. IT stocks, has outperformed more diversified benchmarks such as the S&P 500 over the past one-, three-, five-, and 10-year periods, led by compelling performances from technology companies like Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), Alphabet (NASDAQ:GOOG) (NASDAQ:GOOGL), and Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN).   Top IT Stock     Market Capitalization     P/E    Forward P/E   Apple $753 billion 17.2   14.0 Alphabet $608 billion 31.3   22.3 Amazon $438 billion 187 73.6 Data source: Yahoo! Finance. Many of these leading IT stocks remain fantastic investments, even as their market caps continue to swell to once-unfathomable heights. So let's further examine what makes these tech giants compelling stocks to buy today. What makes Apple a top IT stock Apple shares have been on quite the tear lately, gaining 46% over the past 12 months. However, the world's largest tech company sports some of the strongest fundamentals in in the industry and should be strongly considered as a core technology stock for many long-term portfolios. Thanks to the popularity of its iEmpire of consumer electronics, Apple's annual revenue consistently exceeds $200 billion. Moreover, the company's high-end price points give it a plum profit margin -- 39% on average over the past five years -- which makes the company a cash cow whose net cash balance is $158 billion and growing. The much-anticipated release of the iPhone 8 later this year and a host of potential high-impact projects should enable Apple to remain a top IT stock for years to come. Image source: Alphabet. What makes Alphabet a top IT stock The company that rules the Internet, Alphabet -- much like Apple and Amazon -- has only continued to strengthen its dominant business model in recent years. High-profile initiatives such as self-driving cars, Internet-beaming balloons, and the like make Alphabet seem like the corporate equivalent of a sixth-grade science experiment on steroids. However, in terms of tracking its profit generation, Alphabet is fairly straightforward. The company's original Google search and online advertising business generates nearly all the company's sales and profits. Better still, research continues to show that Alphabet and Facebook continue to capture increasingly large shares of the online advertising market.  The future remains bright for Alphabet. The online advertising market remains ripe for consolidation; analysts expect the space to grow from $550 billion in 2016 to $724 billion in 2020. Moreover, as often detailed by the press, Alphabet is fast at work developing new, innovative technologies. The company, like the others on the list, is busy skating where the puck is heading, and that tends to be a highly profitable strategy in the world of investing. What makes Amazon a top IT stock The top e-commerce company in the world has been in operation for more than 20 years now, but, in many ways, Amazon is just getting started, a fact many investors overlook. In this vein, it's important to consider the revolution Amazon is spearheading in the way we buy and sell items, and the true enormity of its growth potential. At the end of last year, e-commerce accounted for just 8.3% of all U.S. retail sales.  The number is strikingly similar worldwide, where an estimated 8.7% of all retail transactions occurred online in 2016, according to eMarketer. It's difficult to estimate the exact percentage of retail transactions that can and should take place online, but it's probably safe to say the long-term figure is substantially higher than the high single digits. And rest assured, Amazon intends to capture as much of this future market share as reality will allow. The company's e-commerce dominance, plus its high-margin Amazon Web Services cloud segment, have Wall Street estimating Amazon will grow its EPS at a 29% average annual rate over the next five years.  Of course, achieving this goal won't happen quickly or without its fair share of challengers. In that vein, regional e-commerce companies such as MercadoLibre in Latin America are fast at work establishing their own e-commerce ecosystems. Similarly, American retail power Wal-Mart seems to finally have given e-commerce its appropriate focus; I believe its 2016 acquisition of Jet.com will be looked back on as a watershed moment for the company.  However, Amazon is a unique company in many respects. Its extremely long-term focus and its ability and willingness to create innovative solutions to pain points throughout the global retail supply chain is without equal. There's enough room to accommodate multiple large-scale winners in the global retail industry, where sales are expected to rise to over $27 trillion by 2020, but  Amazon remains the top pick in this space. Like Apple and Alphabet, it's one of the best technology stocks to own right now. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Andrew Tonner owns shares of Apple. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and MercadoLibre. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Andrew Tonner (TMFTheDude) Andrew Tonner is a senior tech specialist for The Motley Fool. He is a graduate of The University of Arizona with a degree in Finance. Follow @andrewtonner Article Info May 7, 2017 at 1:48PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $148.96 up $2.43 (1.66%) Alphabet (A shares) NASDAQ:GOOGL $950.28 down $-4.44 (-0.47%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.50 up $0.16 (0.21%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $934.15 down $-3.38 (-0.36%) Facebook NASDAQ:FB $150.05 down $0.80 (-0.53%) MercadoLibre NASDAQ:MELI $275.16 up $38.65 (16.34%) Alphabet (C shares) NASDAQ:GOOG $927.13 down $-4.53 (-0.49%) Read More Apple Inc.'s iPhone 7 Plus Is Driving Average Selling Prices Higher Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Apple, Inc. Earnings: Growth Accelerates Apple Stock Has a Lot to Prove on Tuesday A Noted Investing Guru Has Some Advice for Apple Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 IT Stocks to Buy Now @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $GOOGL, $WMT, $AMZN, $FB, $MELI, $GOOG
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local News Police: Unclear if Goldsboro man was killed in car crash or shooting Green Guide Alligator bites girl in shallow lake waters at Florida park Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Mild, bright Sunday perfect for Downtown Raleigh Food Truck Rodeo Sponsor Weather 'God protected us:' Damage but no injuries after Granville tornado DUALDoppler5000 Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw PGA Raleigh's Murray fires caddie mid-round at Wells Fargo NASCAR Stenhouse scores 1st career Cup victory with last-lap pass Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Pinson, Rowan fail to land Combine invitations Canes make first move of the offseason Bears put new twist on State-Carolina rivalry Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business Detroit Packard car plant still in ruins 3 years after sale National News US Interior secretary begins Utah tour to eye monument sites Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: 'Clean bill of health?' Editorial: New health care bill sickens far more than it cures Editorial: Legislators need to get out of the courtroom and down to business Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Aunt Jemima recalls frozen pancakes for Listeria risk Business Looking for a job? These 5 areas are doing the most hiring Local News Deductibles will 'probably' rise under GOP health care bill, UNC professor says 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Business Researchers seek better ways to farm popular Pacific fish House & Home 6 tips to cut your monthly spending in half Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Food Impress your guests with fun, fresh snacks this summer Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Local News Raleigh couple faces deportation to Honduras Weather Falls Lake water release leads to flooded backyards, streets Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries 47° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family Food House & Home Travel Weather 47° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 6 NC counties are under alert, including Johnston County. Details Published: 2017-05-07 08:47:26 Updated: 2017-05-07 08:47:26 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Food Impress your guests with fun, fresh snacks this summer Posted 8:47 a.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/1815B Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters  Find News Near Me Raleigh, N.C. — Make living easy and delicious this summer with Mediterranean-style snacks, appetizers and party trays that are ready to serve in a snap. Whatever the occasion, from barbecues to graduations, you can have a full season of al fresco fun with these ideas. Decorating and serving tips Choose bright tulips, sunflowers and gerbera daisies for a cheery table setting. Cluster plates of appetizers with flowers for a pleasing presentation. When guests arrive, get a glass in their hands so they will feel welcome and ready to enjoy your delicious foods. The key to enjoyable entertaining is being both prepared and being part of the party. Create a self-serve atmosphere that gives you, the host, more freedom to enjoy time with your guests. Smart staples With smart staples on hand, it’s easy to get the party started. Olives, for example, are the centerpiece of the Mediterranean diet. Packed with flavor, they are wonderfully versatile. Combined with fresh flavors of seasonal produce such as asparagus, tomatoes, bell peppers and cucumbers, they can brighten any platter with a rich and satisfying burst of flavor. They are also a natural with any cheese, added to pasta, or served alongside hummus, rustic style breads and refreshing, summery wines. One, two, three skewers Try this tasty idea: Start with toothpicks to create single-serve skewers that guests can easily tote as they mingle. Choose three or four different kinds of olives, small cheese squares and slices of ready-to-eat meats. For example, begin with a Pearls Specialties Kalamata or Garlic Stuffed olive. Next add a slice of your favorite cheese cut into small squares and combine with a slice of salami, smoked ham or sautéed rings of flavorful sausage. Skewer everything for easy one-bite hors d’oeuvres. This combination of flavors will keep guests coming back for more. Simple snackers For an impressive plate of appetizers, top large whole grain crackers with a dollop of hummus and cross-cut slices of Kalamata olives. To add color, flavor and texture, try a beet or basil pesto hummus. Combine colors and flavors by adding thin cucumber slices, crumbled, marinated feta cheese or a tangy ready-made mango salsa. Serve immediately to keep the crackers crisp. These will disappear quickly and are very visually appealing. Homemade olive bar Choose an array of four or five different kinds of olives to feature on a large platter. For a variety of choices, check out Pearls Specialties Olives at local grocery stores, Target and Walmart, which offers Kalamata, Greek Queens stuffed with either garlic or jalapeno, a mixed Greek medley, and classic California Black Ripe olives. Pick up fresh cherry or grape tomatoes, a package of frozen tortellini with pesto sauce, and some bite size “bocconcini,” which are small mozzarella balls in olive either marinated with herbs and olive oil, or plain. Combine these items on one large platter in different sections and provide small snack plates and party picks for guests. With the right ingredients and cheery table settings, summer entertaining can be easy and fun. Credits Web Editor Jessica Patrick Copyright 2017 StatePoint.net. All rights reserved. Triangle Area Special Offers 20% Off Skin Rejuvenation Products! UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Enter To Win A $12,000 Bathroom Remodel Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 2-8 Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Local News Falls Lake water levels remain high after torrential rains Local News Fayetteville veteran accused of killing service dog found dead in home National News Police: 2 doctors found dead in penthouse likely knew killer Weather Falls Lake water release floods Raleigh neighborhoods Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Man jailed for creating 'world's largest child porn website' Local News Raleigh couple faces deportation to Honduras Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Entertainment WRAL SmartShopper Grand A Day Giveaway (Ends 5/18/17) Out and About 'Band Together' concert at Red Hat supports local charities Komen for the Cure Sea of pink celebration at Komen Triangle Race for the Cure Out and About Weekend best bets: Cinco de Mayo, Band Together Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Weather Weekend brings the eta Aquariid meteor shower on Earth, New Year on Mars Weather Weather Alert Center WRAL Investigates WRAL Investigates: License revoked but still on the road Entertainment Canada's Trudeau sports Star Wars socks on May the 4th Local News WRAL guide to graduations around the Triangle National News How House members from NC voted on Affordable Care Act repeal Go Ask Mom Dix Park to host weekend skywatching session Out and About New movies this week: Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Go Ask Mom Recipe: Chicken topped with feta Local News Raleigh woman detained by ICE, husband given self-deportation orders Weather Falls Lake water release floods Raleigh neighborhoods Local News NC State student returning from party killed in crash; 2 others injured Local News Man in truck 'reached for gun' when stopped by Durham police officer SmartShopper Share your Super Doubles totals! SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's Signature Crafted Sandwiches SmartShopper Updated: Harris Teeter Super Doubles list & weekly deals SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Out and About Downtown Nightlife Photos: May 2-8 Local News Wake Arrests Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Local News Falls Lake water levels remain high after torrential rains Local News Fayetteville veteran accused of killing service dog found dead in home National News Police: 2 doctors found dead in penthouse likely knew killer Weather Falls Lake water release floods Raleigh neighborhoods Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Man jailed for creating 'world's largest child porn website' Local News Raleigh couple faces deportation to Honduras Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Entertainment WRAL SmartShopper Grand A Day Giveaway (Ends 5/18/17) Out and About 'Band Together' concert at Red Hat supports local charities Komen for the Cure Sea of pink celebration at Komen Triangle Race for the Cure Out and About Weekend best bets: Cinco de Mayo, Band Together Fishing My Fish Friday 2017 Weather Weekend brings the eta Aquariid meteor shower on Earth, New Year on Mars Weather Weather Alert Center WRAL Investigates WRAL Investigates: License revoked but still on the road Entertainment Canada's Trudeau sports Star Wars socks on May the 4th Local News WRAL guide to graduations around the Triangle National News How House members from NC voted on Affordable Care Act repeal Go Ask Mom Dix Park to host weekend skywatching session Out and About New movies this week: Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Go Ask Mom Recipe: Chicken topped with feta Local News Raleigh woman detained by ICE, husband given self-deportation orders Weather Falls Lake water release floods Raleigh neighborhoods Local News NC State student returning from party killed in crash; 2 others injured Local News Man in truck 'reached for gun' when stopped by Durham police officer SmartShopper Share your Super Doubles totals! SmartShopper Giveaway: McDonald's Signature Crafted Sandwiches SmartShopper Updated: Harris Teeter Super Doubles list & weekly deals SmartShopper What's for dinner this weekend? SmartShopper Share your deals & questions this weekend WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices America's 12 most charitable companies The Motley Fool Seth McNew 6 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 7 reasons you could get less Social Security The 10 most counterfeited products in America Click to expand Replay Video How much are Trump's weekend trips costing? This weekend President Trump is working from his New Jersey golf club as taxpayers pick up the tab. Since the election, all of Donald Trump's weekend trips are taxpayer funded. Trump tweeted that he was spending the weekend in Bedminster, New Jersey to "avoid a big disruption" in New York City. He also said it "saves the country money" for him to get away. It's true that security is cheaper at his New Jersey home but it still costs residents a price. Wochit News Calif. regulations for recreational pot would limit potency, restrict access Six months after voters legalized marijuana, the state has released the first draft of regulations set to take effect Jan. 1. Peter Daut reports. CBS Los Angeles Unemployment rate at lowest in 10 years America's job market rebounded in April as employers added 211,000 jobs to the economy. CNN Money SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Richard Branson: Entrepreneurs need to fill the gap where government is lacking Business Insider See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next How much are Trump's weekend trips costing? Wochit News0:49 Calif. regulations for recreational pot would limit potency, restrict accessCBS Los Angeles2:12 Unemployment rate at lowest in 10 years CNN Money2:46 Why is Zuckerberg acting like he's running for president? CNN Money2:17 American Airlines' economy class is about to get more cramped Newsy1:14 Gin recalled for having too much alcohol Veuer0:46 Model 3: The key to Tesla's future? The Wall Street Journal.2:15 Tim Cook says iPhone rumor mill hurt sales Wochit Tech0:31 Eagles sue Hotel California Reuters1:10 This tech could save the construction industry $100 billion The Wall Street Journal.2:05 See the massive drill tunneling a subway under LA CNN Money1:09 Got a Google Docs invite? Don't click it. For now. The Washington Post1:04 Here are the new Superchargers Tesla is adding in 2017 Business Insider1:11 Collecting on your ex's Social Security CNBC1:50 Woman eats $7,000 in cash Veuer0:41 Is influencer marketing just a fad or here to stay? Forbes1:11 UP NEXT Video by Business Insider These healthcare, banking and tech companies are leading the way in investing in global change. Whether through cash donations or through providing their products and services free of charge to people and nonprofits in need, corporations across America are making billions of dollars' worth of charitable donations each year. Click ahead to see the nation's 12 most charitable companies, according to The Chronicle of Philanthropy's mid-2016 report (registration required), along with some of the causes these companies are giving to.  12. ExxonMobil © Provided by Fool (Image source: ExxonMobil.) First up is the oil and gas behemoth ExxonMobil (XOM), which gave more than a quarter of a billion dollars in 2015 alone (the most recent year for which data is available). The company has spread its donation efforts across various areas, from education to global health initiatives to malaria prevention. ExxonMobil also has a program to donate $500 on behalf of an employee for every 20 hours the employee volunteers. 11. Goldman Sachs © Provided by Fool Goldman Sachs employees volunteering in Bangalore in 2016. (Image source: Goldman Sachs.) Investments banks are driven solely by greed, and they only care about lining executives' pockets -- right? That's the image of big banks that's often played up in the media, but it turns out that Goldman Sachs (GS) is one of the biggest corporate givers in America. Goldman Sachs Gives, a donor-advised fund, has given more than $1 billion in grants to thousands of nonprofits in 80 countries worldwide. 10. Cisco Systems © Provided by Fool A community knowledge center in Kenya. (Image source: Cisco Systems.) Cisco Systems (CSCO) is already using its data and cloud computing technology to help develop "smart cities" around the world in places like Copenhagen, Denmark. But the company also uses its funding and technology to build "Community Knowledge Centers" in areas that lack internet access, such as in Kenya, as shown in the image above. These centers allow local residents to connect to online resources such as skills training. Cisco's management believes investments like these are critical to ending the cycle of poverty in these areas. 9. Wells Fargo © Provided by Fool (Image source: Wells Fargo.)  While Wells Fargo (WFC) has certainly come under public scrutiny over its problematic account-selling tactics in the last few months, the company has long been regarded as one of the most charitable for-profit organizations in the U.S. Wells Fargo supports hundreds of local nonprofits in the cities where it operates, as well as large national nonprofits that are involved in financial education and much more. Wells Fargo management announced its 2020 economic goals last year, and they include $500 million in philanthropic spending by 2020.  8. Eli Lilly © Provided by Fool (Image source: Eli Lilly.) Eli Lilly (LLY) is the maker of important pharmaceutical products like Prozac and insulin. It's also the parent of the Eli Lilly Foundation, which awards grants for philanthropic initiatives in the areas of quality healthcare in low- and middle-income countries, as well as public education in the United States, with an emphasis on science and math. The foundation also matches millions of dollars' worth of employee donations each year.  7. Bristol-Myers Squibb © Provided by Fool (Image source: Bristol-Myers Squibb.) Healthcare company Bristol-Myers Squibb (BMY) says on its website that it seeks "to improve the health outcomes of populations disproportionately affected by serious diseases" through increasing healthcare worker capacity and integrated medical care. The company recently announced a $50 million donation (matched with another $50 million from other donors) in a new public-private partnership with the government of Botswana to treat children with cancer and blood disorders. 6. Microsoft © Provided by Fool Microsoft employee Prashant Gupta in India. (Image source: Microsoft.)  Microsoft (MSFT) co-founder Bill Gates is not only one of the wealthiest people in the world, but also one of the most charitable -- he's the co-founder of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, which has donated tens of billions toward the cause of improving healthcare and relieving poverty around the world. Microsoft seems to hold similar values, as the company notes that it donates nearly $2 million per day in cash and equipment. Its philosophy is that technology can help humankind overcome some of the greatest challenges it faces.  In the image above, a Microsoft employee helps farmers in India use technology to better time their crops during a drought. 5. Alphabet © Provided by Fool A man uses Google Cardboard virtual reality headset to view the Veterans Day Parade. Alphabet's (GOOG, GOOGL) philanthropic efforts include donating its own services -- for example, it gives nonprofits free access to Google Adwords for advertising, and trains military veterans to learn new technologies as they transition to civilian jobs. The company also launches bold technological ventures that are meant to take dramatic steps toward solving the world's problems. For instance, the company provides funding and expertise to groups that can use the Google Earth tool to fight global deforestation. 4. Wal-Mart © Provided by Fool (Image source: Wal-Mart.) Wal-Mart (WMT) is the world's largest retailer by sales, and it also holds the spot as the largest donor in the retail industry. The company gives cash and product donations to nonprofits working on labor benefits, food for those in need, and much more. The company also sends aid to communities in the U.S. that are affected by natural disasters. In December it gave $250,000 toward relief and recovery efforts in areas of Tennessee that were being ravaged by wildfires. 3. Merck & Co. © Provided by Fool (Image source: Merck & Co.) Merck & Co., a leading healthcare company, donates both cash and medical resources, particularly within the communities where the company operates. It also aids in global initiatives to take on cancer, diabetes, hepatitis C, and HIV/AIDS. The company notes on its website that it donated $1.7 billion worth of products in 2015 alone.  2. Gilead Sciences © Provided by Fool    The second-largest corporate donor as of 2016 is Gilead Sciences (GILD). Gilead is one of the leaders in HIV/AIDS pharmaceuticals. Its products include a medication called Truvada, a form of pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) that blocks the virus from spreading between individuals. The company's top philanthropic priority is ending the global HIV/AIDS epidemic and making life-saving healthcare accessible in areas of need.  1. Pfizer © Provided by Fool (Image source: Pfizer) The most charitable Fortune 500 company in America is Pfizer (PFE). This healthcare company, which makes famous drugs like Viagra and Lipitor, seeks to build out healthcare opportunities for those in underserved communities worldwide through "people, products, and funding." As part of this goal, the company helps to fund programs that increase awareness of non-communicable diseases and that remove barriers preventing women and children from receiving sufficient care. If there's any doubt as to whether it's possible to reward shareholders while leading the nation in charitable giving, consider that the shares of these 12 companies gained an average of 78% over the last five years, compared with 67% for the S&P 500. We look forward to seeing which companies have increased their own corporate giving when the next edition of The Chronicle of Philanthropy's most charitable companies is released.  SPONSORED: 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market (as of April 3). David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now... and Wal-Mart wasn't one of them. That's right -- they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Seth McNew owns shares of Cisco Systems and Wells Fargo. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A shares), Alphabet (C shares), and Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool owns shares of ExxonMobil and has the following options: short June 2017 $70 calls on Gilead Sciences. The Motley Fool recommends Cisco Systems. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Motley Fool 5 Rock-Solid Dividend Secrets Any Retiree Can Use The Motley Fool Your Cable Company Was Just Placed on Life Support The Motley Fool Shark Tank Just Revealed a Trillion-Dollar Idea The Motley Fool The Motley Fool View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Design a unique Xbox controller (save $10) Hurry! Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Free Star Wars figure with select purchase Pre-order the new Surface Laptop now! Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: The 10 Highest-Yielding Dividend Stocks on the S&P 500 in May -- Which Are the Best Buys? There are stocks on the S&P 500 that pay dividends as high as 8.4%, but that doesn't mean they're great investments. Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) May 7, 2017 at 7:22AM The average stock on the S&P 500 pays a dividend yield of just under 2% as of May 2017, which is not exactly a thrilling payout for most income-seeking investors. However, there are some stocks on the index that have much higher dividends. Let's look at the 10 highest-paying stocks on the S&P 500 and see whether any of them are worth buying. Company Symbol Recent Share Price Dividend Yield CenturyLink CTL $25.53 8.4% Mattel MAT $21.99 6.8% Iron Mountain IRM $34.93 6.3% Seagate Technology STX $42.02 6% Kohl's Corporation KSS $38.17 5.6% Kimco Realty Corp KIM $20.40 5.3% Ford Motor Co F $11.47 5.2% Macy's M $28.72 5.2% Verizon Communications VZ $45.96 5% AT&T T $39.23 5% Table is author's own. Share prices and dividend yields current as of May 1, 2017. You should be wary of some of these stocks There are certainly some stocks on this list whose dividends are too good to be true. The top payer, telecom company CenturyLink (NYSE:CTL), is a prime example. A stock's payout ratio tells us how much of the company's earnings are being paid out as dividends. Lower is better, and a payout ratio in excess of 100% implies that the company is paying out more than it makes, and therefore the dividend might be unsustainable. Image source: Getty Images. Well, CenturyLink pays dividends at a rate of $2.16 per year, but analysts are only calling for earnings of $2.16 in 2017 -- which means the company's payout ratio is forecast to be exactly 100%. What's more, earnings are expected to drop to $2.09 next year. This is a little too high for comfort. Mattel (NASDAQ:MAT) looks even worse from a dividend safety standpoint. The company pays out $1.52 annually, but earned just $1.06 per share in 2016, for a sky-high payout ratio of 143%. Mattel also reported disappointing first-quarter results, and I wouldn't be surprised to see a dividend cut in the not-too-distant future. There are some good choices on this list Before you get discouraged, I'll say that the majority of the dividend stocks on this list have pretty safe payouts. In fact, there are some that I'd call excellent long-term investments. Specifically, I love the two real estate investment trusts (REITs) on the list, Iron Mountain (NYSE:IRM) and Kimco Realty (NYSE:KIM), and I actually own the former in my portfolio. By definition, REITs are supposed to pay out a high percentage of their earnings to maintain their tax benefits, so it's only natural that a couple of REITs made the top 10. Iron Mountain is a leader in records storage and security, and you can read my thorough discussion of why I like the company as a long-term investment here. Kimco is a retail REIT that specializes in shopping center properties anchored by defensive retail tenants such as TJX Companies, Wal-Mart, and Dollar Tree, and it has a fantastic track record of delivering market-beating performance and strong dividend growth. To name a couple more, Ford (NYSE:F) trades at an incredibly cheap valuation of just 7.4 times forward earnings, which are expected to cover the company's dividend more than 2.5 times over. Most analysts are expecting automaker earnings to fall significantly in the coming years, but Ford's low payout ratio should provide protection from a drop in profits. And Verizon (NYSE:VZ) and AT&T (NYSE:T) are excellent income investments with consistent earnings and low volatility. The Foolish bottom line A high dividend all by itself isn't necessarily a good or bad thing. As we've seen, some of the stocks on this list don't even earn enough money to cover their dividend payments, while others earn more than enough to sustain their payouts and reward shareholders for years to come. The bottom line is that any dividend is only as strong as the company paying it, so be sure to do a little digging before diving in to any of these high-dividend S&P 500 stocks. Matthew Frankel owns shares of AT&T; and Iron Mountain. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ford and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Matthew Frankel (TMFMathGuy) Matt brought his love of teaching and investing to the Fool in 2012 in order to help people invest better. Matt specializes in writing about the best opportunities in bank stocks, REITs, and personal finance, but loves any investment at the right price. Follow me on Twitter to keep up with all of the best financial coverage! Follow @TMFMathGuy Article Info May 7, 2017 at 7:22AM Investment Planning Stocks Verizon Communications NYSE:VZ $46.69 up $0.81 (1.77%) AT&T NYSE:T $38.56 up $0.55 (1.45%) Ford NYSE:F $11.14 up $0.14 (1.27%) Mattel NASDAQ:MAT $22.12 up $0.34 (1.56%) CenturyLink NYSE:CTL $23.60 down $0.14 (-0.59%) Iron Mountain NYSE:IRM $35.26 up $0.51 (1.47%) Kimco Realty NYSE:KIM $19.94 down $0.02 (-0.10%) Read More 3 Stocks That Blew the Market Away This Week's 5 Dumbest Stock Moves Own These Stocks? Thank the Fed This Week's 5 Dumbest Stock Moves A Reduced Payout Could Be in the Cards for These High-Yield Dividend Plays Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current The 10 Highest-Yielding Dividend Stocks on the S&P 500 in May -- Which Are the Best Buys? @themotleyfool #stocks $VZ, $T, $F, $MAT, $CTL, $IRM, $KIM
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Manitoba LIVE Manitoba More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Manitoba Opinion Customer disservice: Canadian consumers need to stand up and be counted United Airlines case isn't rare in the world of terrible customer service, says Jo Davies By Jo Davies, for CBC News Posted: May 07, 2017 4:00 AM CT Last Updated: May 07, 2017 4:00 AM CT Demonstrators protest outside the United Airlines terminal at O'Hare International Airport on April 11 after a cellphone video was released showing a passenger being dragged from his seat by airport police. Jo Davies says that incident, and United's initial response, was a massive customer service blunder, but not a rare case. ( Scott Olson/Getty Images) About The Author Jo Davies Jo Davies is a freelance writer and office assistant who is never at a loss for an opinion. She is currently writing her first novel, set in Jamaica. Related Stories 'This is a turning point for United,' CEO Oscar Munoz tells lawmakers Canadians need to grow a consumer backbone: Opinion Winnipegger Janine LeGal weighs in on good and bad customer service … and 311 MARKETPLACE: Canada’s Worst Customer Service: Store Edition UNDER THE INFLUENCE: Tales of customer service Air Miles sends belated apology to collectors after learning 'humbling lessons' in 2016 Not happy with pick and pay TV? CRTC says it's up to you to find a better deal Bank customers ticked off with long waits, higher fees Cellphone horror stories told in consumer advocate report 'The more I cried, the more they laughed': Rude customers part of the job for retail workers In hospitality, customers are a big cause of workplace bullying United Airlines has decided to up its customer service game. Not hard, considering the abysmal depths to which they've recently sunk. If you've been on Mars recently, you missed the incident where a United passenger was forcibly removed from his seat and dragged off a plane, incurring broken front teeth and a concussion. This, in order to allow United employees to fly home on the overbooked flight. Customer service rating? Minus a million. CEO of United & other airlines grilled in D.C. on Tuesday over customer service Apparently, United will offer up to $10,000 to passengers who are asked to give up their seats. Sounds like a great deal for United customers, but not a very bright move on the airline's part. Here's a thought, United: how about NOT treating your passengers like cattle and regularly overbooking flights? You'd likely lose less money and increase your customer satisfaction ratings overall.   United's situation isn't rare. A quick scan of the internet shows customer service fails in abundance. MARKETPLACE: Canada's Worst Customer Service Air Miles sends apology to members for not living up to expectations in 2016 CRTC tells dissatisfied TV customers to 'demand better' and shop around Bank customer satisfaction waning amid high fees, less service Even here in friendly Manitoba, customer service seems to be rocket science for a lot of folks. Ever try finding a sales clerk in Home Depot when you need one? The Holy Grail is easier to locate. As for restaurants, stores and movie theatres, it seems everywhere I go is staffed by people who don't realize that a genuine smile and a sincere, "Hello, can I help you?" goes a long way to making clientele feel valued. A recent trip to the U.S. was an eye-opener, if only for the reaction I received from sales clerks and cashiers everywhere. The sales staff at one ladies' clothing store were so utterly helpful and friendly, I was sure they'd mistaken me for family. Some consumers might not prefer it, but I for one appreciate being waited on, especially when parting with my hard-earned dollars. Suffice to say: the United States has many challenges, but customer service isn't one of them.   I'm not sure why customer service has mostly gone the way of the dodo here. Is it because Canadians are generally quieter and more unassuming? Are friendliness and professionalism beyond us? A shopper at a New York Topshop store. Jo Davies says in her experience, customer service in U.S. stores is superior to what's offered in Canada. (Brendan McDermid/Reuters) I admit I'm slightly taken aback when faced with an enthusiastic sales clerk here. My first reaction is to question their sanity. Take the difference between Walmart greeters here and south of the border. Here, it's rare that any make eye contact, never mind actually welcoming you to the store. I can't tell if it's because they are shy or if they are worried they will put off customers. Is it just our Canadian-ness that is quashing any customer service superstars? Canadians need to grow a consumer backbone: Neil Macdonald Is it lack of training for sales and wait staff? Is no one setting a good example for them? Maybe I'm overestimating the common sense of treating customers with warmth and energy. Just because I know the importance of good customer service, it doesn't necessarily mean that people in the service industry are aware of the niceties expected of them by the paying public. The young man that served me at McDonald's last week didn't once crack a smile. As far as I'm concerned, that's the fault of his manager or his training. A positive example from business owners and/or managers goes a long way to showing employees how they should behave with customers. 'Is it just our Canadian-ness that is quashing any customer service superstars?' - Jo Davies Am I just expecting too much from the (mostly) young people in these jobs? Most of the places I go offer their employees low-paying service jobs. Is it that these millennials feel that any extra effort on their part isn't warranted in light of their low wages? Are they saving their smiles and hustle for the future, when they are being paid a living wage and feel more appreciated? I worked in the fast-food industry in my final year of high school, when the minimum wage was a third of what it is now. Yet consumer surveys say that people see customer service as worse now than it was in previous years. 'The more I cried, the more they laughed': Rude customers part of the job for retail workers In hospitality, customers are a big cause of workplace bullying In this age of social media, bad customer service experiences tend to be shared faster than Donald Trump takes off for Mar-a-Lago on a Friday afternoon. And human nature being what it is, people are more likely to share negative stories than positive ones. As such, businesses need to be more careful than ever about how they treat their clientele, or suffer from bad reviews online for the foreseeable future — at least one recent survey said that Canadians are far less likely than other consumers to make a fuss online over bad service. They just leave without saying anything and never go back.     Negative online reviews led to threats of legal action from targeted businesses Consumers need to stand up and be counted. Bad customer service needs to be pointed out. Ask to speak to the manager if you encounter poor service. Take the time to fill out customer service surveys. Companies need to be held to account if their employees provide shoddy service. It all goes back to the concept of being treated the way you allow yourself to be treated. If you want better customer service, you need to demand it. After all, it's not rocket science. This column is part of CBC's Opinion section. For more information about this section, please read this editor's blog and our FAQ. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Monday Chance of showers 20°C Tuesday Sunny 19°C Wednesday Sunny 13°C Thursday Sunny 14°C Friday Sunny 18°C More Weather | Latest Manitoba News Headlines Blue Bombers select Faith Ekakitie 1st overall in CFL draft read comments Manitobans eye opportunity in marijuana legalization Winnipeg soccer fans cheer on news of pro team 'Why not? We have extra': Community Cupboard provides food in Winnipeg Federal, provincial governments launch 2-year rent subsidy program in Brandon Must Watch Teghan's top 5 things to do 2:02 Clear your schedules, 'cause there's way too much can't-miss stuff going on this weekend and a truly odd number of annual events planned in a three-day span. Police chief warns mobile-device users to pay attention to their surroundings 1:22 Police Chief Danny Smyth is warning Winnipeggers to pay attention to their surroundings when they use mobile electronics. Top News Headlines 'People are dying out there': New guidelines for prescribing opioids encourage doctors to put down the pad Centrist Emmanuel Macron becomes France's youngest president read comments video 'Just not right': Critics question fairness of pesky added cellphone fees read comments Grandson fills 600 sandbags, but can't save 93-year-old grandmother's home read comments Justin Trudeau takes a lot of questions, but doesn't always answer read comments Most Viewed Man rushed to hospital after falling from Winnipeg apartment 'Why not? We have extra': Community Cupboard provides food in Winnipeg 1st creep catcher case reported in Manitoba, RCMP say Customer disservice: Canadian consumers need to stand up and be counted Time to change snow-clearing policy, snow plow association says Missing 33-year-old Winnipeg man believed to be safe Manitobans eye opportunity in marijuana legalization 'It's not safe for people of colour': Manitoban living in U.S. plans to return to Winnipeg Winnipeg soccer fans cheer on news of pro team Special Coverage UPGRADE AT RRC Red River College unveil plan for $95M Innovation Centre at Exchange District campus Project will involve new building, renovations to Scott Fruit Company warehouse on Elgin Avenue In depth CBC Manitoba ITeam investigates CBC digs deeper on the stories of the day CBC Investigates Manitoba mulls privatizing province-run air services Confidential documents show PCs are interested in privatizing government's air services branch CBC Investigates Structural weakness, coercion and duress: a condo project goes off the rails Developer Legacy Homes did not comply with court order to do repairs on Riverside Glen development Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca

Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 08, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / Little Rock school updates at stake in tax election Vote on 14-year millage extension accents district divisions on bond debt, board By Cynthia Howell , Aziza Musa This article was published May 7, 2017 at 4:30 a.m. PHOTO BY JEFF MITCHELL Little Rock School District Superintendent Mike Poore views an unusable restroom at McClellan High School during a recent tour. The district’s millage proposal would include a $90 million high school in southwest Little Rock to replace McClellan and J.A. Fair. Comments (9) aAFont Size Little Rock businessman Gary Smith (center), leader of the Rebuild Our Schools campaign, is surrounded by a coalition of Little Rock School District t... Sen. Joyce Elliott, D-Little Rock, is shown in this photo. Former Little Rock School District Superintendent Baker Kurrus is shown in this 2016 file photo. John Walker, an attorney for Little Rock students and families in a lawsuit alleging disparate facilities and academic programs, is shown in this phot... Arkansas Department of Education Commissioner Johnny Key is shown in this photo from February 9, 2017. Information about planned capital improvement projects Information about Little Rock voting locations For the first time in 17 years, Little Rock School District residents will vote Tuesday on a proposed change in the district's tax structure. Leaders in the state's largest district are asking voters to extend 12.4 of the district's 46.4-mill tax rate by 14 years, from 2033 -- when the mills are now to due to expire -- to 2047. Voter approval of the extension would enable the district to borrow as much as $202 million to pay off its existing debt at a lower interest rate while also generating $160 million to help with new school construction and updates to all campuses. The projects include a new $90 million high school in southwest Little Rock to replace McClellan and J.A. Fair high schools; conversion of the McClellan campus for another school use; a new physical education complex at Mabelvale Middle; improved athletic facilities; and new roofs, windows, lighting and heating and air conditioning systems throughout the district. [DOCUMENT: Little Rock School District's estimated debt service schedule] Annual school tax bills would not increase if the tax plan is approved, but property owners would pay the same yearly tax rate for more years. The final opportunity for early voting in the special election will be 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday at the Pulaski County Regional Building, 501 W. Markham St. Polling places will be open 7:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. Tuesday at locations throughout the school district. The debate leading up to the tax election has been fierce between citizen coalitions for and against the extended mills and increased bond debt. The proposal has divided some of the city's most prominent business, education, and government leaders into different camps. [DOCUMENT: Resolution from Education Commissioner Johnny Key] One side -- the Rebuild Our Schools Now campaign -- sees the tax plan as a financially painless way to start on needed building improvements throughout the 24,000-student district. The other camp -- Citizens Against Taxation Without Representation -- sees the plan as a risky, costly increase in the district's long-term bond indebtedness at a time when the district is under state direction without a locally elected, accountable school board. The Little Rock district was taken over by the state in January 2015 because six of its 48 schools were labeled by the state as being in academic distress. The six schools have since been reduced to three schools. Little Rock businessman Gary Smith, leader of the Rebuild Our Schools campaign for the tax extension, said last week that the district has an opportunity with the election to improve facilities and the atmosphere in schools without raising taxes. [DOCUMENT: Baker Kurrus position on May 9 special election on millage extension] "You have to start somewhere," Smith said. "And this is the beginning. If we are going to compete with surrounding cities and districts, we have to take this step to provide adequate, safe, comfortable facilities for our kids. All of the other issues that people raise [against the tax plan] have nothing to do with the facilities and taking care of the kids. All of the other issues are going to be resolved over time, but we don't have any control over them. We do have control over this and we can do it now." Smith also said that the district will eventually regain an elected school board. "When they come back, they can either be in a position that this major step has been taken and they have something to build on or they could start at ground zero, and the uphill battle is going to be steeper the next time out," he said. "If you want to give a school board the best shot to be successful, this is the best way to do it." Gov. Asa Hutchinson, who is registered to vote in Benton County, said in an interview Friday that he has a lot of confidence in the direction of the state-run Little Rock district, but it "clearly" needs some building improvements. "The students deserve to have better facilities," he said. "Some of the areas that have the greatest need are in southwest Little Rock, and they deserve that support. So, to me, it's a logical step. It's financially sound and it will improve the attractiveness of the public school system in Little Rock and its performance." The governor said he is "fully committed" to returning the district to an elected school board as soon as the remaining three schools in academic distress have the label removed. Families and businesses want to go to cities with strong school systems, he said. "And it's not sufficient, in my judgment, to say we've got a great private school system or that we've got wonderful charter schools," he said. "We have to be able to say the public school system in the Little Rock School District is strong academically with dedicated teachers, and I'm confident we'll be able to say that in the near future." Act 930, which goes into effect in August, could expedite the return to local control because the new law adds more flexible standards -- not just students' scores on standardized tests -- for determining school performance, he said. No one, he added, wants to see the district fail. "If the state can for a time walk alongside and help it to accomplish those objectives, I think it's a positive thing," Hutchinson said. "And I hope in the end, when it's returned to local control, it will be seen as something that actually worked." Sen. Joyce Elliott, D-Little Rock, a retired high school teacher, called the Little Rock district tax proposal and building plan "a huge mistake," and said "our kids deserve more than what we are putting forth here -- what are in so many ways stopgap measures." Elliott said it is important to have elected, accountable officials in place -- rather than state Education Commissioner Johnny Key -- to oversee the district before greater debt is incurred and to ensure that money is spent in the ways patrons of the district expect. "I do think we are going to get one bite at the apple of going to our voters and asking for a millage extension or an increase. It seems to me to be more prudent to have a long-term plan in place and deliver to our students world-class buildings along with world- class academics, rather than this kind of patchwork thing that we are doing," Elliott said. Elliott said she wants greater certainty about the financial condition of the district and assurances that the money put into the buildings will be well-spent in terms of the long-term use of the schools. She noted that the district is closing three schools and repurposing a fourth in the coming school year as a money-saving measure -- a decision that she said was not anticipated by district residents. She said the lack of locally elected representation in the district is huge to her. "The state Board of Education could turn this district back over to the patrons today if they decided too, and nobody bothers to try to make it plain to us or tries to defend why it is OK to keep these schools under the big foot of the state Board of Education when we are supposed to be there because of academic distress. There is no case to be made that this school district is in academic distress. "It is an abuse of power," she said, adding that it is supported by city government and business leaders who say that local control should be restored but "don't lift a finger to make it so." Elliott has been publicly joined in her opposition to the tax extension by former Pulaski County Circuit Judge Marion Humphrey; former Little Rock School Board member Jim Ross; former Little Rock Superintendent Baker Kurrus; Save Our Schools organization leader Anika Whitfield; Pulaski County Circuit Judge Wendell Griffen; and Pulaski County Justice of the Peace Donna Massey, among others. Last month, Kurrus issued a statement opposing the tax plan because of concerns about the district's ability to afford new bond debt at a time when new and expanded state-approved charter schools jeopardize the district's enrollment and financial stability. Smith, the leader of the campaign for the tax extension, said in response that Kurrus as superintendent in the 2015-16 school year suggested a similar plan for investing in buildings, relying on $50 million in district budget cuts -- compared with $41 million in cuts the district will have made as of next school year -- and new bond debt of $165 million. John Walker, an attorney for Little Rock students and families in a lawsuit alleging disparate facilities and academic programs, said that the tax plan isn't sufficient to correct all the problems -- including the construction of a new high school, and the repurposing of the McClellan campus into a middle school or a kindergarten-through-eighth-grade school. "The schools in southwest Little Rock are otherwise falling down and they are in no way equal to ones in west Little Rock ... that have been well maintained over the years," Walker said. Walker also noted that the district's own study done by a team of consultants showed the district needed in excess of $300 million in work. "They are not addressing the needs of black students," said Walker, whose case against the district goes to trial in July. Those who have come out in public support of the school district's tax plan include Mayor Mark Stodola and most of the Little Rock Board of Directors; former Little Rock School Board President Greg Adams; and Little Rock Education Association President Cathy Koehler, although the employees union itself chose not to take a position on the tax plan. Key, the education commissioner, has committed to supporting the use of the money on the district's list of identified projects. The Little Rock district last asked for a change in its tax levy in 2000, when voters approved a 5-mill increase to a total of 46.4 mills. Money generated by that 2000 tax increase and related bond issues has been used over time for the purchase of classroom technology as well as dozens of capital improvement projects, including the new Roberts Elementary School; a new classroom building and fine arts wing at Horace Mann Magnet Middle School; new classroom wings at Hall High School and Terry Elementary; and improvements at Pulaski Heights Elementary and Middle schools. After 2000, the annual school election ballots in the Little Rock district included only the district's current tax rate. No tax changes were proposed and the district's tax rate remained unchanged at 46.4 mills. A millage question is on the school election ballot every year -- even when no change is proposed -- because Article 14, Section 3 of the Arkansas Constitution requires an annual vote on a school tax rate. The 12.4 debt-service mills now at issue in the Little Rock district raise $43.1 million a year, of which $13.5 million is earmarked this year for bond debt. The surplus of almost $30 million a year is used to meet other district operating costs, including maintenance, equipment, salaries and utilities. If the proposed tax extension is approved by voters, allowing the refinancing of existing bonds and the issuing of new bonds, the district's debt service -- principal plus interest -- would increase to an estimated $21.4 million in each year between 2019 and 2041. The debt payment would drop to about $3.7 million a year between 2042 and 2047. At the top of the list of building projects proposed by Superintendent Mike Poore is the new high school, which would be funded with $55 million from the $160 million in bond money The district also would apply its final year of state desegregation aid -- $37.3 million -- to the high school. Poore has said that the high school likely will be built regardless of the outcome of the millage vote but could take longer. The other projects also would be delayed if they are done at all. The new high school for 2,250 students is planned for undeveloped land between Mabelvale Pike and Mann Road, behind the Home Depot and Wal-Mart stores. The Polk Stanley Wilcox architecture firm has designed a three-story L-shaped academic building that includes a media center, dining space, and a 1,200-seat auditorium. Other features include a football/soccer stadium, an arena, an auxiliary gym, a field house a combination practice field and competitive track, softball and baseball fields, and tennis courts. In obtaining a new high school, the Little Rock district will join other districts that have built or extensively remodeled high schools in recent years. Those schools have been built in a range of sizes and costs. El Dorado High School, for example, opened in 2011, at a cost of about $43 million for 317,000 square feet and a capacity of 1,600 students, according to news reports at the time. More recently, the North Little Rock School District opened a largely new, 488,000-square-foot high school in August 2015 for 3,000 students at a cost of about $109 million, including furnishings. Bentonville West High School, a campus of 430,000 square feet, opened in August to more than 1,200 students at a cost of $80 million, according to news accounts at the time. The Pulaski County Special School District opened the new Maumelle High in 2011. It cost $65 million, including $5 million for the land, for a capacity of 1,500 students. Mills University Studies High in the Pulaski County Special district is currently under construction to be a 150,000-square-foot facility. It is projected to cost $50 million and will serve a capacity of 750 students, Derek Scott, the district's executive director of operations, said last week. Scott said the square-foot cost is about $204. The proposed expansion of Sylvan Hills High School, also in the Pulaski County Special district, hinges on a millage extension vote at a special election in June. The expansion is projected to cost as much as $65 million for a capacity of 2,200 students. The project will include some renovation and reuse of existing facilities at the campus. Scott expects the Sylvan Hills project to cost as much as $220 per square foot. The new Jacksonville/North Pulaski district is in the early stages of building a replacement for Jacksonville High. Superintendent Tony Wood said he expects the cost of the 283,832-square-foot school to be about $63 million for an initial student capacity of 1,400. Wood said he would be shocked if the bids for the new school are less than $200 a square foot. Unlike the Little Rock and Pulaski County Special districts, the Jacksonville district qualifies for state aid for its building projects. Wood said he doesn't try to compare costs of school buildings around the state or in central Arkansas. "Every project is so unique, depending on its site and so many other variables," Wood said last week. Metro on 05/07/2017 Print Headline: LR school updates at stake in tax election Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Arkansas Arkansas man dies after Jeep hits tree Man found dead in his trunk in Arkansas Little Rock raises reward for info on 2-year-... Ex-officer charged in Arkansas girl's sex ass... Little Rock school updates at stake in tax el... Battery count filed in man's shooting Arkansas bridge's loss again cuts off home Arkansas judge rules '86 teen killer is now e... Little Rock police to enforce in-road solicit... More Arkansas stories > Comments on: Little Rock school updates at stake in tax election To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 9 of 9 total comments NoUserName says... May 7, 2017 at 8:38 a.m. Ridiculous. So, 60% of the revenue this tax brings in goes to operating expenses. And LRSD wants us to extend for debt service? Just use the 60% that I assume was earmarked for debt when the tax was originally sold. ( permalink | suggest removal ) KnuckleBall says... May 7, 2017 at 9:32 a.m. NoUserName, these buildings are old and outdated, I am surprised it is not higher. On a more important matter, these people are damned if they vote either way. If they vote no, Johnny Key with all his educational knowledge will make the citizens of Little Rock pay for not voting the way he wants and our Possum Grinning Govenor will not say a word. If they vote yes, they will not have a say in how the money is spent. That will be Johnny Key and his puppet Superintendent....and the tax dollars will still be paying for their ideas years after they are gone...!!! ( permalink | suggest removal ) PopulistMom says... May 7, 2017 at 10:32 a.m. I know that they need new buildings, but I'd like to see money for tutoring, reading assistants, and summer programs. ( permalink | suggest removal ) NoUserName says... May 7, 2017 at 10:34 a.m. The fact remains that the school district did nothing to plan for the loss of de-seg funds. They are using the debt millage to support operations. They did nothing to update these buildings apparently for decades. Sorry, but I don't find paying MORE as the answer to mismanagement. Incidentally, since about 2000, the cost of building these schools has doubled on a per square foot basis. And we can forget the local control mantra. The local idiots are a big part of that mismanagement. Good thing the public is always there to foot the bill, huh? And Pop, before YOU chime in, yes, I know. Good schools can help. LRSD's problems go deeper. So deep that no amount of money is going to fix a thing. ( permalink | suggest removal ) NoUserName says... May 7, 2017 at 10:58 a.m. Then again, if resident idiots Joyce Elliot, John Walker, Jim Ross, and Wendell Griffen are against it, maybe I should be for it. ( permalink | suggest removal ) eejames_ualr.edu says... May 7, 2017 at 12:18 p.m. I'm against it for not obvious reasons. 1. The interest in this new debt be 12.9% 2. They state paid a final deseg payment strictly for facilities of $230 million dollars ? Where is it 3. Passing off debt to my grandkids is unfathomable. 4. Ja fairs facility is in great shape... what is the plan for it? 5. Which contractors and companies that may or may not be chamber members will be benefiting for even more lucrative contracts with the LRSD 6. The land for the new high school has not been approved for that type of Development yet . 7. Of enrollment is declining as they say why would you go into debt, especially when teachers are being displaced, let go, building closed to "save money" Where is the savings going ? 8. Johnny key has been ineffective as the school board in dealing with parents, communicating with them, etc. the district has major internal issues. 9. They keep citing other towns ... that only have one high school . We have 5 now possibly four, one of which because it's historic can't be really remodeled, Parkview and McCllellan are the same Age , yet it's been kept up marvelously. Hall has had extensive additions and work done, fair has a 1.2 million dollar softball field , but now it needs to be closed . 10. They cited air conditioning in gyms. Most of the high schools Have one unit . Coaches don't use them because .... it's bad for the athletes. 11. Mann has had an addition , demolition, in theblast 5 years. 12. I was at forest heights yesterday ... playground is getting remodeled. The districts ills are a micro reflection of the ills of Little Rock. It is going to take major culture shifts for black and white for this mess to be fixed. And some parental accountability, student responsibility first. And for the district to adhere to the rules it has in place for all students and to follow state mandates and law for discipline , period. Handing them more money is like giving your teen who habitually sneaks out the keys to your Audi with a full tank of gas and saying go to bed. ( permalink | suggest removal ) gohogs17 says... May 7, 2017 at 4:20 p.m. New schools don't help anyone learn, you have to have the desire, most don't. ( permalink | suggest removal ) RBBrittain says... May 7, 2017 at 5:38 p.m. New buildings can help, but NOT at the expense of local control. I'm still waiting for an explanation as to *WHY* a handful of LRSD schools being academically deficient justified removing the ENTIRE SCHOOL BOARD???!!!??? Maybe that's one good thing about moving to Jacksonville -- the locals here DID get their school board back... ( permalink | suggest removal ) NoUserName says... May 7, 2017 at 9:21 p.m. My dear, this is the same school board that hired a super who a) was a high level admin at a school district found to inflate black graduation rates and b) lost his degree. Why should we be in a hurry to get our locally elected school board back? It's not like they've done a bang up job for the last 30 years. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Irritation at Arkansas judges stirs talk of change (22 comments) Church-politics order divides pastors (14 comments) Lodging tax goes to North Little Rock council (10 comments) Laughing matters aren't alway funny (9 comments) Little Rock school updates at stake in tax election (9 comments) Man, girlfriend arrested in fatal stabbing of remodeling worker in Little Rock, police say (34 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Sections News Eric Frein Trial Trump Weather Archives Obituaries Business Stocks Education Data Center NEPA 911 Health-Science Local History Gas Drilling Courts State Sports High School Penn State RailRiders Penguins Gameface Golf Motorsports Wildlife Varsity570 Lifestyles Curtain Call Student Artists Calendar Life events Food and wine 10 things Mothers Home and Garden On The Record Crossword Times Traveler My Town Scranton Dunmore Abingtons Downvalley Midvalley Upvalley N. Pocono Wayne Wyoming Susquehanna Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Submit Letter Cole Cartoon Blog Blogs Chris Kelly Blog John Cole Cartoons High School Sports Penn State RailRiders Photo Blog Local History The Borys Blog WildLife Blog Contact Print Subscription Print Advertising NIE Press Pass Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Smart Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Scranton Times-Tribune All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital SMART Edition of The Times-Tribune on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at thetimes-tribune.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device, read the Smart Edition sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Lifestyles • Obituaries • Opinion • Contact • Classifieds • Marketplace • Smart Veterans 5/7/2017 High School Sports Blog Chris Kelly Blog: Christopher J. Kelly, is the Scranton Times-Tribune Columnist. My Town: Read and comment on news, sports, features and opinion from your local community: Court Notes: Complete listings of marriage licenses, property transactions, tax liens, estates filed News Flash: Get news alerts from the Times-Tribune on your mobile phone or in your email. Education Databases: Searchable databases on demographics, test scores, financial information and te Most Read Recent Comments Two Scranton men among 18 charged in death of PSU pledge Local History: Teens toting sawed off shotguns terrorized Scranton in 1931 Woman to prison for arranging sex between 40-year-old man and 14-year-old girl Geisinger Commonwealth School of Medicine confers degrees CHRIS KELLY: The man who won’t be ‘czar’ After readers suggest worst potholes in area, reporter and editor go on 'pothole patrol' Missing woman sent text to family CHRIS KELLY: The man who won’t be ‘czar’ Tom Marino just said no to being Donald Trump’s top general in the eternal “War on Drugs.” The Republican congressman claimed his 83-year-old mother’s poor health made it impossible for him to accept this “enormous honor.”0. (read more) Missing woman sent text to family BROOKLYN TWP. — State Police at Gibson were searching Saturday for a missing woman who sent her family a text message stating she was trapped in her car. (read more) Walk brings mental health awareness, free hugs Vanessa White Fernandes offered a hug to anyone who wanted one Saturday. During the annual Walk for Mental Health Awareness at Nay Aug Park, dozens of people embraced Fernandes and her idea. (read more) Race raises mental health awareness, money for scholarship As long as the University of Scranton exists, a Ryan T. O’Malley Memorial Scholarship will exist, too. (read more) Surgeons and physicians area's top average wage earners A truck driver from Wilkes-Barre might earn just $670 less than someone doing the same job in Philadelphia, but less money goes a lot further here where the cost of living is significantly lower. (read more) Montrose native says 'I do' to bridal shop and photography MONTROSE — As a high school senior, Seneca Lewis convinced her dad to visit a bridal shop for sale. The 18-year-old who loved photography had planned to go to art school, but she decided to adjust her focus. (read more) Local luminaries grilled in history trivia game Artifacts providing a glimpse into the storied history of Northeast Pennsylvania popped up on a screen Saturday.0. (read more) Clarks Summit University celebrates 85th commencement Clarks Summit University celebrated its 85th commencement Saturday, awarding 244 degrees and featuring a longtime professor as the keynote speaker. (read more) YES DESK STAFF / Published: May 7, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Sen. Baker sets veterans outreach State Sen. Lisa Baker veterans outreach with VFW service officer, May 15, 9:30 a.m.-2:30 p.m., 2512 Route 6, Hawley, lower level, rear, of the Lake Wallenpaupack Visitor’s Center, appointments requested, 570-226-5960. Armed Forces Parade May 20 Armed Forces Parade, May 20; those who were in the parade last year and did not receive a letter to participate this year or for information about the parade, call Joe Sylvester at 570-961-2696. Flag burning set in Carbondale Carbondale American Legion Post 221 and local Boy Scout troops flag-burning ceremony, May 27, 11 a.m., post, Hospital Street, if you have old flags you’d like to properly dispose of, please drop them off in the collection barrel found at the post. Meetings POST 5207 John J. Michaels VFW Post 5207, today, 10 a.m., post home, routes 502 and 307, Covington Twp. MARINE CORPS LEAGUE Northeastern Detachment Marine Corps League and Museum, today, 2 p.m., detachment, 1340 Alder St., Scranton. VFW DISTRICT 10 ﻿VFW District 10, today, 2 p.m., Post 5207, Covington Twp., election of officers. POST 25 Gen. Theodore J. Wint VFW Post 25, today, 2291 Rockwell Ave., Scranton, canteen meeting, noon, and post, 12:30 p.m. POST 665 Dickson City American Legion Post 665, today, post basement: board of directors for Post 665 Association, 12:30 p.m.; 665 Association meeting, 1:30; and membership meeting, 2:30, agenda: nomination of officers and update of events. POST 13 American Legion Victory Post 13, Monday, 7 p.m., Green Ridge Post 908, Deacon Street, agenda: parade and Memorial Day services. POST 908 American Legion Post 908, Monday, 7 p.m. Deacon Street. POST 3474 Dunmore VFW Post 3474, Tuesday, 7 p.m., home post, installation of officers. POST 6082 AUXILIARY Shopa-Davey VFW Post 6082 Auxiliary, Tuesday, 6 p.m., installation of officers. VIETNAM VETS POST 1 Veterans of Vietnam War Post 1, Saturday, 1 p.m., Marine Corps League, 1340 Alder St., Scranton; $25 for 2017 dues accepted, or mail to Nate Warshawsky, 922 Harrison Ave., Scranton, PA 18510-1404. SEABEES Seabees Island IV, May 24 meeting canceled, rescheduled for 7 p.m. May 17, American Legion, Dickson City. Armed Forces Parade and Memorial Day will be discussed. DAV CHAPTER 114 Disabled American Veterans Chapter 114, May 14, 7 p.m., Cordaro’s Restaurant, 186 Grandview Ave., Honesdale. POST 221 Carbondale American Legion Post 221, May 17, post home, 13 Hospital St., executive committee, 6 p.m., home association, 6:30 and regular meeting, 7, nominations of officers will also be held at this meeting. CAMP 8 Ezra S. Griffin, Camp 8 Sons of Union Veterans and Auxiliary, May 20, 10:30 a.m., Scranton City Hall side ADA entrance, Mulberry Street; 570-606-1014. POST 5209 VFW Post 5209, May 21, post home, 1849 Bloom Ave., Scranton, home association, 12:30 p.m., officers, 1. Merli Center Today: Keurig coffee, 8:30 a.m.; morning visits, 8:45; Eucharistic ministry visits, 9:15; Hallstead American Legion Post 357 bingo, 2 p.m. Monday: Morning visits, 8:45 a.m.; Bible study visits, 9:30; sit aerobics, 10:15; Kentucky Fried Chicken dine-in, 12:15 p.m.; bingo by Auxiliary 86, 2; fitness, 3; My Classic Car, 7; bingo, 7. Tuesday: Morning visits, 8:45 a.m.; bingo social, 10:15; voluntary ministry on units, 1:15 p.m.; choir practice, 1:45; Catholic service, 3; card night, 7; karaoke night, 7. Wednesday: Morning visits, 8:45 a.m.; Wal-Mart trip, 9:30; birthday bash with music by Frank Gervasi, birthday cake and ice cream, 2 p.m. Thursday: Safety health fair. Morning visits, 8:45 a.m.; chapel, 10; arts and crafts, 10:15; Kildare’s lunch trip, 12:15 p.m.; everyday life trivia, 2; senior fitness, 3; karaoke night, 7. Friday: Military Spouse Appreciation Day. Morning visits, 8:45 a.m.; brunch at Denny’s in honor of Stan Kennedy, 9:30; hangman, 10:15; bingo by Military Order of the Purple Heart Ladies Auxiliary, 2 p.m.; fitness, 3; Dupont VFW Post 4909 trip, 6:15. Saturday: Morning visits, 8:45 a.m.; nature video, 10:15; Mickey Daniels, 2 p.m. VETERANS NEWS should be submitted no later than Monday before publication to veterans@timesshamrock.com; or YES!desk, The Times-Tribune, 149 Penn Ave., Scranton, PA 18503. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 149 Penn Ave. Scranton, PA 18503 1-800-228-4637 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Scranton Times-Tribune PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND SCRANTON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS News LATEST NEWS Bet on these firms to make the most of falling oil prices Won’t invest with active fund managers in India: Warren Buffett Gold rate today: Track gold price in India and market outlook S Chand and Company to make debut on bourses on Tuesday Top 10 money-making ideas for next 7-21 trading sessions Gold, silver rise as euro gained after Macron win in France Hudco IPO kicks off, subscribed 4% in first 30 minutes There is genuine recovery in real estate sector: Rahul Singh, Ampersand Investment Advisors ACC, Ambuja Cements initiate study to explore merger; should you buy? Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes ET Home›Markets›Stocks›News market stats SENSEX NIFTY 50 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) USD/INR Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW 10 top takeaways from Warren Buffett’s address to Berkshire AGM By Rahul Oberoi , ETMarkets.com | Updated: May 07, 2017, 01.26 PM IST Post a Comment Investors in tens of thousands flocked to Omaha for the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting on Saturday and Chairman and CEO Warren Buffett and Vice Chairman Charlie Munger offered their outlook on businesses, economy and markets and shared plenty of wisdom. Here are top 10 takeaways from the 53rd Annual General Meeting of Berkshire Hathaway: On Well Fargo Warren Buffett on Saturday criticised Wells Fargo & Co’s previous management for failing to take action immediately upon learning that its employees were signing up customers for accounts they did not want. All praise for index funds Buffett thanked index fund king Jack Bogle for saving billions of dollars for US investors. Bogle founded Vanguard Group, the largest US mutual fund firm, in 1974 and created the first index fund that allows investors to passively invest in the stock market by tracking a market index. Take on IBM Responding to a shareholder question on the Berkshire move to sell a large stake in IBM, an investment which had earlier surprised investors mainly because of Buffett’s stated aversion towards the technology sector, the ace investor said he was wrong on IBM. “We started buying IBM six years ago as we thought it would have performed better,” he said. Take on Apple To a pointed question on Apple, a stock on which Berkshire doubled its stake in first quarter, Buffett said he looks at Apple more as a consumer stock than a tech bet. Biggest regret Buffett said he regretted not investing early in Google. “Our biggest tech failure was missing Google. Walmart and Google were missed opportunities,” he said. On Ajit Jain This is Ajit Jain, who is creating more money for shareholders than Warren Buffett. “Nobody would possibly replace Ajit Jain if he were to leave or retire. But we have a terrific team. There are things which only he can do. A lot of things are institutionalised in business. Ajit Jain made more money for Berkshire than I have probably,” said Buffett. Bullish on aviation The legendary investor said the airlines industry would have some more pricing sensibility in next 10 years and he believed airlines would operate at higher degrees of capacity in the future. On automation Buffet said automation, driverless cars could hurt auto insurers. On Amazon & Jeff Bezos Buffett believes Amazon Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos is not only just an investor, but an incredible executor. On Q1 earnings Berkshire Hathaway Inc on Friday reported a 27 per cent fall in first quarter net profit, and said a loss from insurance underwriting contributed to operating results that fell short of forecasts. Comments(0)Add Comments 10 top takeaways from Warren Buffett’s address to Berkshire AGM To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read 5 things Warren Buffett talks about India Warren Buffett biggest regret: Not investing in this technology giant! Comments by Berkshire's Warren Buffett, the 'Oracle of Omaha' This is why Warren Buffett is betting big on aviation stocks Billionaire Warren Buffett becomes face of Coke in China READ MORE ONWarren Buffettstock marketmutual fundMarketJeff BezosJack BogleIBM Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB 10 Indian Divas Who Never Got Married CRITICSUNION Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share 23 Baby Names Parents Say They Regret Giving Their Kids CafeMomMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Only Billionaires Have These Cars History Garage Makes Teachers’ Lives Easier Within A Secured It Environ.. Microsoft 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented What I read this week: Is Bangalore becoming unliveable? Credit cards, ATMs to be dead soon Hudco IPO opens today: Should you buy? Buffett's formula for finding sweet spot in market at any point Seven factors that are likely to dictate market direction in coming week Fifteen stocks in focus on Monday, 8 May 2017 More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Sensex Today BSE Sensex|RCB vs KKR Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 08, 2017, 1:59 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / NW BUSINESS PEOPLE This article was published May 7, 2017 at 1:00 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Art Farine was selected by the Municipal Electric Systems of Oklahoma to receive the Marvin Hicks – Al Middleton Meritorious Service Award. Farine began his career as a lineworker in 1973, and in 1979 began an almost 37-year career with Siloam Springs Electric. He served as a construction foreman and superintendent, became the electric director in the mid-1990’s and retired in 2016. Nicole Swanson was promoted to assistant vice president — CREATE specialist at ERC Holdings in Rogers. She has worked for ERC for 25 years and is responsible for creating multi- and single-family development opportunities. w John Elrod received a Westminster College Lifetime Alumni Achievement Award on April 29. He graduated in 1968 and is a member of the Beta Theta Pi fraternity. Elrod has been a member of the Westminster board of trustees since 2007. Elrod began his law career as a deputy prosecuting attorney in Benton County and spent many years with his family’s law firm in Siloam Springs. He joined the Northwest Arkansas team of Conner & Winters in 1995. He served as a special justice and special chief justice of the Arkansas Supreme Court and is a member of the Arkansas Board of Corrections. Jeff Pracht was hired as IT business development manager by Mainstream Technologies. He will be responsible for developing the Northwest Arkansas market. Pracht has 28 years of experience in the information technology sector, more recently as a senior account executive. He was with Windstream prior to joining Mainstream and was senior account executive with ClearPointe for five years and with Avow Technology Solutions for 11 years. Raegan Rochier of Prairie Grove and Kyla Raye Moore of Anderson, Mo., are new junior members of the American Angus Association. Junior members of the association are eligible to register cattle in the association, participate in programs conducted by the National Junior Angus Association and take part in association-sponsored shows and other national and regional events. Deana Ward was hired as development associate at Soldier ON Service Dogs in Fayetteville. She ​is ​in ​charge of fundraising, event planning and building donor relationships. She obtained her bachelor’s degree in organizational management from John Brown University and is pursuing her master’s degree. Kelly Hale Syer was named executive director for the Downtown Springdale Alliance. Syer has more than 25 years of experience with Wal-Mart, University of Arkansas, Tyson Foods, Cox Communications and Crystal Bridges Museum of American Art in roles including public relations and marketing, recruitment, community affairs, event planning and fundraising. Dr. Lonna Bufford joined FirstCare Family Doctors, a Medical Associates of Northwest Arkansas clinic. She practices at FirstCare South, 2523 E. Huntsville Road in Fayetteville, and FirstCare Elkins, 2127 N. Center St. She completed a doctorate in medicine from the University of Arkansas College of Medicine in Little Rock and a family medicine residency at University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences Southwest. Briefs are for people in Northwest Arkansas who are new hires, were promoted, received an award from outside their organization or received a certification. Email: cswanson@nwadg.com or send your item to: Christie Swanson, P.O. Box 7, Springdale, AR. 72765. Information must be received by noon Wednesday prior to the Sunday the item is to be published. Print Headline: NW BUSINESS PEOPLE Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business BUSINESS PEOPLE On the Agenda Business news in brief Small companies remain skittish on securing l... NW BUSINESS PEOPLE INCORPORATIONS U.S. reports April's hiring pace sped up Wal-Mart goal: Monitor cupboards Buffett's activist investors active More Business stories > Comments on: NW BUSINESS PEOPLE To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Irritation at Arkansas judges stirs talk of change (22 comments) Church-politics order divides pastors (14 comments) Lodging tax goes to North Little Rock council (10 comments) Laughing matters aren't alway funny (9 comments) Little Rock school updates at stake in tax election (9 comments) Man, girlfriend arrested in fatal stabbing of remodeling worker in Little Rock, police say (34 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Podcasts Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation Home Contact Us About Us Goodfellows Club Newspapers in Education Submit Feedback Submit Anniversary Submit a Wedding or Engagement Order Photo Reprints To Advertise Email Help Desk Subscribe News Local News National News Search This Site Search Story Archive E-Edition Submit News Calendar Text Alerts AP Images Local News featured Distillery hosts its first Derby party +3 By Austin Ramsey Messenger-Inquirer 23 hrs ago 0 Service to honor fallen officers Brescia graduates eye future endeavors Women's Guild luncheon to feature plein air artists Daviess County officials relocating sheriff's department radio equipment Nation/World Briefs: Sunday, May 7, 2017 Sports Motorsports Hunting and Fishing Sports Calendar March_madness Podcasts National Sports Reds ride extra-base barrage to 14-2 romp By The Associated Press 21 hrs ago 0 Pletcher emotional after second Derby win Velazquez captures 'special' Derby victory Rain doesn't dampen the party at Churchill Downs Durant, Warriors take 3-0 series lead Board, Hinton lead OHS softball team to win Features Agriculture Business Community Health - Medical Directory Lifestyle Perspective Religion & Values The Link Venue - TV Listings Lifestyle AP featured Tea ingredients can be grown on your windowsill +2 By DEAN FOSDICK The Associated Press 21 hrs ago 0 Reuben pizza is quick and inexpensive for a party These wings are called 'irresistible' for a reason KITCHENTECH You've made a good drink. It deserves the perfect ice Lessons from a road trip with kids Records Opinion Obituaries Classifieds All Categories Automover Homemover Jobs at Monster.com Garage Sale Map Place an Ad McLean County News Community Obituaries Opinion Records Sports News Water Commission assumes control By STEPHANIE SALMONS McLean County News May 4, 2017 0 Odean Lowery 'Everyone has a story' Sacramento News MCHS Moot Court members advance in national competition Relay for Life scheduled for May 20 Close John Minchillo Associated Press | John Minchillo Fans arrive for the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017, in Louisville, Ky. AP featured Rain doesn't dampen the party at Churchill Downs Crowd of 158,070 the 7th biggest in 143-year history of Kentucky Derby By BRUCE SCHREINER The Associated Press 23 hrs ago 0 John Minchillo Associated Press | John Minchillo LOUISVILLE -- Danielle Bunker's flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn't going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. "It's all in the experience," Bunker, 28, said Saturday morning as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard looming over the infield. "We're bummed but we're from Ohio, so we're used to it," she said of the unfavorable weather. "We'll make do." Morning rain, combined with steady rainfall the day before, turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby on Saturday. But hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some was a first-time experience and for many was a yearly pilgrimage to the world's most famous horse race. The early rain didn't spoil the party for the crowd of 158,070 -- the seventh-largest in the race's 143-year history -- that watched Always Dreaming win the Run for the Roses. The rain clouds departed before the race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Sunshine emerged by early afternoon, but fans endured another round of late-afternoon showers, briefly forcing them to break out rain gear again. The rain moved out of the area well before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning when temperatures were in the 40s. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep his feet dry. "We've got it down," he said. "We've been preparing for this. We've got everything we need." Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the morning rain poured. "This is totally cramping my style," said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. "This is the absolute worst one," she moaned over the rain. "Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho." Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rain boots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. "So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here," she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. "We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while." Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. "Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here," Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. "It kind of sucks," he said of the foul weather. "But we're still going to bet, still going to drink. So we'll be fine." Lavoie said he's used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. "We've been in the rain a lot," he said. "But it doesn't mean we like to be." Amid the usual Derby fare of celebrities, pomp and fashion, there was a quirky side. Peggy Miller plodded around the track dressed as a trash can filled with empty beer cans. "I'm representing all the partiers," the 59-year-old Derby regular said. The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. "They're selling them for $15 here," Smith said. "Forget betting. That's how to make some money." ------ Reporters Dylan Lovan and Claire Galofaro contributed to this report. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. 56° Clear Sports Podcasts Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Latest News KITCHENTECH Hidden horror of sex assaults by K-12 students revealed Distillery hosts its first Derby party You've made a good drink. It deserves the perfect ice Service to honor fallen officers Pletcher emotional after second Derby win Trump and Ryan step back, and Republicans get their health-care bill Brescia graduates eye future endeavors Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Owensboro man accused of killing fetus Family seeking runaway teen to inform her about mother's automobile accident Sheriff's deputy suspended for six weeks Surgery to replace hair heals scalp, heart Sheriff's department: Man shot ex-wife, then himself Mavericks player, assistant coach arrested Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented McConnell sings Ford's praises (1) Readers Write (1) Beech Grove News (1) OMU board approves United Way match, pay raises (1) Duo discuss near-suicide moment (1) Ohio Fiscal Court votes to move 'ranger station' (1) Police Reports: April 26, 2017 (1) Hopkinsville sells out of its first eclipse lots (1) Chamber unveils city budget critique (1) Family seeks runaway teen to inform her about mother's auto accident (1) Cars 1990 Harley Davidson Low Rider Sport 1340cc. 15,700 actual miles. $7,500 Mileage: 15,700 Updated 1 hr ago 2002 Mercedes C230 Coupe. Looks and drives like new. 129K $3,400 Mileage: 129,000 Updated 1 hr ago 2013 FORD FUSION 53K $8,700 Mileage: 53,000 Updated 1 hr ago Stocks Homes Selling your home? MESSENGER-INQUIRER HOME MOVER SPECIAL! $99.99 1 PHOTO $99.99 Jan 4, 2017 3121 W. 2nd. St. County, lg. roomy, 4 bdrm. Bathrooms: 2 Updated 1 hr ago 3317 CHICKASAW DRIVE 4 bdrm.,1.5 bath, corner lot, w/new roof. $119,000 Bathrooms: 1.5 Updated 1 hr ago Special Sections 5-6-17 At Home May 6, 2017 0 4-22-17 At Home Apr 22, 2017 0 2Q/2017 Mar 24, 2017 0 Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation All About Pets 2017 Feb 26, 2017 0 2017 Chamber Magazine Jan 5, 2017 0 Greater Owensboro Chamber of Commerce Magazine 2017 Wedding Planner Jan 22, 2017 0 202 Things To Do May 6, 2016 0 A compilation of events and happenings in Owensboro and the surronding areas. 1Q/2017 Dec 23, 2016 0 1Q Owensboro Business, Life & Recreation for 2017. Sections News Sports Opinion Features Obituaries Online Features Classifieds Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Rack Locations Place an Ad Home Delivery Subscription Services Submission Forms Intranet Contact Information www.messenger-inquirer.com 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY 42301 Phone: 270-926-0123 Email: csr@messenger-inquirer.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017, Owensboro Messenger-Inquirer, 1401 Frederica St. Owensboro, KY | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,399.29 +9.77 (+0.41%) Dow 30 21,006.94 +55.47 (+0.26%) Nasdaq 6,100.76 +25.42 (+0.42%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting 'The department store is online now': Warren Buffett says the face of retail is shifting Bob Bryan Business Insider May 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share abandoned storeMore (A closed down supermarket from the Intermarche chain stands deserted on November 23, 2012 in Villacanas, Spain.Jasper Juinen/Getty Images) Warren Buffett thinks retail in America is going through a huge transition. At the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting, Buffett said there is clearly pain for retailers as they adjust to the growth of online shopping. "The department store is online now," Buffett said, noting that the shift could be hard to grapple with for the major retailers. Buffett's partner, Charlie Munger, agreed that the retail business has become incredibly difficult. "It would certainly be unpleasant if we were in the department store business," Munger said. Roughly 3,500 brick-and-mortar retail stores are expected to close over the first half of 2017 and retail executives are been noting the pain in recent public statements. Earlier this year, Berkshire Hathaway sold off the overwhelming majority of its share in Walmart for $900 million. "I have no illusion that 10 years from now will look the same as today, and there will be a few things along the way that surprise us" the Berkshire CEO said. Buffett did say that his retail businesses — Fruit of the Loom and Nebraska Furniture Mart — have seen an increase in online shopping, but have also seen increasing same store sales and thus the effect has not been a negative one. In fact, Buffett said the percentage of shopping done online at Nebraska Furniture is close to 10% of sales. "The world has evolved, and it's going to keep evolving, but the speed is increasing," Buffett concluded. Check out our coverage of the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting here. NOW WATCH: 15 things you didn't know your iPhone headphones could do More From Business Insider BUFFETT: This is 'the number one problem with mankind' 'JEFF BEZOS IS A DIFFERENT SPECIES': Buffett and Munger praise Bezos, Amazon BUFFETT: Driverless vehicles 'won't be a good thing' for business Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next UPS Finally Gets Smart and Cracks Down on Holiday Shippers -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool A millennial asked Warren Buffett what value his firm adds — here's what he said Business Insider BUFFETT: Wells Fargo made 3 huge mistakes during the fake accounts scandal but one 'dwarfs all the others' Business Insider 'That $9.5 billion is real': Buffett explains how a Trump tax cut would help Berkshire Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett Says Berkshire Hathaway Stock May Start Paying Dividends Fortune Hillary Clinton took a swing at the media in her congratulations to French election winner Business Insider A Wall Street bear warns 'bad things are about to happen,' and a recession is on the way CNBC Price defends cutting nearly $1 trillion from Medicaid Associated Press Charlie Munger shares his thoughts on healthcare, politics, accounting, and investing Yahoo Finance Video Buffett: 'Medical costs are the tapeworm of American economic competitiveness' Yahoo Finance Charlie Munger says single-payer healthcare is the solution Yahoo Finance 'Most of benefits go to millionaires': George Stephanopoulos grills Paul Ryan over Republican healthcare bill Business Insider Sally Yates is set to give bombshell testimony about Michael Flynn and Russia — here's what to expect Business Insider Berkshire Hathaway Annual Shareholders Meeting Halftime Show Yahoo Finance Video Warren Buffett: AI is good for society but 'enormously disruptive' Yahoo Finance The fear of running out of money in retirement is overblown Yahoo Finance Donald Trump's health secretary defends White House party for mostly white men wild west: Old white Christian men know what's best for all of us. Can't wait till they all die from some painful pre-existing medical condition. They will be covered, but at least they'll die. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 162
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Monday, May 08, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Nation Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans Ponchos and rain boots are in fashion on a day ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on May 6, 2017 | Updated 3:56 p. m. A woman wears a hat before the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs today in Louisville, Ky. ASSOCIATED PRESS A woman looks at her phone before the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs today. ASSOCIATED PRESS A horse walks on a muddy track before the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print LOUISVILLE — Danielle Bunker’s flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn’t going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. “It’s all in the experience,” Bunker, 28, said today as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard. “We’re bummed but we’re from Ohio, so we’re used to it. We’ll make do.” Steady rain turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby. But some hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some is a first-time experience and for many is a yearly pilgrimage to the world’s most famous horse race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Rain was predicted to end hours before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. Skies were clearing by early afternoon today. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning.   Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep their feet dry. “We’ve got it down,” he said. “We’ve been preparing for this. We’ve got everything we need.” Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the rain poured. “This is totally cramping my style,” said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. “This is the absolute worst one,” she moaned over the rain. “Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho.” Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rainboots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. “So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here,” she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. “We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while.” Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. “Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here,” Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. “It kind of sucks,” he said of the foul weather. “But we’re still going to bet, still going to drink. So we’ll be fine.” Lavoie said he’s used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. “We’ve been in the rain a lot,” he said. “But it doesn’t mean we like to be.” The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. “They’re selling them for $15 here,” Smith said. “Forget betting. That’s how to make some money.” Related Items Sophie Rhys-Jones , louisville , kentucky , united states , north america , kentucky derby Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 08, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Style / ENTERTAINMENT NOTES New staging of Frankenstein latest creation for youngsters By Eric E. Harrison This article was published May 7, 2017 at 2:02 a.m. Comments aAFont Size “Take Your Purse With You: The Reimagined Work of Katherine Strause,” paintings of women and their purses by Little Rock artist Katherine Strause on display Tuesday-Aug. 27, includes the painting Ruby Bridges. “Take Your Purse With You: The Reimagined Work of Katherine Strause,” paintings of women and their purses by Little Rock artist Katherine Strause on d... Time of Fear screens Tuesday at the MacArthur Museum of Military History. Twelve paintings by Andrew Rogerson, the new chancellor at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock, go on display Tuesday in UALR’s Fine Arts Galler... The Arkansas Arts Center Children's Theatre will close its 2016-17 Studio Show season with Frankenstein, a new stage rendering by the Children's Theatre's Keith Smith of Mary Shelley's 1818 novel, 7 p.m. Wednesday-Thursday and Saturday-May 14 at the Arts Center in MacArthur Park, East Ninth and Commerce streets, Little Rock. Tickets are $10, $8 for Arts Center members. Call (501) 372-4000 or visit arkarts.com. 'Take Your Purse' "Take Your Purse With You: The Reimagined Work of Katherine Strause," paintings of women and their purses by the Little Rock artist, will be on display Tuesday-Aug. 27 at the ESSE Purse Museum, 1510 Main St., Little Rock. Hours are 11 a.m.-4 p.m. Tuesday-Saturday and 11 a.m.-3 p.m. Sunday. General admission is $10; $8 for students, senior citizens and military, free for children 5 and younger. Call (501) 916-9022 or visit essepursemuseum.com. Architecture lecture Architect Gordon Duckwoth of Wittenberg, Delony and Davidson and Callie Williams and Mason Toms, National Register Historians at the Arkansas Historic Preservation Program, will form a panel to discuss "The Modernist Legacy of Noland Blass," 6 p.m. Tuesday in the lecture hall, Arkansas Arts Center, East Ninth and Commerce streets, Little Rock. It's part of the Architecture and Design Network's June Freeman Lecture Series. Admission is free; a 5:30 reception will precede the talk. Email jonathan@amr-architects.com. Violin and piano ARmusica members Andrew Irvin, violin, and Julie Cheek, piano, perform at 7 p.m. Tuesday at St. Luke's Episcopal Church, 4106 John F. Kennedy Blvd., North Little Rock, the finale of the church's Festival of the Senses season. The program will include the Violin Sonata No. 1 in G major, op.78, by Johannes Brahms; Une Barque sur l'Ocean (A Boat on the Ocean) by Maurice Ravel; and Salut D'Amour, Chanson De Matin and Chanson De Nuit by Edward Elgar. A meet-the-artists reception will follow. Admission is free. Call (501) 753-4281. Fearful times The MacArthur Museum of Arkansas Military History in MacArthur Park, 503 E. Ninth St., Little Rock, will screen Time of Fear, a 2004 documentary about the 16,000 Japanese Americans sent to camps at Jerome and Rohwer in southeast Arkansas during World War II, 6:30 p.m. Tuesday. It's part of the museum's Movies at MacArthur series. Admission, popcorn and beverages are free. Call (501) 376-4602 or visit arkmilitaryheritage.com. Chancellor's art As part of his investiture celebration, 12 landscape paintings by new University of Arkansas at Little Rock Chancellor Andrew Rogerson go on display Tuesday in Gallery I, Fine Arts Building, UALR, 2801 S. University Ave., Little Rock. The paintings, along with works from the UALR annual Student Competition will be up through May 31. The investiture ceremony will take place at 3 p.m. May 11 at the Jack Stephens Center on the UALR campus. Gallery hours are 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Monday-Friday. Admission is free. Call (501) 569-8977 or email becushman@ualr.edu. 'Birds Eye View' Rap/hip hop artist Travis Scott (the stage name of Jacques Webster), on his "Birds Eye View" tour with Virgil Ablow, will perform at 8 p.m. Saturday at the Walmart AMP, 5079 W. Northgate Road, Rogers. It's part of the 2017 Cox Concert Series. Doors open at 6:30. Tickets are $25-$59.50 plus fees. Call (479) 443-5600 or visit amptickets.com. Dance concert Dance Academy students and members of the Pre-Professional Company at Western Arkansas Ballet in Fort Smith will give their annual Spring Dance Concert, 10:30 a.m. and 1:30 p.m. Saturday at the Van Buren Fine Arts Center, 2001 Pointer Trail, Van Buren. Admission is $5 (cash only) at the door, ($20 maximum per household). Call (479) 785-0152 or visit waballet.org. The ballet will also hold auditions for its company May 18 (class for ages 11-13, 4-5:30 p.m.; for ages 14 and up, 6-8 p.m.) and for its Ballet II company (ages 9-11), 4-5:30 p.m. May 19, at the Western Arkansas Ballet Studio, 4701 Grand Ave., Fort Smith. There is a $25 audition fee. Candidates should register 30 minutes before the audition class time. Qualifications, requirements and other details are available online at waballet.org/company/auditions. Call (479) 785-0152. Jacksonville auditions Community Theater of Jacksonville will hold auditions for Farce of Nature by Jessie Jones, Nicholas Hope and Jamie Wooten, 6:30-8:30 p.m. May 22-23 at the Jacksonville Community Center, 5 Municipal Drive, Jacksonville. A cast of five men and four women will emerge from cold readings from the script. Production dates are Aug. 11-13. Call (501) 286-3638. Exploring Rogers The Rogers Historical Museum is offering "Rogers Explorers," a summer program for children 7-12, on Fridays, 10 a.m. June 9 and 23 and July 14 and 28, starting at the museum's Education Annex, 120 W. Poplar St. at Second Street, Rogers. Each two-hour session will explore a Rogers location, with a speaker, a tour, "fun activity" and a short history lesson. A schedule is available at rogershistoricalmuseum.org/rogers-explorers.html. Cost is $5 per session for the first child, $3 for each additional child; parents are requested to stay with their children. Space is limited and registration is required. Call (479) 621-1154. Style on 05/07/2017 Print Headline: New staging of Frankenstein latest creation for youngsters Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Style Our crash course at the prom An event we can't refuse: Godfather at 45 TV's March Madness equivalent rolls out May 1... British baking competition sifts in Queen's E... New staging of Frankenstein latest creation f... Horoscopes by Holiday Kids' parties not their thing Back in the Quarter Treasure hunt More Style stories > Comments on: New staging of Frankenstein latest creation for youngsters To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Irritation at Arkansas judges stirs talk of change (22 comments) Church-politics order divides pastors (14 comments) Lodging tax goes to North Little Rock council (10 comments) Laughing matters aren't alway funny (9 comments) Little Rock school updates at stake in tax election (9 comments) Man, girlfriend arrested in fatal stabbing of remodeling worker in Little Rock, police say (34 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  

Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Monday, May 08, 2017, 1:59 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / PATENTS AWARDED This article was published May 7, 2017 at 1:45 a.m. Comments aAFont Size U.S. patents issued to Arkansans May 2 Patent 9,635,819 B1. Soybean Variety XB57E14R2. Issued to Floyd Hancock of Stuttgart. Assigned to Monsanto Technology LLC of St. Louis. Patent 9,635,934 B1. Clip-On Pattern Holder with Lap-Workstation. Issued to Donna Lynn Norton of Arkadelphia. Patent 9,637,385 B2. Carbon Nanotubes and Methods of Forming Same at Low Temperature. Issued to Alexandru S. Biris of Little Rock and Enkeleda Dervishi of Los Alamos, N.M. Assigned to the board of trustees of the University of Arkansas. Patent 9,638,666 B1. Sequential Differential Mobility Analyzer and Method of Using Same. Issued to Hideya Koizumi of Jonesboro. Assigned to Arkansas State University in Jonesboro. Patent 9,639,593 B2. Sequence Engine. Issued to John Randy Frerking of Prairie Grove. Assigned to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. of Bentonville. Patent 9,640,875 B2. Method and Apparatus Pertaining to an RFID Tag Reader Antenna Array. Issued to Bruce W. Wilkinson of Rogers and Nicholaus A. Jones of Fayetteville. Assigned to Wal-Mart Stores Inc. of Bentonville. Patent D785,416 S. Grilling Utensil. Issued to Colton Knittig of Fort Smith and Israel Holby of Sharpsburg, Ga. Assigned to Holton Products LLC of Fort Smith. Patent D785,512 S. Wheelchair Brake. Issued to Rex O. Kuykendall of Booneville. Print Headline: PATENTS AWARDED Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business Oregon law seeks to protect renters Staples' rebranding focuses on delivery OIL AND GAS REPORT BUILDING PERMITS PATENTS AWARDED REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS BUSINESS AWARDS BUSINESS PEOPLE On the Agenda More Business stories > Comments on: PATENTS AWARDED To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Irritation at Arkansas judges stirs talk of change (22 comments) Church-politics order divides pastors (14 comments) Lodging tax goes to North Little Rock council (10 comments) Laughing matters aren't alway funny (9 comments) Little Rock school updates at stake in tax election (9 comments) Man, girlfriend arrested in fatal stabbing of remodeling worker in Little Rock, police say (34 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
News Opinion Sports Entertainment 53° Full Menu 53° Home Customer Service Customer Service About Us Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Business Crime Databases Death Notices Education Local News Military News Obituaries Politics & Government State Traffic Watchdog Weather Opinion Opinion Cartoons Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Sports Sports College High School Preps Stats Mariners Seahawks Sounders UW Huskies Politics Politics Living Living Announcements Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Restaurants Outdoors Outdoors Fishing Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:06 Unity and Inclusion the theme of Sunday Immigration Celebration Pause 0:43 Smith back on track at plate after going 3 for 4 against Baby Cakes 0:38 Downed power lines trap motorist after Lacey lightning storm 1:26 Lacey Spring Fair is full of family fun 3:05 News conference about incident at Hawkins Middle School 1:11 Seth Mejias-Brean talks trade from Louisville, recent hitting streak 0:38 Condon Cougars still hopeful for state berth after district loss to Mountain View 1:55 Super-charged storm pounds south Thurston county 1:27 New Tumwater UPS store delivers multiple services 2:19 Violent Wind Storm Leaves Lacey Broken Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Jack Graham has opened a UPS store franchise at 5729 Littlerock Road in Tumwater and offers a variety of services including shipping, printing and private mailboxes. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com Business May 06, 2017 2:24 PM Business owner feels right at home in Tumwater By Rolf Boone rboone@theolympian.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story In some ways, the decision to open a UPS store in Tumwater is kind of a homecoming for franchise owner Jack Graham. Graham grew up in Port Angeles and once lived in Puyallup, so what’s the connection to Tumwater? Years ago he spent his summers working at the Tyee Motor Inn, a once-popular Tumwater destination for lawmakers. It was known for hosting large, convention-style gatherings. Graham said he remains forever impressed to have once seen 600 people seated for dinner. That was in 1979 and 1980, after which Graham completed his degree in hotel administration at Washington State University in 1982. From there, Graham pursued his chosen career: He worked for a hotel in Des Moines; he worked as an assistant general manager and general manager at Godfather’s Pizza; he worked for a McDonald’s food distributor; he managed a Starbucks. He later had the opportunity to become a franchise owner of a UPS store in Redmond and stuck with it, enjoying the connections he made with customers. But he also had a girlfriend in Lewis County, and the Redmond to Chehalis commute was a doozy, he said. He finally decided to move closer by selling his UPS store and his condominium, and now he lives in Curtis, Lewis County. The store location works well because it’s in the heart of Tumwater’s retail core, he said. It has the right traffic count, and it’s across from Costco, Walmart and Fred Meyer. After that, it’s up to Graham and his employees to offer the best customer service. Graham said he learned that from his father, a former bank president of First Federal Savings and Loan in Port Angeles. “Your word is your bond,” said Graham, 57. Among his services: domestic and international shipping, wide-format printing, packaging, and mailbox and postal services. He also rents mailboxes that will have 24/7 access once he gets the security gate in place. It’s a UPS store, so UPS trucks stop by twice a day for air and ground shipping. The U.S. Postal Service visits daily as well. There are more than 4,000 UPS store locations throughout the U.S., and the company is based in San Diego, he said. As a franchise owner, Graham said, “you work for yourself, but not by yourself,” citing the support he gets from the company. Still, opening a franchise or any small business requires a significant investment. “You put it all on the table,” Graham said. Rolf Boone: 360-754-5403, @rolf_boone The UPS Store Tumwater ▪ Owner: Jack Graham. ▪ Location: 5729 Littlerock Road SW, No. 107, Tumwater ▪ Years in business: New. Store opened April 19. ▪ Type of business: Offers a variety of services tied to shipping, packing, copying and mailing. ▪ Employees: Two, with plans to add staff. ▪ Online: tinyurl.com/Tumwater-UPS. ▪ Hours: 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Mondays through Fridays and 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturdays. ▪ Did you know? Jack Graham owned a UPS store in Redmond for six years before he sold the business and bought the Tumwater location. “I’m looking forward to making some new friends,” he said. Jack Graham has opened a UPS store at 5729 Littlerock Road in Tumwater and offers a variety of services including shipping, printing and private mailboxes. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com Jack Graham has opened a UPS store at 5729 Littlerock Road in Tumwater and offers a variety of services including shipping, printing and personal mailboxes. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com 1 of 2 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:06 Unity and Inclusion the theme of Sunday Immigration Celebration Pause 0:43 Smith back on track at plate after going 3 for 4 against Baby Cakes 0:38 Downed power lines trap motorist after Lacey lightning storm 1:26 Lacey Spring Fair is full of family fun 3:05 News conference about incident at Hawkins Middle School 1:11 Seth Mejias-Brean talks trade from Louisville, recent hitting streak 0:38 Condon Cougars still hopeful for state berth after district loss to Mountain View 1:55 Super-charged storm pounds south Thurston county 1:27 New Tumwater UPS store delivers multiple services 2:19 Violent Wind Storm Leaves Lacey Broken Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago New Tumwater UPS store delivers multiple services 1:27 a day ago New Tumwater UPS store delivers multiple services 2:23 11 days ago Cafe 186 Opens at Olympia Elks Lodge 1:31 15 days ago Tuned In Academy hits the right note with new expanded studio View More Video Business Shipping news: Santa Vista will load logs at port The Latest: Macron win cheered by Paris Olympic bid group Banker, economic adviser and now youngest French president 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2' blasts off with $145M debut Asian shares show relief over French moderate Macron's win Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store RSS Feeds Contests Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Submit a Photo Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE Unraveling the stunning prophecy in the New Testament A queen, prostitute and cold-blooded killer riding a beast with 7 heads Published: 1 day ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print “Mystery Babylon: Unlocking the Bible’s Greatest Prophetic Mystery” is an in-depth look at the prophecy of Revelation 17 and 18. Now bestselling author Joel Richardson dissects the longest prophecy in the New Testament to make sense of its deeply elusive and profoundly controversial passages. At once a queen, a prostitute and a cold-blooded killer, the great harlot in the prophecy waves a golden cup filled with blood. Adorned in purple, scarlet, gold and precious stones, she seduces the kings of the earth with luxury. Most commonly known is that she rides a beast with seven heads and 10 horns. Her title is Mystery, Babylon the Great, the mother of all harlots and of the abominations of the earth. From the early days of Christianity, believers have struggled to understand the mystery of the great harlot. Scholars and students alike have arrived at many different conclusions. Richardson’s “Mystery Babylon” has been praised by CBN’s Chris Mitchell, who said “best-selling author Joel Richardson connects the geo-political and prophetic dots and presents a compelling, straightforward, and redemptive case for one of the Bible’s most enigmatic prophecies.” “If you want to understand the times like the Sons of Issachar, I heartily recommend Joel’s latest excellent work!” In his characteristically easy-to-understand style, Richardson works through the history of Christian interpretation of Mystery Babylon, weighing the strengths and weaknesses of each view, making a powerful case for an interpretation that will rock the prophecy world. Divided into three parts, Richardson exposits Scripture in part 1, examines the more common positions in part 2 and invites the reader to a powerful conclusion in part 3. Keep both your Bible and your mind open as you read this book not simply with an intellectual curiosity, but with much prayer and a truly contrite and trusting heart, believing indeed that the Lord will open up his secrets to all “those who fear Him” (Ps. 25:14). Tom Horn, best-selling author and CEO of SkyWatch TV, praises “Mystery Babylon.” “Once again, Joel Richardson has shaken the foundations of the prophecy world and just about everything we thought we knew about Mystery Babylon. This highly original and thought-provoking book just may provide the solution to this age-old mystery that we’ve been searching out for millennia.” Richardson is the author of the New York Times bestseller “Islamic Antichrist: The Shocking Truth About the Real Nature of the Beast.” He also wrote “Mideast Beast” and “When a Jew Rules the World,” and is the director of the WND Films documentaries “End Times Eyewitness” and “Global Jesus Revolution.” He is an internationally recognized expert on biblical prophecy, the Middle East and Islam, and is a human rights activist and a commentator for WND. Save $21, get “Mystery Babylon: Unlocking the Bible’s Greatest Prophetic Mystery” for only $4.95! We’ve been listening to you! And your message is clear. More and more of our eight million monthly visitors to WND have been telling us the same thing. “We love WND,” they say. “But can I pay to get your content without being bombarded by advertising and putting up with loads times on audio and video spots?” We have answered the call. The product is called WND Weekly– and, that’s right, it contains no ads, just a very reasonable annual subscription cost. Each week, all the original content from WND.com is collected, repackaged with spectacular designs and beautifully illustrated, and delivered to your computer, tablet, or phone for you to read, browse, check out, examine, inspect, peruse, pore over, scan, search, skim, study, AND KEEP FOREVER … absolutely ad-free! Print it, save it, or share it. And each weekly issue costs less than a song on iTunes, a new razor from a monthly shave club, five 4×6 photo prints at Walmart, an ATM fee, a souvenir penny, a cheap beer, a junior cheeseburger deluxe at Wendy’s, a slice of pizza in New York City, or even a house in Detroit (Seriously! Google it!) Whether you’re taking a Sunday drive, planning a Sunday brunch, or wearing your Sunday best, start your favorite day with a cuppa coffee and a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact, down-to-earth, nitty-gritty, nuts-and-bolts, brass-tacks, meat-and-potatoes issue of WND Weekly. Of course, when news is breaking big time – like by the minute – we still hope those who take us up on this offer will come back to WND.com to catch up. Actually, it’s not a new product. We’ve been doing it for years. But we’ve dramatically lowered the subscription cost on this weekly digital magazine delivered to your inbox to make it more affordable for everyone. We also welcome you to sample one issue FREE of all cost or obligation because we know you will love this easy, convenient, efficient way to read our news and commentary at your leisure. In an age of “fake news” being presented as fact, WND.com strives to be the best source of powerful, truthful investigative journalism you’ve come to expect from the No. 1, original pioneering independent news agency dedicated to draining the swamp of Washington, D.C., since we started publishing back in 1997. A simple-to-access and easy way to digest the news, WND Weekly is a platform for a download of the week’s worth of content when you want it and as often as you want it. Instead of constantly refreshing WND.com to see what’s the newest, breaking story, WND Weekly allows you see a beautiful presentation of the week’s hottest stories in a diligently packaged and fully illustrated manner so you can catch up on all the news in one visual production. And, did we forget to tell you, it’s ad-free? Try it now – for free. If you like what you see, pay only $29.99 for a full year of this service. NOTE: For this offer, your credit card will be charged only for the price of the items you have ordered and your free WND Weekly trial will begin. Also included with your merchandise will be your renewal notice for a one-year WND Weekly subscription. NOTE: If you want to renew, do nothing, and your credit card will be debited for the low annual renewal rate of $29.99. At any time during the year, you can cancel your new subscription for a full refund on the unused portion. To keep WND Weekly coming in future years, do nothing and we’ll renew your subscription automatically at the low prevailing rate by charging your credit or debit card. You may cancel by calling 1-800-4WNDCOM (800-496-3266) or by emailing canceltrial-WB@wnd.com. This offer is valid for credit card purchases and does not apply to purchasers of WND Weekly subscriptions in the previous 365 days as the offer’s intent is to introduce non-subscribers to the digital magazine. Order your copy “Mystery Babylon: Unlocking the Bible’s Greatest Prophetic Mystery” for only $4.95. This offer expires tonight at 10 p.m. Pacific, so order now.   Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah What's wrong with Republicans? STATE OF MIND Gina Loudon Who broke the Democrats? RACE IN AMERICA Jesse Lee Peterson Trayvon Martin's life didn't matter to his parents IN THE GAME Jason & David Benham God's blessing comes with His burden CULTURE WARS Chuck Norris Goodbye Obamacare, Johnson Amendment and … More Commentary » Deal of the Day Astonishing exposé of Muslim Brotherhood in America – $4.95 today only! 'Muslim Mafia' based on daring investigation of terror-tied group Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Alert 40° Full Menu Alert 40° Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Veronica Gower gets emotional on Saturday as she talks about her child who died last year from a heroin overdose. Gower cherishes a photo of Jeremy as Jennyand Jeremy’s favorite hat. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com Local May 06, 2017 10:07 PM Her only child was about to begin a new life. Addiction took it all away By Shawn Annarelli sannarelli@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story GREGG TOWNSHIP Jeremy and Jenny Alterio were almost exactly alike. Jeremy made friends easily with the same smile and laugh, was quick to put the happiness of others first and always seemed to know what to say when someone else needed help. He also spent his life wanting to be Jenny and had only just begun to show the world on the outside who he was on the inside. “They were the same in every way except Jenny loved playing with makeup, dressing up (and) online shopping for more feminine things,” his half-sister Taneaka Alterio said. “He/she described it best, ‘If you look at my room it’s half RuPaul, half game nerd and the rest comic nerd.’ The outside appearance was the only difference between the two.” Jeremy shocked some people in March 2016, about a month before his death. He picked a blonde wig, wore one of his favorite dresses and put on pink nail polish for a selfie and posted it to Facebook. He had opened up to a few friends and family in the years leading up to that moment, but not everyone knew. “I had no idea that she was gonna do that,” his mother, Veronica Gower, said. “She was happy. She called me (and said), ‘Mum. I’m so happy. I’m so happy,’ and I was so proud. That was the proudest moment I have of her. That took guts. That took courage. Everybody should have that same courage.” Jeremy, 30, had decided to pursue becoming a woman — just as soon as the ankle monitor was off. ———— There were some things his mom didn’t know. “I don’t think he ever wanted to disappoint me,” Gower said. Jeremy didn’t tell his mother about the ankle monitor and house arrest until he had to. He had been found guilty of driving under the influence. The situation prompted Gower to have Easter dinner at her Spring Mills home three weeks before the holiday to make sure he was included. He dressed as Jenny that day — the last time they would be together. There, he confided in his mom again about the emotional toll he was going through. The acceptance and support of many could not block out the rejection of others. “Jenny sat next to me on my couch, laid her head on my shoulder and just cried,” Gower said. “She didn’t understand how people who loved her could be so mean.” Gower didn’t know the full story until after Jeremy died April 7, 2016, in his bedroom. An ex-girlfriend, she learned, introduced heroin to him about a decade before his fentanyl-laced heroin overdose. Gower said she never knew he had an addiction, but friends and some family did. “I was preparing him for a life without me,” Gower said. “Every night that I wrote in my journal for her I wrote at the end, ‘I love my son.’ I was just gonna start writing ‘I love my daughter.’ I thought she’d know how much I loved her. I haven’t picked up that book since (she died).” ———— Jenny had a lot to look forward to in 2016 — her transformation, plans to move out of her grandma’s Bellefonte house and being in her mother’s and Taneaka’s weddings. “We were planning on her attending my wedding as my sister, Jenny,” Taneaka said. “I even got her to agree to buy a brunette wig instead of her bright blonde wig. We were so excited to see the resemblance between the two of us all dolled up together.” Jeremy told Taneaka about Jenny in 2006, but there were always signs. He secretly jammed out to TLC with Taneaka when they were children, tried on his mother’s clothes when he was a teenager and let friends put makeup on him when he was an adult. They thought the makeup was Jeremy’s way of giving everyone a good laugh, but it was an outlet for him to be Jenny, even for a few moments. “My most favorite moment is one night after work, we met up for a late night trip to Wal-Mart, since there’s not many people around late at night,” Taneaka said. “I got to help her pick out a cute outfit and some nail polish for a date she had.” Jeremy was happiest as Jenny, his mother and sister said, but some loved ones would not accept him as her. “He could hide his track marks and reasonably function when he was on some kind of high,” Taneaka said. “You can’t hide a bleach blonde wig and bright pink lipstick. He spoke very candidly to me about why. (He said), ‘Doing something, getting high, makes me not care as much about the whole trans thing. I don’t have any other way to block out how I feel and a big part of me never wanted to be like this. I don’t know if I’d rather be a normal junkie (or) a clean and sober trans person.’ ” ———— Gower has struggled with the unknown. Why did Jeremy agree to get high the first time? Why didn’t anyone tell her? Could she have persuaded him to get help? She would have tried. “When you are addicted, you are addicted,” Gower said. “Even when he presented himself as Jenny, she was still using heroin. Once it has you in its grip, there is no getting out without professional help.” Gower has dedicated herself to getting addicts professional help and making others more aware of the signs of addiction. She has sent letters to every politician, media outlet and talk show host she can think of, made a video in memory of Jeremy and joined Centre County HOPE Initiative — a local group that shares her mission. The initiative, which stands for Heroin and Opioid Education and Prevention, pits parents, former addicts, elected officials, police and local organizations against substance abuse. The group’s site lays out the facts. There have been about 60 overdose deaths since 2013 in Centre County. More than one-third of Centre County youth in sixth through 12th grade have taken “prescription drugs from a family member” in their home. Pennsylvania ranks No. 1 for overdose deaths for males ages 12 to 24. HOPE’s mission is Gower’s mission, and she has ideas about what can be done for addicts. She wants a treatment center in Bellefonte; she wants people to learn about addiction; and she wants people who are addicted to get lifelong professional help. “They need to learn how to deal with it, because it’s a lifelong battle,” she said. “Their body will crave it for the rest of their lives. They need to learn how to deal with that craving and how to fight. It’s something you can’t do on your own.” ———— There were friends who tried to stop Jeremy from using drugs. Others were addicts like him. And some still are — they could be next. “There will never be a day where we don’t have to worry about loved ones experimenting in recreational drug usage,” Taneaka said. “However, we can teach more in schools. I feel that while growing up, I learned more about drugs and sex from my friends and the internet than we did in school. ... I can’t speak for right now, but then there was very little support for LGBT kids and you learned the basics about the different drugs and ‘just say no.’ Knowledge and support, I think, are the key to the possibly finding a solution one day.” Part of the answer, Taneaka said, is also re-evaluating pain management programs. The evidence supports her — according to the American Society of Addiction Medicine, 80 percent of heroin addicts first abused prescription medication. And sometimes you have to ask, like Gower once asked Jeremy if he’d ever used drugs. But he didn’t want to disappoint her. So, he kept what masked his pain a secret. “It bothers me that Jeremy spent the majority of his life suffering in silence, not being able to be who he wanted to be, to be Jenny,” Gower said. “Because I’ll bet there are more Jennys out there. I want them to know it’s OK. I want them to know that people love you, that people will love you no matter what. What’s so hard to believe a person could be born with the wrong sex? I want people to know her. I’m proud of her, and I don’t want her to be forgotten.” Centre County LGBTA Groups ▪ Centre LGBTQA Support Network info@centrelgbtqa.org ▪ Central PA GLBT Potluck Dinners glbtpotluck@yahoo.com ▪ The Brunch Club for Gay and Bi Men info@thebrunchclub.org ▪ The Lesbian Connection TLCcentralPA@gmail.com Centre County Prevention and Treatment Providers and Counseling ▪ Centre Parents of Addicted Children Come Together 234-8222 ▪ Centre County Drug and Alcohol Office 355-6744 ▪ Clear Concepts Counseling 355-7629 ▪ Crossroads Counseling 231-0940 ▪ Penn State EPISCenter episcenter.psu.edu ▪ Quest Services 342-6740 ▪ State College Medical 235-6988 ▪ United Against Heroin Addiction 866-691-4192 Centre County Mental Health Groups ▪ Community Help Centre Call 235-1890 ▪ Crisis Intervention Team Coordinator 933-7101 ▪ Centre County Mental Health Intervention 355-6786 Veronica Gower puts on her son’s favorite hat, on which she said she used to be able to smell him. Jeremy Alterio died last year from a heroin overdose. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com Veronica Gower wears Jeremy’s favorite hat, and holds a photo of him as Jenny. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com Veronica Gower’s mantel has a photo collage of her child, Jeremy, who passed away last year from a heroin overdoes. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 days ago No parent should have to go through this, Jim Piazza says 3:47 3 days ago No parent should have to go through this, Jim Piazza says 3:30 5 days ago Strong winds sweep State College 0:25 6 days ago Monday's thunderstorm approaches Bellefonte View More Video Local Centre Gives to kick off Tuesday Share our heritage: Punt, Pass and Kick competition Bellefonte middle school students get a taste of politics Art Alliance Studio Tour features mother/daughter duo in Bellefonte Former Bellefonte Area valedictorian was Penn State commencement speaker, student marshal Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans Saturday May 6, 2017 at 8:50 PM May 6, 2017 at 8:50 PM Bruce Schreiner The Associated Press LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Danielle Bunker's flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn't going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. "It's all in the experience," Bunker, 28, said Saturday morning as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard looming over the infield. "We're bummed but we're from Ohio, so we're used to it," she said of the unfavorable weather. "We'll make do." Morning rain, combined with steady rainfall the day before, turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby on Saturday. But hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some was a first-time experience and for many was a yearly pilgrimage to the world's most famous horse race. The early rain didn't spoil the party for the crowd of 158,070 — the seventh-largest in the race's 143-year history — that watched Always Dreaming win the Run for the Roses. The rain clouds departed before the race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Sunshine emerged by early afternoon, but fans endured another round of late-afternoon showers, briefly forcing them to break out rain gear again. The rain moved out of the area well before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning when temperatures were in the 40s. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep his feet dry. "We've got it down," he said. "We've been preparing for this. We've got everything we need." Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the morning rain poured. "This is totally cramping my style," said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. "This is the absolute worst one," she moaned over the rain. "Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. (Saturday), I bought a $15 poncho." Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rain boots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. "So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here," she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. "We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while." Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. "Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here," Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. "It kind of sucks," he said of the foul weather. "But we're still going to bet, still going to drink. So we'll be fine." Lavoie said he's used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. "We've been in the rain a lot," he said. "But it doesn't mean we like to be." Amid the usual Derby fare of celebrities, pomp and fashion, there was a quirky side. Peggy Miller plodded around the track dressed as a trash can filled with empty beer cans. "I'm representing all the partiers," the 59-year-old Derby regular said. The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. "They're selling them for $15 here," Smith said. "Forget betting. That's how to make some money." About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Sports Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 57° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Some clouds. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low 42F. Winds SW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 7, 2017 @ 7:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis News Salem store owner, employee charged with vandalizing cars By Peter Francis pfrancis@eagletribune.com 1 hr ago Step Up For Colleen 5K Lawrence High School shelves its library At a little-known proceeding, defendants roll the dice  State welfare restrictions are cutting fraud After decades of investigations, longtime detective Pilz retires  Central Catholic High School alumni detail past abuse  Pricey projects could lead to water rate hikes Crunching the numbers Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Gallery featured Step Up For Colleen 5K +33 7 hrs ago Carlos comes home Run Calendar Soaring Owl The Closer: Seventh inning stress doesn't bother Central's Conaton Three-time Eagle-Tribune All-Star Imrie dreaming of title for Andover Area Games Surprising Reggies state tourney-bound Wizards' Oubre suspended for Game 4 for knocking over Olynyk Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News 12 hrs ago Reunions Community Calendar Community Calendar Club News Reunions Reunions Club News Community Calendar Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Letters To The Editor Giving thanks during National Nurses Week 16 hrs ago Program boosts students' understanding of opioid risks Trump brings a needed change in direction We're longing for doctors' time, concern Bill would make hearing aids available over the counter Airlines get viral comeuppance after years of pushing around passengers State should broaden lead testing beyond schools Sound Off House shifts health care attention to Senate Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans By BRUCE SCHREINER Associated Press May 6, 2017 Updated May 6, 2017 LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Danielle Bunker's flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn't going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. "It's all in the experience," Bunker, 28, said Saturday morning as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard looming over the infield. "We're bummed but we're from Ohio, so we're used to it," she said of the unfavorable weather. "We'll make do." Morning rain, combined with steady rainfall the day before, turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby on Saturday. But hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some was a first-time experience and for many was a yearly pilgrimage to the world's most famous horse race. The early rain didn't spoil the party for the crowd of 158,070 — the seventh-largest in the race's 143-year history — that watched Always Dreaming win the Run for the Roses. The rain clouds departed before the race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Sunshine emerged by early afternoon, but fans endured another round of late-afternoon showers, briefly forcing them to break out rain gear again. The rain moved out of the area well before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning when temperatures were in the 40s. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep his feet dry. "We've got it down," he said. "We've been preparing for this. We've got everything we need." Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the morning rain poured. "This is totally cramping my style," said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. "This is the absolute worst one," she moaned over the rain. "Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho." Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rain boots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. "So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here," she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. "We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while." Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. "Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here," Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. "It kind of sucks," he said of the foul weather. "But we're still going to bet, still going to drink. So we'll be fine." Lavoie said he's used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. "We've been in the rain a lot," he said. "But it doesn't mean we like to be." Amid the usual Derby fare of celebrities, pomp and fashion, there was a quirky side. Peggy Miller plodded around the track dressed as a trash can filled with empty beer cans. "I'm representing all the partiers," the 59-year-old Derby regular said. The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. "They're selling them for $15 here," Smith said. "Forget betting. That's how to make some money." ___ Reporters Dylan Lovan and Claire Galofaro contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Sports Horse Racing Shoes Fashion Accessories Fashion Beauty And Fashion Lifestyle Kentucky Derby Thoroughbred Racing Weather Locations Louisville Kentucky United States North America We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS North of Boston Magazines Our magazines highlight people, places and events in our North of Boston communities.Read Our Magazines Featured Homes of the Week +5 4 Viking Street, Hampton, N.H. By Sarah Ashley Pratt Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: First responders fall ill at scene of man's death Methuen mother charged after son dies in July car accident UPDATE: Man found dead inside Salem, NH, home Nault resigns from Central Catholic after misconduct investigation Central Catholic sex abuse demonstration will unveil new allegations from 1960s incidents Two held on high bail after heroin arrests Windham man who attempted suicide in police station parking lot dies at local hospital BREAKING: Police block off Hill Street in Salem, NH; investigate suicide threat Past sex abuse allegations revealed at Central protest First responders fall ill investigating unattended Haverhill death Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/7/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Ubiquiti's Amplifi Now on a Shelf Near You. Can Consumer Wi-Fi Be a New Growth Driver? Formerly enterprise and online-only, Ubiquiti is bringing its newest product to a brick-and-mortar retailer near you. Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) May 6, 2017 at 6:36PM One of the hardest things to value in a company are future products and markets. For instance, who could have predicted Amazon would become a leader in IT infrastructure back in 2000? Or that Apple would be a phone-maker, back in the 90s? However, it is precisely these types of less predictable innovations that can lead to Amazon and Apple-like returns. Lesser-known Ubiquiti Networks (NASDAQ:UBNT) recently rolled out a new business segment, and it's coming to a retail store near you. If you haven't heard of the company, that is because it is mostly known for its high-performance radios that form the backbone of WISP networks (wireless internet service providers). In more rural parts of the U.S. and emerging markets, service providers are selling broadband wirelessly via Ubiquiti's radios. In 2011, Ubiquiti ventured inside small businesses and schools with its Unifi product -- its line of enterprise-grade access points, switches, and routers. That segment has been a huge success, posting 87% year over year gains last quarter, and it is now almost as big as the service provider segment. Next up: Amplifi In 2016, Ubiquiti entered the consumer home Wi-Fi market with its next new product line called Amplifi. Amplifi's mesh-Wi-Fi system is geared to give your home enterprise-grade Wi-Fi speeds and fill pesky dead spots, all at consumer prices. This type of home solution had previously been the realm of low-cost consumer routers made by Netgear or Google, but these days, greater capability is need to handle the increased data requirements for connected home devices and video streaming. Therefore, Ubiquiti thought consumers might now have use for its high-powered technology. With the consumer in mind, the company constructed the router to look cool, with a blue-light touchscreen, and also made the system very easy to set up. Owners can set up a network in minutes, easily add or drop devices to their networks, and check network speeds all from the easy-to-use app. source: Amplifi.com Last week, Ubiquiti announced that Amplifi would now be available at Sam's Club, Best Buy, and Gamestop. Despite being unveiled a year ago , Amplifi was only previously available via Amazon or the Amplifi online Store. The reason for the hold-up lies in Ubiquiti's ultra-lean business model. The company does little to no sales or marketing efforts, instead utilizing its online community where tech-savvy enterprise customers can commiserate the lack of availability of its devices, then only ramping up volumes when demand is assured. The average consumer is much less savvy. So, instead of rolling the product out nationwide and risking an inventory buildup, the company sold product first through its own store, then the largest online destination, Amazon, in conjunction with an initial PR rollout. Now, the company is ready to get the product in front of people in a physical store. In many ways, this will be the ultimate test as to whether consumers will snatch up these advanced offerings. Sam's Club is part of Wal-Mart, still the largest retailer in the U.S. by a wide margin. Despite years of revenue declines, Best Buy is still the leading electronics retailer in North America, and could be boosted further by bankruptcies among rivals. It also has the all-important Geek Squad, which can educate laymen about mesh networks. The most interesting placement is in Gamestop. Gamers require very high speeds, so Ubiquiti is making a statement that these high-end applications require its high-end technology. Will Amplifi move the needle? Right now, Amplifi is lumped in with Ubiquiti's Unifi segment when the company reports revenues, due to the segment being new. If the new retail push can gain traction, it could become material, especially if the glowing reviews like this from App Advice are any indication of consumer sentiment.  A system consisting of the main router and two mesh points ranges anywhere from the standard $199 system to the $349 HD system. Users can also buy the router or mesh points separately. Assuming the company can sell 100,000 systems per year, that would equate to around $30 million, which would be about 4% of current revenues. However, it is likely Ubiquiti will expand internationally if the product sells well in the years to come, and establishing the brand may also allow the company to follow with more products for the Internet of Things and increasingly, the connected home. As Amazon and Apple taught us with cloud computing and the iPhone, entirely new products can sometimes be even more material than older core businesses. Investors should keep an eye on how Amplifi catches on this year. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Billy Duberstein owns shares of Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Apple, and Ubiquiti Networks. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Apple, Netflix, and Ubiquiti Networks. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) None Article Info May 6, 2017 at 6:36PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Ubiquiti Networks NASDAQ:UBNT $47.21 down $-2.96 (-5.90%) Read More Why Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. Briefly Fell 11% on Friday Why Yelp, Organovo Holdings, and Ubiquiti Networks Slumped Today Ubiquiti Networks Inc. Reports Meager Growth Why Shares of Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. Are Soaring Today Can Ubiquiti’s Run Continue in 2017? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Ubiquiti's Amplifi Now on a Shelf Near You. Can Consumer Wi-Fi Be a New Growth Driver? @themotleyfool #stocks $UBNT
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for PalmBeachPost.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your PalmBeachPost.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on PalmBeachPost.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Autos Homes Classifieds Help 66 0 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 66 0 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav All News Breaking News Busin﻿ess Crime Booking Blotter Schools & Education Latest Videos Opinion Nation & World Mobile Alerts Email Newsletters Neighborhoods NEWS BLOGS Post on Politics Protecting Your Pocket Opinion Zone Real Time Malled! South Florida Retail Extra Credit Education West Palm Beat Eye on Palm Beach County All blogs MyPalmBeachPost close subnav open subnav All MyPalmBeachPost Local Community U.S. / World Politics Exclusives Sports Travel Food The Post's ePaper PREMIUM BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Post on Politics Real Time Frankly Florida Dave's Digital The Insider Weather close subnav open subnav All Weather Storm2017.com Interactive Radar Current Conditions Five-Day Forecast Follow Kim Weather+ App Storm2016.com Home Tropical Outlook Ocean Temps Tracking Map Life close subnav open subnav All Life Food & Dining Craft Beer Scene Ask Legal Experts Health Ask Health Experts Travel Hometown Destinations Notables Pets Offbeat Technology TAKE A BREAK Notables Games TV Listings CUSTOMER SERVICE Place an Announcement Place an Obituary Sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Scores & Schedules High Schools Dolphins Heat Marlins Hurricanes Gators Seminoles Recruiting Golf The Masters SPORTS BLOGS Daily Dolphin Heat Zone Fish Tank Canes Watch Gator Bytes Seminole Post FAU Focus High School Buzz From the Bunker Youth Sports Daily All blogs Things To Do close subnav open subnav All Things To Do Search Events Movie Showtimes Add an Event Latest Videos Dining TV Craft Beer Scene THINGS TO DO BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Featured The Pop File S. Florida Super Fun Team MORE Pets Travel More close subnav open subnav All More Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Autos Public Notices Historic Archive: 1916 -  Text Archive: 1989 -  Shopping My Local Home Design Ideas Palm Beach Post ePaper SERVICES Place a Celebration Obituary Notice Place a Classified Ad Digital Products Archives Newspapers in Education Ideabar Digital Marketing Reprints / Licensing Gallery Palm Beach 66 West Palm Beach, FL  33401 0 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Obituaries Newsletters Place a Classified Ad Subscribe Customer Care Real Estate Jobs Autos Contact Us Advertising Digital Products Explore these products PalmBeachPost.com MyPalmBeachPost.com Palm Beach Post ePaper PalmBeachDailyNews.com Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out JUST IN: Florida woman backs car into home, blames flip-flops 0 JUST IN: Florida woman backs car into home, blames flip-flops 0 Ryan DiPentima Palm Beach Post Staff Writer 4:57 p.m Friday, May 5, 2017 Local News 0 News View CaptionHide Caption Pixabay.com File photo of flip-flops A Florida woman who backed her car up through her neighbor’s home blames the whole thing on her flip-flops. According to NWF Daily News, the unidentified female driver, of Fort Walton Beach, was backing up in her Ford Freestyle early Friday morning when she said her foot slipped off the brake and got stuck under the gas pedal, causing her vehicle to crash through the home across the street.  >> Florida man drives drunk at 87 mph in Keys with 3 kids in car “I went from barely moving to my foot being stuck under the gas and I couldn’t stop,” the woman told NWF Daily News. “I’ve been driving in flip-flops my whole life.” Her car plowed through the front window of the home and ended up in the living room, only 20 feet from the kitchen, where a boy in the home was eating cereal. No one in the home was injured. >> Florida man working at Walmart uses break to invade home Two engineers ensured the home was safe before a tow truck removed the vehicle, according to NWF Daily News. PHOTOS/STORY: Car crashes into home in Fort Walton Beach -https://t.co/B8Jm7Y6ATF pic.twitter.com/7e5hLNOaAC— Nick Tomecek (@NickTNWFDN) May 5, 2017 Read more at NWF Daily News. » Download our PostNOW app to get the latest Breaking News View Comments 0 Most Read Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County Peyton Manning helped sell Miami Dolphins on Julius Thomas | The Daily Dolphin Family consoles dying man, tells him Trump being impeached Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 66 33401 0 Most Read Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County Peyton Manning helped sell Miami Dolphins on Julius Thomas | The Daily Dolphin Family consoles dying man, tells him Trump being impeached Things To Do Add Event + See More More from palmbeachpost.com Topics News Sports Life News WATCH: Obama talks health care fight in Profile in Courage Award speech Patricia Humphries Scott Sports 2017 NBA Playoffs: Schedule, scores, live updates, results, games for Sunday (05/07/17), second... Sports 2017 NHL Playoffs: Schedule, scores, live updates, results, games for Sunday (05/07/17) Sports Auburn baseball: Tigers play 15 innings, can’t avoid being swept by the Tide Sports 2017 NBA Playoffs: Results, scores, live updates schedule for Sunday games (5/7/2017) Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS LIFE NEIGHBORHOODS CLASSIFIEDS THINGS TO DO VIDEOS PARTNERS FIND N SAVE KUDZU AUTOTRADER VALPAK PALM BEACH DAILY NEWS IDEABAR DIGITAL SERVICES SHORTCUTS OBITUARIES PLACE A CLASSIFIED AD CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS REAL ESTATE JOBS AUTOS ADVERTISE WITH US PLACE AN ANNOUNCEMENT DIGITAL PRODUCTS CUSTOMER CARE SUBSCRIBE FUN GAMES FOLLOW US MOBILE ALERTS NEWSLETTERS FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE PINTEREST UTILITIES ARCHIVES MEMBER CENTER WEATHER TRAFFIC MAP PUBLIC NOTICES GALLERY PALM BEACH NEWSPAPERS IN EDUCATION REPRINTS / LICENSING INTERNSHIPS PRODUCTS PalmBeachPost.com - Get Palm Beach County's News Now myPalmBeachPost - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More ePaper - Read Today's Paper The Palm Beach Post - Real News Starts HereSubscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Smith: The best of Pure Michigan Casey co-founded Detroit’s Capuchin soup kitchen, which continues to feed the bodies and nourish the souls of thousands Post to Facebook Smith: The best of Pure Michigan Casey co-founded Detroit’s Capuchin soup kitchen, which continues to feed the bodies and nourish the souls of thousands  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2plfGhR {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Smith: The best of Pure Michigan Paul W. Smith 10:48 p.m. ET May 7, 2017 Paul W. Smith CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE “Outta’ My Mind on a Monday Moanin’” It was the late, great Edmund T. Ahee who first told me about Catholic priest Solanus Casey. I still carry the Casey scapula Ahee gave me over 20 years ago. The Ahee family continues to this day to raise hundreds of thousands of dollars every year for the Capuchin Franciscan Order of St. Joseph, Casey’s order and home in Detroit. Casey was one of the co-founders of the city’s Capuchin Soup Kitchen, which continues to feed the bodies and nourish the souls of thousands of the hungry in our area. When the story broke that Pope Francis announced the beatification of Casey, my first thought was of the Ahee family and wishing that the patriarch, Ahee, could still be around to celebrate this good news that he prayed for for years. Then it occurred to me. He got to celebrate the good news with Casey. ■As we wrapped up our “2017 Paul W. Smith WJR Pure Michigan Tour,” we veered off our planned path to experience what our account executive Jeff Marcero called a must-see store. As tired as my executive producer Ann Thomas and I were, we agreed to go about a half an hour out of our way to humor him. Am I glad we did. We were introduced to the world of Marty Hornacek and his Northwoods Wholesale Outlet in Pinconning. Marty told me he was proud to have what he called Michigan’s largest, most unique dollar store and deep discount extravaganza. Kayaks, crowsbows, Cheez-Its, fishing, camping and RV supplies, many at prices lower than Wal-Mart. This one-of-a-kind store makes Cabela’s look like a 7-Eleven. Paul W. Smith is host of The Paul W. Smith Show on WJR-AM (760) from 5:30-9 a.m. Monday-Friday. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2plfGhR TOP VIDEOS DTE video captures theft of a backpack from a bait car 0:45 LifeBuilders' mission to revitalize Detroit’s Regent Park 1:37 Dog owner talks about maulings 1:30 Lyft driver shot at after kicking out passengers 2:17 St. Charles Residence to bring new condos to Islandview neighborhood 1:21 Raw video: Shuttered Detroit animal center demolished 1:37 Century Partners invest in Detroit 3:46 Bus driver shot after ejecting DDOT bus passenger 0:12 Surveillance footage of Walgreens break-in 0:10 Surveillance video of Huron Room break-in suspects 0:09
News Sports Living Classifieds 51° Full Menu 51° Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube E-Edition News All News Metro-east News Business Crime Belleville News Education News Violation of Trust O'Fallon Progress Highland News Leader State|Region News Nation|World News Politics and Government Scott Air Force Base Submit a News Tip Public Salaries Send Us Your Photographs Sports All Sports Cardinals Cheap Seats Blog Blues Colleges High Schools Recruiting High School Football High School Baseball/Softball High School Basketball Send Us Your Photographs Politics Politics Elections Living All Living BND Magazine Entertainment Food Horoscopes Answer Man Special Sections Records Contests Comics Puzzles & Games Celebrations Send Us Your Photographs Opinion All Opinion Editorial Glenn McCoy Letters/Sound-off Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Shopping Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Service Directory Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Place Ad Letters to the Editor May 07, 2017 7:00 PM BND readers sound off on airport parking, new taxes, abortion LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Making Belleville proud Congratulations to Miss Danielle Lanxon in the World Special Olympics. She makes Belleville proud. Body in trunk? MidAmerica Airport Director Tim Cantwell said in a recent interview that there are people who park at the airport for months at a time. That’s an open invitation for unscrupulous characters to ditch a stolen vehicle or park one with a dead body or explosives in the trunk. No good can come from such an uncontrolled environment. Swansea inaccessible Why is the new Swansea government center not ADA compliant? Those with disabilities can’t easily access the building. It doesn’t seem well thought-out to me. Get aggressive at night I hope that with Mayor Eckert being re-elected that he will take a serious look at Belleville’s police department. Crime in Belleville is bad, no matter what they say about it. I feel that our current chief is not doing what needs to be done to help curb crime in our city. He needs to get more officers out patrolling the streets, especially at night. Belleville needs a new, young and aggressive police chief to turn things around and make the city safer. No jobs, no money The story about the “guardian angel” repo man and the family he’s helped is repeated by families all over southern Illinois. The area is depressed and our elected officials have failed us. There are no jobs and no money. It’s a sad thing. Vote, then tax hike I’m disappointed in the BND story about the county increasing the property taxes. There was no mention about how this vote happened two weeks after numerous county officials were up for re-election. How convenient for them. Their first order of business was to raise our taxes. County Board phantoms In reference to “Marissa Silence” in last week’s Sound-off, we should also have “Unincorporated Belleville Silence.” We have never met our board member. We never knew a thing about trash pick up in St. Clair County. Don’t feel like you’re the only person. I think the board members should let us know who they are and what their job is. Eye for an eye People complain about the inhumanity of the death penalty but I think that we’ve come a long way since the hangman’s noose or the guillotine. In fact, I think we’re too nice. I think that we should dispatch murderers in the same manner in which they kill their victims. Torture someone to death? Then, that’s your death penalty sentence — torture. If that solution isn’t good enough for some people, I don’t know what is. Opioids bad, abortion OK? In the article about the deaths from opioid and heroin abuse, how can legislators be outraged about death from opioid abuse and spend gobs of money to sue pharmaceutical companies but fund abortions? In one scenario, people intentionally kill themselves and make a poor choice every day and in the other, innocent babies, who don’t have a say, are killed with state money. Please explain Springfield, I am very confused. Cell phone addicts I attended an outstanding performance of The Lion King in St. Louis. During the intermission, I noticed that this country has a bigger problem than smoking or drug addiction. Everybody has to pull out their cell phones and start texting. It is ridiculous the number of people who are addicted to the cell phones. The audience paid $100 or more for a seat and they were more interested in texting than a Broadway performance. Feedback: Term limits I wonder how sincere Bost and Clayborne are about getting feedback from their constituents. Clayborne calls a town hall meeting via phone but waits until the evening before to alert us. Mike Bost sends surveys but the mail-in postcard isn’t an approved size by the postal service and costs 90 cents to mail back to him. Here’s some feedback for both of these gentlemen: term limits. Morally corrupt Thank you, BND, for the article exposing the patronage hiring practices of Jay Hoffman and James Clayborne. Unlike private sector hiring, where you hire the best possible person, Jay Hoffman and James Clayborne had agencies hire unqualified political wonks. Not only were these people unqualified, they were hired at the top salary range. These morally corrupt Illinois politicians are unable to fulfill their basic responsibilities to the voters and the State of Illinois. They only serve their master, Mike Madigan. No wonder Illinois is close to bankruptcy and in serious decline. Resign, lawmakers James Clayborne and Jay Hoffman, both of you should resign. You have no idea how angry you have made the taxpayers with your hiring practices. What you did was no different than Rod Blagojevich, the former governor, who’s now in prison, when he tried to sell Obama’s seat. Do the right thing and resign. Roomies again Crooked legislators like Hoffman and Clayborne are why taxes are so high, real estate taxes are so outrageous and the cost of living is out of control in Illinois. The real crazy part is that we keep electing the same guys in office. You all are gluttons for punishment. Jay Hoffman was a close friend and college roommate of Rod Blagojevich. He should be serving time like Blagojevich. Investigate Clayborne Beth Hundsdorfer and George Pawlaczyk should do an in-depth investigation on Clayborne and “follow the money” just like in the Watergate case. I bet that they’d find so much to give to the State’s Attorney that they’d destroy the corruption in St. Clair County once and for all. Cringing at C.J. In the story of the teen charged in the death of another teen at the party, the more I read about C.J. Baricevic, the more I cringe. “He’s not a danger to himself or others?” He killed somebody, even if he didn’t mean to. Let his mother imagine seeing her own son in a casket and then maybe we’ll have some sense in this case. “He didn’t have any weapons?” He had his fists and that was fatal. I don’t known if I want to read any more about this case because of Baricevic. Storm chaser violations Fairview and Swansea police issue tickets for phone usage and distracted driving. It appears St. Clair County EMA thinks they are above the law as they are always posting pictures taken from the driver’s side of the vehicle showing storm fronts, etc. If they are providing proof of using their phone while driving, why are they not getting tickets? St. Clair County at its best. Walmart in TIF 3? Not sure which property is going to be the new Walmart, but most of that area is TIF 3. If it’s the one I think it is, then the property tax will be $112 of which all goes to TIF 3. Therefore, District 201, county, library, local school districts, all of those are going to be out of luck. Good or bad explosion? Mayor Eckert thought that the businesses along Route 15 were exploding. I was confused. I didn’t know if he meant that he thought the future looked bright or if it was blowing up in his face. Healthy or not? I’m calling about Edith Moore. The sheriff came to arrest her but her health wasn’t good and he didn’t. The next week, she goes to vote for Tommy Dancy for Oliver Hamilton and goes to all the meetings. Her health is so bad that they don’t arrest her, but she’s healthy enough to go to meetings? Eckert’s agenda The Belleville aldermen saying that they’re going to do great things for the taxpayers in Belleville, don’t believe it. They are all on Mark Eckert’s agenda, not their own. Anyone who believes them is a bigger fool than they are. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 hours ago Fire department's open house features medical helicopter landing, Q&A 2:44 11 hours ago Fire department's open house features medical helicopter landing, Q&A 0:28 15 hours ago Granite City mobile home park still flooded 1:30 a day ago Photo studio opens in Shiloh, emphasis on affordable View More Video Letters to the Editor Editorial Board makes Belleville sound like nightmare town Students need safe schools to get most out of education Donald Trump and Kim Jong Un are two peas a pod If you can’t say anything nice, don’t say anything at all Do you even cover Collinsville at all? Letters to the Editor Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu FORTUNATE EVENTS Brexit Britain has more billionaires than ever—and they’re getting richer Written by Eshe Nelson May 07, 2017 Cheers to us. (Reuters/Cathal McNaughton) Share Written by Eshe Nelson May 07, 2017 Britain’s decision to exit the European Union was a “leap into the dark,” according to the UK’s prime minister at the time. House prices would crash, the economy would stall, and the Brits would all be worse off. But for the UK’s richest at least, Brexit was a leap into a pot of gold. There are now more billionaires in the UK than ever before. According to the annual Sunday Times Rich List (paywall), released today, the UK now has 134 billionaires, 14 more than last year. Their wealth amounts to a staggering £419 billion ($543 billion). After the UK voted to leave the EU, the pound plummeted fast. That was good news for some of Britain’s wealthiest, as the weaker currency propelled the UK stock market to record highs and increased earnings on any overseas investments. Brexit only helped to boost the fortunes of a group of people already successful at growing their wealth. The UK’s richest had a hand in the EU referendum. Twenty nine people from the list contributed £17.4 million to the campaign to leave the EU, outstripping the £10.4 million spent on the campaign to stay by thirty people on the list. The Rich List covers Britain’s 1,000 wealthiest individuals and families. In total, their wealth comes to £658 billion, a 14% increase on 2016. Who’s on top of the list? Sri and Gopi Hinduja: The India-born brothers topped the Rich List with £16.2 billion in wealth and have made their money in investments ranging from oil, gas, and cars, to defense to media. Len Blavatnik: Second on the list with just under £16 billion, Blavatnik owns Access Industries, an investment company with assets that include the Warner Music Group. David and Simon Reuben: Also from Mumbai, these brothers first made their £14 billion fortune as one of the world’s largest producers of aluminium. Despite this enormous wealth, the Hinduja brothers only rank 44th on the list of the world’s richest people. Top spots on that list are dominated by Americans like the Walton family (founders of Walmart), the Koch brothers, and Bill Gates. Brexit may have helped the UK’s richest but it’s been bad news for most Brits. The pound’s tumble has caused a surge in inflation, which has put pressure on already weak earnings. Recently, this turned real wage growth negative, essentially handing most of the population a pay cut. Most Popular A Chinese revolution in karaoke is making it much better for introverts Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Mon, May 8, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Retail & Services Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Transport & Tourism All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Gorta-Self Help Africa wins €6.5m crop project in Kenya EU-backed food production project focuses on production and processing of cassava about 17 hours ago Alison Healy Mary Otieno from Nyabera village in western Kenya in her cassava plantation. She is among 28,000 small farmers who will benefit from the new Gorta-Self Help Africa project in Kenya         Irish charity Gorta-Self Help Africa has won a €6.5 million contract to run an EU-backed food production project in Kenya. The new project focuses on increasing the production and processing of high quality cassava. Millions of people in developing countries rely on the root cassava for its carbohydrate content but the quality of the crop is often low. Cassava can tolerate temperature extremes and marginal soil, and it grows particularly well along Kenya’s low-lying coastal savannahs. Farmers who sign up to the project will receive training in the production and processing of cassava and of other crops. Some 28,000 rural poor farmers will be targeted for the project, and more than half of them will be female. Farmers will be given access to quality, disease-free planting materials, and 300 people will receive training in quality seed production. The project will also support research into improving cassava varieties. Gorta Self-Help Africa will work with trade bodies, agricultural co-ops, and small and medium businesses to process and trade cassava. The charity said the project would create 5,600 local jobs, and would help more than 140,000 people through the creation of jobs, the production of food and the development of farm businesses. Coastal belt It will focus on four regions, including Kenya’s coastal belt. This area has been particularly affected by a fall in tourism numbers due to the threat of terrorism. An attack by al-Shabab militants on the Westgate Shopping Centre in Nairobi in 2013 resulted in the deaths of 67 people, while gunmen stormed Garissa University College in 2015 and killed 148 people, mostly students. There have been several smaller attacks, and the terrorism threat has meant that an estimated 30,000 people have lost their jobs in the tourism sector in Kenya in recent years. Most job losses were along the coastal belt, an area which was also hit by a severe drought induced by the El Nino weather pattern. The multimillion euro contract between Gorta-Self Help Africa and the European Union was signed in recent days. The programme is also receiving financial backing from the Walmart Foundation, a philanthropic arm of the US retailer. Start-up finance A Kenyan banking institution, Rafiki Micro-Finance, will work with the Irish charity to provide farmers with start-up finance and access to credit. Gorta-Self Help Africa’s chief executive Ray Jordan said the programme was a real development opportunity that would result in tangible employment. “By adding value to the supply chain, farmers will earn more from one of their most important food crops.”       Topics: Rafiki Micro Finance Ray Jordan European Union Garissa University Gorta Self Help Africa Walmart Foundation Africa Kenya Nairobi Read More Talk-show host Graham Norton earns €3m Parcel Motel owner Nightline acquired by delivery firm UPS Arthur Cox appoint Paul McBride to key Northern Ireland role Eir IPO ‘won’t be chance’ for hedge funds and Singapore to exit Regulator rejects claim Matheson charities’ financial services “ancillary” Investor MML buys €12m stake in Fastway Couriers Dachser acquires majority stake in Johnston Logistics Rival to An Post promises to give 20% discount Pearson defends pay rise to CEO despite profit warnings Mater Private Hospital reviews catering arrangements  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy Ireland set for fastest euro zone growth for fourth year in a row Work How to make a great first impression at a job interview Soccer Ken Early: Liverpool are a long way from socialism these days Manufacturing Accounts show Vita Cortex group had net losses of €2.3m Sponsored The Story of Home: Light and shade ‘I’m still taking it 20 years on and loving it’ The Story of Home: 'People need a sense of belonging' Charting a family adventure on the Shannon-Erne Waterways Latest Business Aryzta evaluating alternatives for Picard shareholding 07:26 Akzo sees latest PPG bid inadequate, weighs options 07:24 Euro drops after rising to six-month high 06:39 Ireland set for fastest euro zone growth for fourth year in a row 06:33 Wolfgang Münchau: Emmanuel Macron gives Europe hope 06:30 Most Read in Business 1 Lucy Kellaway: Being bad at maths is not cute – it’s dangerous 2 Ireland set for fastest euro zone growth for fourth year in a row 3 Aryzta evaluating alternatives for Picard shareholding 4 Hundreds of Irish allege abuse of French leaseback scheme 5 Revenue fears for skillset loss from staff retirements 6 Euro drops after rising to six-month high 7 Aviation recruitment firm creates 80 new jobs as part of Irish expansion 8 Shortfall in USC as tax revenues come under pressure 9 Akzo sees latest PPG bid inadequate, weighs options 10 Colm Lyons takes payments start-up Fire to UK Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Mon 8/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Search for: Bristol Observer A Stepsaver Publication Search Search for: Main menu Skip to content News Police Sports Features Good Times Neighbors Schools Uncategorized Listings Opinion Obituaries Sub menu E-Edition Contact Us Forms Subscriptions Place an Ad fire Fire report for May 5 May 7, 2017 • 0 Comments The Bristol Fire Department reported the following incidents last week. April 21 28 Jewel St., carbon monoxide incident. 12 Franklin St., assist police or other governmental agency. 396 Birch St., lock-out. 460 Emmett St., motor vehicle accident with no injuries. April 22 32 Jennings Rd., building fire. 232 Mines Rd., oil or other combustible liquid spill. Wolcott Rd., brush or brush-and-grass mixture fire. Ruby Tuesday, 1444 Farmington Ave., central station, malicious false alarm. April 23 55 Leominster Rd., fuel burner/boiler malfunction, fire confined. 25 Cottage St., lock-out. Savers, 657 Farmington Ave., lock-out. South Street and Wolcott Street, motor vehicle accident with injuries. 357 Birch St., motor vehicle accident with no injuries. April 24 Tuttle Rd. and Wolcott St., hazardous condition, other. 212 Louisiana Ave., unintentional transmission of alarm, other. Redstone Hill Road and Birch Street, electrical wiring/equipment problem, other. Barnes Highway and Pine Street, motor vehicle accident with no injuries. 147 Redstone Hill Rd., electrical wiring/equipment problem, other. Shrub Road and Burlington Avenue, unauthorized burning. 34 Princeton Dr., overheated motor. 658 Stafford Ave., outside rubbish, trash or waste fire. 300 Lake Ave., CO detector activation due to malfunction. April 25 190 Moody St., motor vehicle accident with no injuries. 49 West St., water problem, other. April 26 Brook Street and Stafford Avenue, oil or other combustible liquid spill. 200 Prospect St., gas leak (natural gas or LPG). Bikers Edge, 99 Main St., motor vehicle accident with no injuries. Rosewood Drive, power line down. L.A. Fitness, 1379 Farmington Ave., motor vehicle accident with injuries. April 27 46 Buckboard Lane, carbon monoxide detector activation, no CO. Walmart, 1400 Farmington Ave., lock-out. Bristol Senior Center, 240 Stafford Ave., smoke detector activation, no fire. Vinfen Group Home, 35 Yale Dr., unintentional transmission of alarm, other. 98 Vance Dr., EMS call, excluding vehicle accident with injury. Share this: Email Print Facebook Google LinkedIn Reddit Twitter Related Post navigation ← Martin celebrates women owned businesses Records: Aaron Hernandez was member of Bloods street gang → Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Latest News Tim McGraw, Faith Hill: A perfect marriage at Mohegan Sun Prison: Aaron Hernandez elated about acquittal, not suicidal Records: Aaron Hernandez was member of Bloods street gang Fire report for May 5 Martin celebrates women owned businesses Search Classifieds Search For: Select CategoryTRANSPORTATION (13)TAG/ESTATE SALES (5)SERVICE DIRECTORY (18)RECREATIONAL VEHICLES (4)REAL ESTATE - SALES (5)REAL ESTATE - RENT (28)NOTICES (5)MERCHANDISE (39)EMPLOYMENT (47) See All Ads See All Ads Special Sections Stepsaver Sites Stepsaver Southington Observer Plainville Observer Bristol Observer Other Observer News Scoreboard: Sports results on Saturday, May 6 Tim McGraw, Faith Hill: A perfect marriage at Mohegan Sun Register for summer courses at Tunxis Tim McGraw, Faith Hill: A perfect marriage at Mohegan Sun Town, school budgets approved by voters Sport week in review for May 5 Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Copyright © 2017 Bristol Observer. All Rights Reserved. The Magazine Basic Theme by bavotasan.com. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
