GoSearch Replay: Latest Broadcast 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 40° Low 32° High 45° Fayetteville 33° Low 23° High 37° Bentonville 27° Low 24° High 37° See complete forecast Decatur Residents Excited About Dollar General Move Posted 9:16 pm, February 2, 2017, by Seth Stephenson Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video DECATUR (KFSM)-- Dollar General announced Thursday (Feb. 2) that they plan to move their Decatur location to the old Walmart Express building. After about a year with not many choices for grocery shopping, residents of Decatur are excited to have a place to go in town for groceries. “I think after Walmart left, Decatur was really heartbroken and everyone really had to pick up the pieces," Heaven Butler said. "So I think Dollar General doing this is really a nice thing to do.” The new plans for the store include adding more products like meat, produce and will even offer gasoline. The store expects to employ 15 people depending on the needs of the store. Butler has lived in Decatur all of her life and when the Walmart Express left, she said her family chose to go to Gravette for their grocery needs. Others like Jessica Cheney and her family choose to go to the Walmart in Siloam Springs. “My mom doesn’t have a job currently so it’s easier for us to be able to shop here in town cause it doesn’t take up near as much gas just driving around here but driving all the way to Siloam is just a huge hassle," Cheney said. She said she thinks being able to drive just a few minuets in town will be a huge benefit to everyone in Decatur. Butler said she was excited to be able to get gas and a gallon of milk all in one place instead of going from one location to another. The store plans to open the new location by summer. Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Rattlesnake Slithers Out Of Texas Family’s Toilet, Then They Find 23 More Underneath Their Home Police: Remains of Newborn Found In Cardboard Box Inside Refrigerator Police: Fayetteville Man Arrested For Molesting Children California Father Dies After Tooth Infection Spreads To Lungs Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule VIDEO: Jimmy Dykes Recaps Loss To Georgia Fayetteville’s Banner Supporting ‘Black Lives Matter’ Goes Viral Fort Smith School Board Rejects Lawsuit Settlement Tiny Homes Fad Reaches Northwest Arkansas News Grocery Service Lets Users Shop Without Stepping Inside The Store News Jon Voight Shocks Stranger In Line At Walmart With Generous Thanksgiving Offer News Man Forbidden From Singing At Grandmother’s Funeral Due To His ‘Gay Lifestyle’ News Secret Santa Donates $50 Gift Cards For Fort Smith Officers To Pass Out During Shifts News 7 Teens With Special Needs Rescued From Locked Room Of ‘Deplorable’ Texas House News Caught On Camera: Man Stealing Wallet Full Of Christmas Gift Money News Benton County Deputies Take Kids Christmas Shopping News Last-Minute Shoppers Hit The Stores Before Christmas News Arkansas State Parks Offers Black Friday Alternative News Walmart To Add 10,000 Retail Jobs, Invest In Training In 2017 News Are You Paying Too Much For Your Christmas Tree? News Repo Man Pays Off Elderly Couple’s Car After He Tows It News Fayetteville Police Help Reunite Vietnam Vet With Beloved Walking Cane Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Anatomy of a play call: From headset to ‘hike!’ Stop complaining about Trump — we earned him Globe photos of the month, January 2017 Ask Neil Gorsuch about Merrick Garland Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In It’s GE vs. Walmart as corporate border tax feud erupts E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Steven Senne/Associated Press/File 2016 “I respect Walmart, but we’re going to have a different perspective on tax reform as Walmart,” said Jeffrey Immelt, chief executive of General Electric. By Lindsey Rupp, Richard Clough and Matt Townsend Bloomberg News  February 03, 2017 General Electric and Boeing are girding for a showdown with corporate giants including Walmart over a proposed US tax on imports, setting up a battle across industries that could be one of the most fractious in recent corporate history. GE and Boeing are among about two dozen companies that have formed the ‘‘American Made Coalition,’’ a group representing makers of domestic goods that will promote efforts to overhaul the US tax code. They say the so-called border-adjusted tax would help US manufacturers compete with products made overseas, giving a boost to President Trump’s goal of increasing factory jobs. Advertisement The battle is opening up a fault line in corporate America, with net importers mostly on one side and exporters on the other. Billions of dollars are at stake: The proposed overhaul of the corporate tax code, supported by House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Democrat, would reward companies that sell products outside the United States while punishing ones that rely on low-cost overseas suppliers. ‘‘I respect Walmart, but we’re going to have a different perspective on tax reform as Walmart,’’ Jeffrey Immelt, GE’s chief executive officer, said in an interview this week in Boston. ‘‘I think all of our voices need to be heard.’’ Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Opponents of the border-adjusted tax say it would force companies to pass the increases to customers — boosting prices for everything from food and clothing to gasoline and auto parts — without sparking a resurgence of domestic manufacturing. On Wednesday, more than 120 trade groups representing the auto industry and retailers such as Walmart backed a campaign, called ‘‘Americans for Affordable Products,’’ which focuses on the effect of a border tax on consumers. ‘‘This ultimately comes down to a decision of whether or not policy makers are willing to heap a tax onto consumers so that some corporations can never pay taxes again,’’ said Brian Dodge, a spokesman for Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is overseeing the effort to derail the proposal. Part of the opponents’ message is that export-focused companies may get their federal taxes drastically cut, maybe even to zero. Behind the scenes, their campaign will rely in part on lobbying by industry executives. Advertisement Republicans in the House of Representatives backing an overhaul have to win support from the Republican-controlled Senate and the White House to succeed. The border-adjusted tariff is key to the Republicans’ proposal because it would help pay for a reduction in the corporate income tax rate. Trump is warming to the idea after previously criticizing it, a senior administration official told Bloomberg News last week. In addition to GE and Boeing, the group in favor of the tax includes Dow Chemical Co., Eli Lilly, and Pfizer. Immelt said the proposed tax changes would help domestic manufacturers and contribute to Trump’s goal of boosting jobs in the United States. GE, he noted, exports more than $20 billion of products a year from the United States, while importing just a quarter of that. Still, he acknowledged that there will be ‘‘different camps’’ in the business community. Several Senate Republicans have raised doubts about a border-adjusted tax, including Georgia’s David Perdue and Utah’s Mike Lee, who said in an editorial in the Federalist magazine that it ‘‘could ravage huge swaths of our economy.’’ Democrats on the Senate finance committee have blasted the proposal, saying in a December memo that it was ‘‘risky, untested, and especially vulnerable to unforeseen consequences’’ like soaring consumer prices. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Your Ad Choices Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Special Offer for Business Travelers Get the day’s top stories by 6 am. and breaking news as it unfolds Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close We hope you’ve enjoyed your 5 free articles Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Subscribe Now Already a subscriber? Log in DON'T MISS THESE MUST READS Get unlimited access and never miss a story Anatomy of a play call: From headset to ‘hike!’ Stop complaining about Trump — we earned him Globe photos of the month, January 2017 Ask Neil Gorsuch about Merrick Garland Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW Already a subscriber? Log in Your city. Your stories. Your Globe. Yours FREE for two weeks. Enjoy free unlimited access to Globe.com for the next two weeks. Limited time only - No credit card required! Get Today's Headlines newsletter Remember me BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial. Thanks & Welcome to Globe.com You now have unlimited access for the next two weeks. Explore Globe.com BostonGlobe.com complimentary digital access has been provided to you, without a subscription, for free starting today and ending in 14 days. After the free trial period, your free BostonGlobe.com digital access will stop immediately unless you sign up for BostonGlobe.com digital subscription. Current print and digital subscribers are not eligible for the free trial.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 1971 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther PPS M2 In 9mm 2:59 PM 01/18/2017 Gun Test: SIG P226 CO2 Pistol 4:23 PM 01/11/2017 Gun Test: Magnum Research Baby Desert Eagle II In .45 ACP 4:28 PM 01/10/2017 Gun Test: Ruger GP100 .44 Special 3:46 PM 01/09/2017 Looking Beyond The Colors Of The Taurus Spectrum Pistol 4:51 PM 01/05/2017 Gun Test: Remington RM380 Pistol 9:48 AM 01/02/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller

Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, February 03, 2017, 3:11 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Business / News in brief This article was published today at 1:53 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Fired 511 in month, Wal-Mart tells city Wal-Mart Stores Inc. laid off 511 employees from its Bentonville headquarters in January, Bentonville Mayor Bob McCaslin said Thursday. Wal-Mart declined to comment. The Arkansas Democrat-Gazette previously reported that about 1,000 layoffs would occur nationwide before Jan. 31, but the company would not confirm the exact number affecting Arkansas. McCaslin said that Michael Lindsey, Wal-Mart's director of public affairs and government relations, called to inform him off the layoffs about 8 a.m. on Jan. 20, the day the layoffs began. Because of the federal Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification (WARN) Act, a company with more than 100 employees is required to notify the local government authority of a "mass layoff" that affects a certain number of full-time workers at an employment site during any 30-day period. A Jan. 24 notification-act filing in California confirmed that Wal-Mart's e-commerce division laid off 174 employees across departments in two California locations. -- Emma N. Hurt Ex-CEO's severance noted in SEC filing Former USA Truck Chief Executive Officer Randy Rogers will receive severance pay of one year's salary, $425,000, plus a lump sum payment of $120,000 and $30,000 in moving expenses, according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. James Reed, USA Truck's former chief financial officer, is now president and CEO. His annual pay was raised $100,000 to $400,000. USA Truck announced the leadership changes Monday. Jim Craig now is executive vice president and chief commercial officer in addition to his previous role as president of the brokerage division. He also received a raise from $300,000 to $350,000, plus a $150,000 bonus, some of which requires him to remain at the company until July 2018. -- Emma N. Hurt 11 issues shed value as index drops 0.04 The Arkansas Index, a price-weighted index that tracks the largest public companies based in the state, fell 0.04 to 357.77 Thursday. "Equities posted a small gain as the real estate and utilities sectors outperformed in advance of today'smonthly payroll data for January," said Leon Lants, managing director at Stephens Inc. in Little Rock. Eleven stocks declined and seven advanced. Total volume for the index was 25.5 million shares. The index was developed by Bloomberg News and the Democrat-Gazette with a base value of 100 as of Dec. 30, 1997. Business on 02/03/2017 Print Headline: Fired 511 in January, Wal-Mart tells mayor Fired 511 in month, Wal-Mart tells city Ex-CEO's severence 11 issues shed value as index drops 0.04 noted in SEC filing Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Business U.K. company bids for Enfamil maker Review ordered in Target breach deal Stocks tread water amid unease Business news in brief News in brief Amazon picks Kentucky airport as site for air... Business news in brief Private survey finds surge in hiring Key rate frozen for now, Fed says More Business stories > Comments on: News in brief To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented JOHN BRUMMETT: Know when to hold 'em (45 comments) VIDEO: At breakfast, Trump seeks prayers for Schwarzenegger over 'Apprentice' ratings (21 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Land of the scaredy-cats (77 comments) 100 riled, cite curbs on access to U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton (32 comments) After revenue report, Arkansas governor tells agencies to brace for possible cuts (9 comments) Police: Father arrested after baby taken to Little Rock hospital with life-threatening injuries (11 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory On the Record Police, Fire – February 3 By Staff Reports - 2/2/17 6:15 PM Franklin Shoplifting Walmart, 2125 N. U.S. 31: A loss prevention officer reported at 1:36 p.m. Wednesday that a man attempted to steal baseball caps. He was issued a trespass warning. Theft 300 block of Young Street: A woman reported at 9:23 p.m. Wednesday that a bag with prescription medication was stolen from her vehicle. Property-damage accidents 7:32 p.m. Wednesday — Commerce Drive and U.S. 31. 12:49 p.m. Wednesday — U.S. 31 and Commerce Drive. Greenwood Bomb threat 700 block of Wooddale Terrace: Police responded at 11:10 a.m. Thursday to an anonymous report of a bomb threat. Burglary 1200 block of Beacon Pointe Drive: Police responded to a report of burglary at 7 p.m. Wednesday. Shoplifting Dollar General, 1140 N. State Road 135: Police responded at 1:08 p.m. Wednesday to a report of shoplifting. A man was arrested. Property-damage accidents 6:41 p.m. Tuesday — U.S. 31S., and Smith Valley Road. 3:20 p.m. Tuesday — First block of Crestview Drive. 3:14 p.m. Tuesday — Interstate 65 at the Main Street mile marker. 4:15 p.m. Monday — Fry Road and State Road 1335S. 3:25 p.m. Monday — Main Street and Polk Street. 8:09 a.m. Monday — Worthsville Road and County Road 75E. Johnson County Theft 1000 block of N. Bluff Road, Greenwood: A man reported at 11:39 a.m. Wednesday that two individuals attempted to steal copper. When confronted, they put most of the copper back but were able to escape with a furnace. Jail bookings The following people recently were arrested and booked into the Johnson County Jail: Susan S. Keim, 48, 505 K Lane, Apt, 2D, Elkhart; arrested on a charge of probation revocation; held without bond. Jennifer Lynn Dearing, 37, 962 Prairie Depot, Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of violation of community corrections; held without bond. Vern Edward Purtlebaugh, 33, 3522 Timbercrest Drive, Columbus; arrested on a charge of theft; held on $250 bond. Clayton Shane Haggard, 23, 289 S. Church St., Morgantown; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; released on $1,000 bond. Stephanie B. Gerkin, 32, 1522 15th St., Bedford; arrested on a charge of driving while suspended with a previous conviction; released on $250 bond. Lisa Gale Woodall, 49, 457 Center St., Franklin; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; released on $500 bond. Jonathon David Green, 28, 1493 W. County Line Road, Greenwood; arrested on a charge of criminal conversion; released on $1,000 bond. Tyler James Noblitt, 22, 257 Creekway Court, Whiteland; arrested on a charge of resisting an officer; released on $1,200 bond. Jack Lackey Beeker, 22, 2102 S. Bayberry Drive, Bloomington; arrested on charges of possession of a controlled substance and possession of paraphernalia; held on $2,000 bond. Tiffany M. Daniel, 34, 1713 Southwood St., Greenwood; arrested on an out of county warrant; held without bond. Roger Dale Sinclair, 35, 808 S. Roosevelt Ave., Edinburgh; arrested on charges of bond forfeiture; held without bond. Jose D. Hernandez, 34, 560 Whitcomb Ave., Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of driving while suspended; held on $1,000 bond. Maranda Kelley, 25, 1009 Greenwood Springs Drive, Room 101, Greenwood; arrested on charges of restricted use of a drug injection device, possession of marijuana/hashish and driving while suspended with a previous conviction; released on $3,200 bond. Michael Ryan Jorgenson, 36, 1721 N. County Road 250W., Tipton; arrested on a charge of dealing in methamphetamine; held on $6,600 bond. David Lynn Kelly, 60, 5132 Brandywine Drive, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $300 bond. Chase Mitchell Morleym 28, 803 Butterfield Trail, Mooresville; arrested on a charge of possession of marijuana/hashish; released on $1,000 bond. Kevin Elza Richardson, 32, 198 Oliver Ave., Franklin; arrested on a charge of domestic battery; held on $2,400 bond. Uriah E. Wood, 37, 126 Brunswick Drive, Greenwood; arrested on a charge of bond forfeiture; held without bond. Shane Kristopher Dorman, 32, 75 E. Broadway St., Greenwood; arrested on a charge of contempt of court; held on $1,000 bond. Heather Dawn Kindred, 23, 3609 Caroline Ave., Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of probation revocation; held on $500 bond. Anthony Jamal Roberson, 29, 6235 Newberry Court, Apt. 306, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $183 bond. Alyssa Lauren Caudill, 29, 390 Waltz St., Edinburgh; arrested on a charge of probation revocation; held on $350 bond. The following people recently were arrested on charges of driving while intoxicated and booked into jail: James Randel Redenbaugh, 37, 3008 S. County Road 450W., Franklin; also arrested on a charge of leaving the scene of a property damage accident; held on $2,000 bond. James O. Richey, 38, 8805 Country Walk Drive, Indianapolis; held on $1,500 bond. STAY CONNECTED 11,701FansLike 3,618FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © 2017 Daily Journal unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
Friday, February 3rd, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Public discussion on 'Being Muslim in Youngs... 4:03 a.m. Fri Discarded mattresses must be bagged, taped i... 3:39 a.m. Fri UPDATE | Nordstrom drops Ivanka Trump fashions 12:39 a.m. Fri Canfield doctor charged with 78 counts of il... 10:55 p.m. Thu Potential jurors report Friday for second tr... 10:55 p.m. Thu Overdoses in Mahoning County tripled in Janu... 10:55 p.m. Thu 9-year-old donor recognized at Imagination L... 10:55 p.m. Thu all posts   Browse | Submit a Resume | Post a Job - Advertisement -   « News Home POLICE CALLS IN CANFIELD, AUSTINTOWN | Print Tweet Published: Fri, February 3, 2017 @ 12:00 a.m. POLICE CALLS A summary of police activity in the city of Canfield and Austintown: CANFIELD Jan. 24 Drug abuse: Police arrested Bryson Frantz, 18, of Ellsworth Road, Berlin Center, on two counts of drug abuse. AUSTINTOWN Jan. 23 Warrant: Police arrested Vito Weeks, 23, of Claridge Drive on a warrant for failure to appear on a traffic charge in a hit-skip incident. Theft: Police arrested George Adams, 42, of Messerly Road, Canfield, on a theft charge. Police accuse him of taking $3.98 in candy bars from the Sheetz Gas station, 5499 Mahoning Ave. He also was arrested on a warrant for failure to appear on a traffic charge. Jan. 24 Arrest: Police arrested Anthony Cruz, 25, of South Raccoon Road on a domestic-violence charge. Theft: A Kimberly Avenue man was robbed of two BP gift cards at Dollar Tree, 6007 Mahoning Ave. Criminal trespass: Police arrested Donald Salus, 47, of Shady Run Road, Youngstown, for criminal trespassing at the Austintown Plaza, where he was begging for money at the entrance. Theft: Wheels and tires were stolen from a Jeep parked at Newport Auto Group, 1665 S. Raccoon Road. Fraud: A stolen credit card was used to purchase cargo and services at Global Enterprises LLC, 150 Victoria Road. Drug offense: Police arrested Dominique McCorkle, 29, of Transylvania Avenue, Warren, on a summons for possession of marijuana and possession of drug paraphernalia. Jan. 25 Theft: Police arrested Joi Shorter, 22, of St. Louis Avenue, Youngstown, on a theft charge. Police said Shorter, an employee at Walmart, 6001 Mahoning Ave., activated seven Walmart Visa cards and the activation fee for each one at a cost of $3,534.58 and handed them to a male suspect at the store. Receiving stolen property: Police arrested Heather Bailey, 30, homeless, and Brandon Billingsley, 34, of Steubenville, on a charge of receiving stolen property. Police said they were in possession of a stolen firearm in the pickup truck they were driving. The pickup truck they were in was stolen in Dennison, and Bailey told police she stole a .40-caliber Ruger handgun the previous night in West Virginia. Billingsley also had a warrant out of Steubenville for felony fleeing and eluding. Jan. 26 Criminal trespassing: Police issued a summons to Andre Laury, 20, of Tyrell Avenue, Youngstown, on a charge of criminal trespassing at a home in the 100 block of Westminster Avenue. Jan. 27 Fraud: Merchandise was purchased fraudulently on a credit card at SVS Technologies, 260 Victoria Road. Theft: Unauthorized charges were made to a bank account to a person at a home in the 40 block of Parkgate Avenue. Warrant: Police arrested Salvatore Mineo, 59, New Road on a warrant for failure to appear for arraignment in Girard Municipal Court. Theft: A male walked out with a television at Cashland, 4805 Mahoning Ave. Criminal trespassing: Police arrested Yusuf El-Makdah, 21, of Westchester Drive on a charge of criminal trespassing at a home the 400 block of South Raccoon Road. Recovered property: A possibly stolen validation sticker was recovered at Mahoning Avenue and Viall Road. Telecommunications harassment: Texts and possible pictures were sent out from a home in the 4000 block of Norquest Boulevard. Fraud: Personal and account information was obtained from a person at a home in the 3000 block of Oakwood Avenue. Warrant: Police arrested Beth McCourt, 27, of North Main Street, Niles, on a warrant for theft. Theft: Police arrested Richard Massaro, 54, of North Meridian Road for the theft of an ATM credit/debit card at Hollywood Gaming at Mahoning Valley Race Course. Burglary: Miscellaneous computer items were stolen in a break-in at a home in the 4000 block of Westchester Drive. Jan. 28 Warrant: Police arrested Keiasia Williams, 21, of Willow Drive, Youngstown, on a warrant for receiving stolen property. Theft: A purse was stolen at Rulli Bros., 4331 Kirk Road. Drug overdose: Eight doses of Narcan were administered to an overdose victim at Phoenix House, 850 N. Meridian Road. Other stories of interest Canfield doctor indicted for illegally prescribing pain meds Jury process to start for second time in Seman case Valley's state reps urge more action on lead-contamination issues Dellick gets six months on federal gun charge Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds Commentary NewsFeed 5,321 272 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Crime-courts Wal-Mart, subsidiary agree to settle 23-county product labeling lawsuit By Jess Sullivan From page A3 | February 03, 2017 FAIRFIELD — Wal-Mart and one of its subsidiaries has agreed to pay nearly $1 million to settle a lawsuit involving the advertising and selling of plastic products in California labeled biodegradable, degradable, decomposable or compostable. The settlement, announced Thursday in a press release from Solano County District Attorney Krishna Abrams, came after prosecutors from 23 counties filed a lawsuit against the companies claiming the labeling amounted to false advertising and violated other state laws on the books since 2008. The lawsuit was filed in Napa County Superior Court. Under the terms of the settlement Wal-Mart and its subsidiary, without admitting any liability, will pay $890,000 in civil penalties and pay $50,000 to CalRecycle to fund testing of plastic products marketed to consumers as compostable or degradable. Reach Jess Sullivan at 427-6919 or jsullivan@dailyrepublic.net. Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/jsullivandr. Jess Sullivan Jess has covered the criminal justice system in Solano County for several years. He was an embedded reporter in Iraq in 2003. Story Archive @jsullivandr on Twitter LEAVE A COMMENT Leave a Reply Cancel reply Discussion | No comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Recent Articles Rail Arts District forms in Napa, first mural complete Solano high school students compete for national poetry honors Golden Dragon Acrobats stop in Vallejo for four shows ‘In My Dreams’ opens at Lawler House Gallery Week in preview: Feb. 3-9, 2017 Community Calendar: Feb. 3, 2017 Barnes & Noble a haven in Fairfield News org threatens to sue Oakland over records on fatal fire Record $466M spent on California ballot measures Mexico exports no longer just avocados, tequila Man sent back to Iran under Trump travel ban returns to US Coal ash pits: Duke Energy tells neighbors to waive claims Drought-easing California snow heaviest in 22 years US nonprofits reject funds to fight extremism due to Trump Maria Trinidad Antonio Trump’s ‘sanctuary city’ order splits red and blue states Berkeley chaos spurs questions at birthplace of free speech Court revives suit over government pesticide approvals Carl S. Everett My speech problem is starting to interfer with my job Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Stars and Stripes 02-02-17 Home Seller 01-28-2017 Stars and Stripes 01-26-2017 Home Seller 01-21-2017 Coupons and More: January 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Shop Local 2016 Local Cravings Menu Guide Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Women Making a Difference 2016 Readers’ Choice 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Health People Food Beaches Puzzles Family Fashion Home & Garden Travel Best of OC Pets Halloween Is Meryl Streep 'overrated'? No way, Frida Cinema says, and presents a weeklong festival Democrats launch early effort to unseat Ed Royce, Darrell Issa from Congress 15 things to do this weekend in Orange County (Feb. 3-5) Old hand grenade prompts evacuation in Anaheim, turns out to be a dud Analysis: Magic Johnson's return to Lakers is a win for everyone except Jim Buss Magic Johnson vows to be supportive of Jim Buss in new Lakers role Tiger Woods withdraws from Dubai Desert Classic with back spasms Sloppy Clippers still can't solve Warriors Wild Birds Unlimited opens in Huntington Beach Chinese money could flow away from Southern California if Trump sparks a trade war Debt relief attorneys sued Disney agrees to pay $100 million to end no-poaching lawsuit 'The Space Between Us' veers off-course Things to do in Orange County (Feb. 3-9) 'Top Chef' recap: Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four? Is Meryl Streep 'overrated'? No way, Frida Cinema says, and presents a weeklong festival Top news Travel Cheapo Travel: Tips on saving in Hawaii Feb. 2, 2017 Updated 8:30 p.m. 1 of 1 Consider buying your snorkeling equipment after you reach Hawaii, then sell it as you leave. That saves on rental fees, as well as the work of lugging gear from home. (File photo by Zumapress.com) Consider buying your snorkeling equipment after you reach Hawaii, then sell it as you leave. That saves on rental fees, as well as the work of lugging gear from home. (File photo by Zumapress.com) By MARLA JO FISHER / STAFF COLUMNIST Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF Hawaii has stunning landscapes, but you can also be stunned by something else – the cost of everything. Think about how far food and consumer goods must travel to get there, and you can understand why – but that doesn’t lessen the pain. Here are some money-saving tips, thanks to my lovely readers on Facebook. Getting around We always get our cars from Discount Hawaii Car Rental. We have always gotten the best deals through them (even vs. Costco, etc.). We have used them several times on the Big Island, but they are also on Maui, Honolulu, Kauai and Hilo. – Nicole Andrews Rent a car in the city, not at the airport. If you’re on Oahu, avoid the Polynesian Cultural Center. It’s a theme park with virtually nothing cultural to it. They call it a museum, but it’s more Disneyland than authentic. It’s about $50, but the prices aren’t even posted until you pay. Try not to forget anything on the mainland. Anything you buy on the islands will cost more, because everything has to be shipped there. – Jay Berman Use the city bus system, if you’re in Waikiki/Honolulu; save the rental car for a specific set of days you want to venture to North Shore or Windward coast. We used the city buses a lot to get to destinations around the city and saved. Use Yelp to find hole-in-the-wall eateries that don’t charge a tourist premium. – Samantha Gowen (Register business editor) Rent (a car) from a small local place that rents beater cars (they work fine and have AC, just older cars). We used kimosrentacar.com and got a car for $10/day that took us all over. – Shanin Ziemer Rent a car. I thought I was not going to need it but I saved a lot. I was able to drive around the whole island on my own time, eat wherever I wanted to. Also book your trips through Costco, very cheap. I actually booked mine through Expedia and also got a great offer. (Costco was sold out on the days I wanted to go but the offers on any other day were great). – Diana Salazar Shopping Shop at Costco, and get souvenirs at Wal-Mart or at the swap meet at Aloha Stadium, weekends and Wednesdays. Also has a farmers market. – Ann McCabe Parrack Buy your snorkeling gear at Wal-Mart. We sold our Wally gear to other tourists at half price as we left the beach the last time. No baggage fees coming and going, beat two-week rental fees by about $60 for the two of us. Avoid resorts. Don’t rent in Kona or on the north coast of the Big Island, for example. You can easily drive there from truly authentic villages. This probably applies to other islands, too. – Robert Mercer I got some great gifts to bring back at ABC Stores, and shopped their website for Christmas gifts, too! – Pam Ellison Cisneros I asked where the “real” people live and found a swap meet and normal stores where prices were great. – Isabelle Kaminsky We go at least once a year and have several tips; if you’re going to be there awhile, it is cheaper to buy beach chairs than to rent them for a week; get a cheap cooler and make sandwiches to take to the beach or when out sightseeing ... get the free booklets at the airport and use the coupons. – Cheryl Gilbert Accommodations If you’re staying in a hotel, use the business rooms vs. the vacationer rooms ... much cheaper. Difference is they usually don’t have that big window view ... we were fine with that as we don’t stay in the hotel that much unless we’re sleeping. I usually call the hotel direct to ask if they have a business section. – Toni Selman We didn’t do a standard hotel room, we did a timeshare type of room on Maui, and did a Costco shopping run before checking in, so that we had breakfast, lunch and snack food. We only ate out for breakfast a couple of times in the seven days. What was nice is that those resorts have barbecues also so you can grill up some burgers or steaks and still have a nice dinner. – Monika Hopson Hall Stay out of Honolulu and Waikiki. Spend your money locally where everything is cheaper and better prepared. Airbnb a place toward the middle of the island, away from the big city. Rent a car. – Kaitlin Agee This is something my wife and I did about 18 years ago, so some details might have changed. But we camped the night at Polihale State Park on Kauai, sleeping under the stars in Army green sleeping bags we rented from a surplus store in Lihue. I recall that we were able to do that – because Cristine’s dad was retired military (it’s on the site of the Pacific Missile Range facility, but thankfully no target practice went on). But this site says you can reserve space in advance with a background check and $25. to-hawaii.com – Landon Hall Rent a condo or Airbnb with a kitchen. – Lee Neil Things to do We planned excursions with Boss Frog, cheaper than booking tours through the hotel. ... We bought entertainment books for places we have visited and used them for 2-for-1 dinners and meals. – Ingrid Eck Pullen Eating We bought fruit and veggies from a stand across from the Westin resort where we stayed in Kaanapali on Maui and ate that for breakfast instead of eating breakfast at the hotel. Also, we had rooms facing inland instead of the ocean; the hundreds of dollars we saved not getting an ocean view was worth it, we saw enough ocean when we were out and about every day. We alternated going out to dinner and eating dinner in the condo. And we didn’t go crazy on souvenirs; I think the kids got one each. Stock up on poke from Foodland (grocery store)! – Laylan Connelly Perino (Register beach reporter) For Oahu: Look for the “shrimp trucks” on the North Shore. Best meal in town for $12. Go to Aloha Stadium swap meet (even during the week) for cheap souvenirs. Ask hotel staff for best places for locals to eat. – Lucy Jo More tips Go during the offseason. I went for one week from Sept. 25-Oct. 1 and got a great offer to stay at the Disney Aulani. – Diana Salazar I second going in the offseason and noticed the rental car drop-off on Maui had a bin for used beach accessories (chairs, toys, etc.) that I think they then offered to other customers. Might be worth a call ahead to see how it works. – Kristen Hinman My friends in Maui who own two businesses suggest checking out Maui Revealed and Maui Craigslist. – Gerrie Schipske Got a good travel tip for me? Or a suggestion? Email me at mfisher@scng.com. I love to hear from readers. Related Links 5 Don't-Miss Hawaii surf spots Cheapo Travel: Save on Hawaii Hungry in Hawaii? Here are Honolulu's hot new eateries Underwater Hawaii - for landlubbers Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Boys used cellphones to plot Columbine-style attack at Troy High School, police say Alleged 'brothel ringleader' recruited 29 women to work in high-end Irvine apartments, au 2 Troy High students suspected of plotting Columbine-style school shooting, police say Man hospitalized after police pursuit that ended in Irvine Murder charges filed against Irvine man accused of killing his mom and brother Related Links 5 Don't-Miss Hawaii surf spots Cheapo Travel: Save on Hawaii Hungry in Hawaii? Here are Honolulu's hot new eateries Underwater Hawaii - for landlubbers User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. Is Meryl Streep 'overrated'? No way, Frida Cinema says, and presents a weeklong festival Democrats launch early effort to unseat Ed Royce, Darrell Issa from Congress 15 things to do this weekend in Orange County (Feb. 3-5) Old hand grenade prompts evacuation in Anaheim, turns out to be a dud Analysis: Magic Johnson's return to Lakers is a win for everyone except Jim Buss Magic Johnson vows to be supportive of Jim Buss in new Lakers role Tiger Woods withdraws from Dubai Desert Classic with back spasms Sloppy Clippers still can't solve Warriors Wild Birds Unlimited opens in Huntington Beach Chinese money could flow away from Southern California if Trump sparks a trade war Debt relief attorneys sued Disney agrees to pay $100 million to end no-poaching lawsuit 'The Space Between Us' veers off-course Things to do in Orange County (Feb. 3-9) 'Top Chef' recap: Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four? Is Meryl Streep 'overrated'? No way, Frida Cinema says, and presents a weeklong festival Top news Education » Immigration is more complex than Trump vs. them, former GOP congressman says Boys used cellphones to plot Columbine-style attack at Troy High School, police say 2 Troy High students suspected of plotting Columbine-style school shooting, police say BUSINESS » Wild Birds Unlimited opens in Huntington Beach Chinese money could flow away from Southern California if Trump sparks a trade war Debt relief attorneys sued O.C. Watchdog » A nuclear disposal plan may be closer for San Onofre, other sites A smart guide to donating your car to charity Inhumane or saving lives? Why dog blood banks are being criticized Health Care » CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future Newport Beach doctor who faked own death pleads guilty to fleeing ENTERTAINMENT » 'The Space Between Us' veers off-course Things to do in Orange County (Feb. 3-9) 'Top Chef' recap: Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four? Food » 'Top Chef' recap: Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four? 10 best places in Orange County to watch the Super Bowl Chef Tin Vuong is back and thinking big at Bluegold/LXSO restaurants TELEVISION » 'Top Chef' recap: Does Newport Beach chef Shirley Chung make it to the Final Four? Drummer with disabilities pursues a dream - a shot at America's Got Talent 'Hidden Figures' a surprise win at SAG Awards as politics dominates the night Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia SUPER BOWL TEAMS » A side-by-side comparison of the Patriots, Falcons CARTOONS » Cartoons: Trump follows through SLIDESHOW » Hijabs sported as a symbol of solidarity for Muslims in Orange County SLIDESHOW » Trump protesters turned away at Dana Rohrabacher, Mimi Walters offices: We just want to be heard SLIDESHOW » Chapman University students walk out against Trump SLIDESHOW » Triplets celebrate National Signing Day almost two decades after mom struggled to give birth Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 40° 40° Low 34° High 47° Sat 28° 52° Sun 41° 58° Mon 39° 65° See complete forecast Florence police release video in hopes of identifying theft suspects Posted 9:30 pm, February 2, 2017, by Carter Watkins, Updated at 10:39PM, February 2, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video FLORENCE, Ala. - The Florence Police Department needs help identifying some theft suspects. A group of people took a stolen credit card on shopping spree and were caught on camera. On January 29th, the three people seen leaving the Hough Road Walmart in Florence had just used a stolen credit card. Investigators say it was stolen from a vehicle in Sheffield not long before they used it. The trio was able to charge $200 on the card before it got shut-down. The next day, this man tried to use the card at Walmart on Cloverdale Road, it got denied. Can you identify this quartet of thieves? Crime Stoppers would like to hear from you. Across the river, Muscle Shoals police are looking for Ashley Tollefsrud. She has an arrest warrant for possession of drug paraphernalia. Muscle Shoals police also have warrants for Scotty Lykins. The Florence man is wanted for theft of property and failure to appear. Last on the most wanted list is Virgil Hunsburger. The Tuscumbia man also has arrest warrants for theft of property and failure to appear. If you recognize any of these people don’t hesitate to call or text the Shoals Area Crime Stoppers tip line now. The tip line is now open at (256)386-8685. You can also text your tip to 274637 (CRIMES), in the message type “tip1293” and your information. (When texting make sure to identify which case you are contacting us about.) Your identity is kept anonymous, and the tip is worth a cash reward. 34.794726 -87.671907 Filed in: Shoals CrimeStoppers Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Surprise! Dozens of snakes found after Rattlesnake discovered in toilet Alabama introduces new uniform pistol permit UPDATE: Suspected Lauderdale County shooter arrested, charged for Wednesday night shooting UPDATE: Authorities identify 3 killed in wreck on Ready Section Road Latest News Problems continue for patients displaced by North Alabama Pain Clinic If your information is on this website, cyber security experts say you should opt out Son witnesses father’s murder during Craigslist sale of boy’s dirt bike Florence police release video in hopes of identifying theft suspects Shoals CrimeStoppers Two face felony charges after shopping without paying in Russellville Shoals CrimeStoppers Police search for Christmas time car burglar in Florence Shoals CrimeStoppers Campus police seek man who tried stealing from UNA mascots Shoals CrimeStoppers Russellville Police search for multiple theft suspects Shoals CrimeStoppers Florence police continue search for car theft suspect Huntsville Huntsville Police search for man believed to have run vehicle “chop shop” Huntsville News Huntsville Police need help identifying a credit card thief News Pay at the pump? Investigators issue warning after customers bilked out of thousands of dollars in Alabama, surrounding states Shoals CrimeStoppers New surveillance pictures released in Florence robbery News Hartselle police ask for the public’s help identifying man in surveillance photos Decatur Police: Man acting as law enforcement scamming Decatur residents Shoals CrimeStoppers Police in Muscle Shoals take to social media to discourage holiday theft Shoals Former Florence car dealer arrested for failure to provide titles Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 3 February 2017 | MYT 8:30 AM Credit card thieves move online as chips cut in-store fraud by olga kharifandlindsey rupp Pros and cons: A customer using a Visa Inc chip credit card at a Wal-Mart in Burbank, California. While the chip technology has cut down on incidents of in-store fraud, the use of stolen card data to pay for merchandise on websites, in mobile apps and by dialling call centres surged 40% last year, according to a report. — Bloomberg The adoption of credit-card chip technology by US retailers is having an unintended consequence: Criminals are moving from brick-and-mortar stores to the Internet.  The use of stolen card data to pay for merchandise on websites, in mobile apps and by dialling call centres surged 40% last year, according to a report from Javelin Strategy & Research released Feb 1. That’s forcing merchants to spend billions on online fraud protection in an effort to detect when a crook is using someone else’s card number.  “We are seeing more sophisticated type of fraud moving into the online environment,” said Erika Dietrich, global director of payments risk management at fraud fighter ACI Worldwide.  By the end of last year, almost 1.81 million US merchants had switched to accepting European-style chip cards, more than double the number the year before, according to Visa Inc. Issued by banks, cards containing the so-called EMV technology are much harder to counterfeit, which cuts down on in-person fraud at stores.  With worldwide e-commerce surging and more stolen data available on the black market, retailers are ramping up spending on online security. E-commerce merchants and financial institutions will spend US$9.2bil (RM40.77bil) annually in fraud-detection solutions by 2020, up 30% from current levels, according to Juniper Research.  As recently as October, the fraud-protection company Radial Inc. used to get one to two inquiries from new large customers a month. That number has since climbed to more than 12 a month, said Stefan Weitz, chief product and strategy officer. Radial’s more than 100 clients include Walgreens Boots Alliance Inc, StubHub and Ralph Lauren Corp.  Fueling the surge in interest are an increasing number of data breaches at companies ranging from Target Corp to Wendy’s Co, which potentially exposed private financial information from millions of customers to identity thieves. US government agencies and companies suffered a record 1,093 data breaches last year, up 40% from 2015, according to the Identity Theft Resource Centre in San Diego.  Javelin, which began tracking fraud in 2003, said the number of US identity-theft victims rose to a record 15.4 million last year from 13.1 million in 2015. Fraud losses, however, have remained fairly stable over the past three years, totalling US$16bil (RM70.83bil) last year. That’s down from US$22bil (RM97.39bil) in 2012, the researcher said.  “There’s a great deal of investment not only from StubHub peers, but also from the vendors,” said Joseph Asaro, head of operations for North America at StubHub, a unit of EBay Inc. “The vendors would not be investing so heavily if there’s not great profit in it.”  Defence spending  To bolster its arsenal, Visa acquired CardinalCommerce in December to help merchants and banks authenticate e-commerce transactions. New vendors are also entering the fray: This year, Tender Armor LLC, a Fort Lauderdale, Florida-based startup, will offer its fraud-fighting technology to debit-card customers of InComm Holdings Inc., which issues prepaid cards. Tender Armor texts or e-mails customers a daily code that replaces the one on the back of their cards for purchases.  “Because the code is dynamic and only known to the consumer, the fraudsters can’t use it,” Madeline Aufseeser, Tender Armor’s chief executive officer, said in an interview. “This simple solution deputizes the consumers and puts the control back in their hands.”  Meanwhile, payment processor Cayan, which serves mid- to small-sized businesses, plans to integrate security software from Kount. That company uses artificial intelligence and machine learning to help merchants pinpoint fraudulent sales. For each transaction, Kount’s engine analyses hundreds of relevant variables and activity across the globe in real time to predict risk of fraud.  Detective work  Existing fraud-fighting companies’ business is blooming. Easy Solutions Inc. says sales of its product that helps banks and retailers monitor transactions grew 128% last year, up from a 75% gain in 2015. Radial, which promises to shoulder its clients’ fraud costs, saw its sales rise 15% last year.  Radial’s software can use about 800 rules to determine if a transaction is fraudulent. Suspicious transactions are flagged and sent to several dozen human analysts around the world who can verify addresses, or even call the customers to weed out fraud.  “They do detective work at some point,” said Weitz. “We guarantee to our customers that they pay zero fraud.”  Bot crimes  Online sales worldwide are projected to rise to US$27.7tril (RM122.64tril) in 2020, up from US$22tril (RM97.50tril) last year, according to researcher eMarketer. North America, the second-largest e-commerce market in the world behind Asia, is expected to see double-digit growth through 2020, eMarketer said. Expansion into new categories such as grocery, and increasing sales through mobile devices are helping to boost sales, the company said.  More shopping online means more opportunities for crooks, who are now using sophisticated attack tools such as bots. The software programs can run through online checkout pages and place orders using stolen data automatically – without a human being needing to be involved.  “Right now the environment is more challenging than it’s ever been,” said Al Pascual, research director and head of fraud and security at Javelin, a consulting firm focused on the financial industry. “And things will get worse before they get better.” — Bloomberg  You May Be Interested Apple moves closer to iPhone assembly in India Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Nintendo plays with fire as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Here’s Apple’s challenge in India Samsung in talks with Japan’s Murata for S8 batteries: Nikkei Mobile gaming is box office business Others Also Read Ryan urged to contact SANZAAR over Fiji Super Rugby plan Cops to arrest those with spray paint at Batu Caves during Thaipusam Fishermen who saved 20 from boat mishap get RM2,000 advertisement Latest News Apple to build iPhone in India this year: official Amazon projects spending that concerns investors watching profit Snap signed five-year, US$2bil deal to use Google’s Cloud Nintendo plays with fire as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Under attack from hackers, UK isn’t hiring staff fast enough Most Viewed in Tech Apple to build iPhone in India this year: official Is it time to say ‘goodbye’ to Google Allo? Nintendo plays with fire as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Snap signed five-year, US$2bil deal to use Google’s Cloud Samsung in talks with Japan’s Murata for S8 batteries: Nikkei Under attack from hackers, UK isn’t hiring staff fast enough Apple moves closer to iPhone assembly in India Amazon projects spending that concerns investors watching profit Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Irish calculation similar to EU on Apple tax estimate: minister Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Report It Community Black History Month Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes 18° F Overcast Hi: 24° F Lo: 11° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Future up in the air for well-known polka hangout in Girard February 2, 2017 Kuzman’s polka lounge may not reopen following its owner’s deaths. Fugitive charged in Liberty shooting arrested by US Marshals 12:03 am Michael Devontae Curry, 21, is still on the loose and considered armed and dangerous. Gov. Kasich suggests increasing tax for vape products by 69 percent February 2, 2017 Car hits man trying to cross Route 224 in Boardman Twp. February 2, 2017 Police investigating murder on Youngstown’s north side 12:02 am 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 18° F Overcast Feels Like: 11° F Wind: W 5 Humidity: 68% Dewpoint: 9° F Sunrise: 7:31 AM Sunset: 5:42 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week The Big Game Big 22 Diamond Kings Starting Five Latest Headlines Undefeated Columbiana Girls roll past Leetonia February 2, 2017 Columbiana remains unbeaten after rolling past Leetonia 48-27 Thursday night in girls’ high school basketball action. YSU women drop to 0-10 on the road February 2, 2017 The Penguins lost to Valparaiso, 77-60 Thursday in Horizon League play. YSU men run out of steam against Oakland February 2, 2017 Indians, Boone Logan agree to 1-year contract February 2, 2017 New Castle grad Malik Hooker to miss NFL Combine February 2, 2017 Report It Community Black History Month Community Events Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Breast Cancer Awareness Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Tributes Search for: Search the site 18° F Overcast Hi: 24° F Lo: 11° F Father facing charges for strangling teen daughter caught shoplifting It began when police gave the girl a citation for shoplifting at a Texas Walmart and she started arguing with her father By Claire Ricke, KXAN Published: February 2, 2017, 8:12 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Courtesy: KXAN ROUND ROCK, TX (KXAN) — A Texas father is in custody, accused of strangling his 13-year-old daughter until she passed out for shoplifting at a Walmart. The father, who KXAN is not identifying to protect the identity of the victim, is charged with assaulting his daughter on Jan. 31. The incident began when police gave the girl a citation for shoplifting and released her to her parents. Moments later, a witness flagged down officers to say a man was attacking a girl next to the store. Police found the girl with a bump on her head, which was not there prior to her leaving the Walmart. Her mother said the father and daughter were arguing about her shoplifting when the situation escalated, and her father grabbed her by the throat. Wrapping his hands around her neck, the father “violently” pushed her against the wall, according to the mother. As the girl lost consciousness and her knees began to buckle, the father punched her in the face and she fell to the ground. While she was down, the father continued to punch her, according to the affidavit. EMS said the girl could not remember anything after she passed out. However, a nearby patrol car captured the entire incident on camera. The father was arrested and booked into the Williamson County Jail. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Mother accused of stabbing, mutilating 5-year-old daughter in Texas Authorities link 5 killings from 1980s to dead inmate Police: Man pistol-whipped, robbed father and daughter in Warren Second girl says she was abused by father and son on trial in Toledo Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Marketplace Shopping DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close Target, Wal-Mart among retailers, grocers taking stand against proposed import tax plan Filed under Retail at 8 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Wire Services Connect with Wire Services Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now NEW YORK -- More than 100 retailers including Wal-Mart and Target as well as key trade associations are launching a new coalition aimed at fighting a Republican proposal on how imports get taxed, a measure they believe would harm their businesses. The National Retail Federation, along with the American International Automobile Dealers Association, the National Grocers Association and others are joining forces to form Americans for Affordable Products, which will run a campaign to educate consumers and show lawmakers that the so-called Border Adjusted Tax plan would lead to higher prices of as much as 20 percent on everyday items including clothing, food and even gas. The diversified group, which also includes such companies as Nike, Best Buy, luxury conglomerate LVMH and Dollar General, is trying to make their opposition heard even while Congress and the president try to sort out exactly what adjustments to put forth. Congressional Republicans want to eliminate tax incentives that encourage U.S. companies to move overseas, sharply cut the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent, and encourage more factory output at home. But opponents say the plan would have a harmful rippling effect, causing companies to even lay off workers. The proposal -- spearheaded by House GOP Speaker Paul Ryan and Texas Rep. Kevin Brady, the top Republican on the House tax-writing committee -- would constitute the most sweeping reforms to corporate taxes in at least three decades. Trump has dismissed the cornerstone of the House GOP plan as "too complicated" and has been touting a 35 percent levy on imports. Yet his spokesman appeared to put the tax back in play last week by proposing a 20 percent tax on goods from Mexico and "other countries we have a trade deficit with" to pay for a border wall. "There's a rush to get this done in Congress. We want to make sure our voices are heard," said David French, chief lobbyist for the National Retail Federation, which has been dispatching members to meet with different levels of the new administration as well as lawmakers. Details of the consumer campaign are still being worked out, according to a spokeswoman at the retail trade group. A lot is at stake. Nearly all such items that U.S. shoppers buy are either wholly or partly produced overseas as companies have sought the cheapest way to make goods. And with online competition and shoppers trained to find the best deals, U.S. retailers haven't had the power to raise prices on many goods for several years. "I'm losing sleep. I am scared out of my mind," said Rick Woldenberg, CEO of Learning Resources, which has signed on to the coalition. It is a family-owned company based in Vernon Hills, Illinois that makes educational toys and employs 150 people in the U.S. He estimates that under the GOP plan his federal tax rate would soar to 165 percent from 39.6 percent, he would have to raise prices by 10 percent to 15 percent to stay viable, and would have to lay off employees. Retail industry leaders "describe it as an existential threat," said Stephen Lamar, executive vice president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association, another member of the coalition. "When they crunch the numbers, it really affects things like solvency and profits." Lamar said companies would likely have to pass along higher prices to shoppers, who wouldn't tolerate it. Companies say they also would have to try to squeeze suppliers for more savings and fear they might even have to lay off workers or close stores. George Feldenkreis, CEO of Perry Ellis International, estimates that he would have to raise prices on his clothing anywhere from 20 percent to 25 percent if the border tax went into effect. Shirts currently range in price from $14.99 to $49.99. "People who are thinking about it don't know the consequences," Feldenkreis said. He added that the company would also have to lay off workers. "It's not just a retail implication," said Jack Kleinhenz, chief economist at the National Retail Federation. "We know it's going to impact Main Street in many ways. It could be autos, manufacturing." The proposal would essentially tax corporations based on where their products and services are consumed, rather than on their incomes. In that way, it is similar to a sales tax. House GOP supporters such as Ryan and Brady say that would eliminate the incentives for corporations to use complex schemes to shift their incomes to lower-tax jurisdictions. To ensure the tax is focused on U.S. sales only, it would exclude a company's export sales. But the cost of imported goods would be taxed. The tax could raise as much as $1.2 trillion in revenue over the next decade, which would help pay for the steep tax cuts included in the House GOP plan. Proponents say if the plan is enacted, the dollar will increase in value by as much as 25 percent, resulting in cheaper imports and offsetting the impact. But many economists and industry executives worry the dollar wouldn't adjust, or certainly not fast enough. And Lamar said a shirt label saying "Made in China," doesn't tell the whole story. Seventy percent of the value of the garment supports U.S jobs in areas like design and logistics, he said. Other groups also oppose the border-adjusted tax, including Americans for Prosperity, a conservative organization backed by billionaires Charles and David Koch, who typically donate generously to Republican campaigns. The tax would likely encourage companies to produce more in the U.S., or buy more of their parts and components in the U.S. Some companies say they could make those changes in order to avoid raising prices too much. Robert Sands, the CEO of Constellation Brands, said on a recent conference call that the company could purchase more natural gas from the United States, rather than Mexico, which it uses to make glass for the Corona and Modelo beer it imports. "It's those kinds of things that we are looking at, planning on, if this comes to pass," Sands said. "We don't expect consumer demand for our product to be affected." Woldenberg, though, whose company makes 98 percent of its products overseas, says shifting his manufacturing to the U.S. isn't an option. In the last three years, he said he tried twice to find some U.S. molders interested in making its products here, but it wasn't financially feasible. He also doesn't believe that changes in foreign exchange rates will offset the costs of the plan for retailers. And even if it did, he says relief wouldn't come right away. "I am not going to play the currency markets to run this business," he said. "I want to make toys. I am not a forex trader." -By Anne D'Innocenzio and Christopher Rugaber View Comments Tags Retail Food Industry Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 9:21pm Fri 3 February Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Golf Rugby Boxing Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Basketball Live Scores Tennis Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews What's on Video Sideswipe TV Puzzles Movies Horoscope Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Discover America Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council 9:20 PM Friday Feb 3, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print International Politics World WASHINGTON (AP) " Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump " specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration " has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Continued below. Related Content Your views: Readers' letters Audrey Young: English's trip to Europe courtesy of Key Is the 20-hour work week the way of the future? Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Vintage machinery rolls out Machinery enthusiasts and families are invited to enjoy the sights and sounds of the… Hawke's Bay Today Fatal crash in Hastings Police have confirmed one person is dead after a fatal crash on Te Aute Rd in Havelock… Bay of Plenty Times Malcolm's litter busting efforts 'true gold' A homeless man in Mount Maunganui spends every day picking up litter for no other reason… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Kiwi up and comers enjoy opening Bathurst laps Driven talks to Simon Evans, Andrew Waite, and Dominic Storey following their first GT… Viva Best dressed celebrities of the week Alexa Chung, Karlie Kloss and more of the coolest looks True Commercial High profile Ellerslie development site A large and strategically-located development site, with resource consent in place for… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 03 Feb 2017 22:07:08 Processing Time: 21ms
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper AMERICAS CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper AMERICAS Daily Sabah > World > Americas Close Uber CEO quits Trump’s business council after critisicm COMPILED FROM WIRE SERVICES Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE Uber CEO Travis Kalanick speaks to students during an interaction at the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) campus in Mumbai, India, January 19, 2016. (Reuters Photo) The chief executive of Uber has backed out of a business advisory council set up by Donald Trump, a week after the new U.S. president issued an immigration order that raised concerns for the ride-hailing company and its employees. Travis Kalanick spoke briefly with Trump on Thursday about the order "and its issues for our community," and told the president he "would not be able to participate" in the council, he said in an email sent to employees. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick wrote. His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Americas An Iranian man turned away from Los Angeles International Airport... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Jews give Muslims key to their synagogue after their mosque burned down Breitbart editor's Berkeley talk nixed amid violent protest Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business February 3, 2017 3:16 AM Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:56 Protesters march against Trump's immigration order at Miami International Airport Pause 2:15 Kids ask Mayor Gimenez to make Miami-Dade a sanctuary county 1:17 White House: Funding to sanctuary cities a 'taxpayer issue' 1:31 South Miami guard Ezacuras Dawson talks about GMAC championship 1:19 A day with JT: A long car ride with Jason Taylor leads to Hall of Fame talk 1:55 'Cold-stunned' turtles come to the Florida Keys 1:01 ATV rider in 'Bikes Up, Guns Down' rally caught by the cops 0:58 Great white shark caught on video off Florida coast 0:26 Key deer infected with screwworm on road to recovery 0:34 Miss Universe runner-up Miss Haiti arrives in Little Haiti Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 days ago Are you up for the Challenge? 0:42 6 days ago Are you up for the Challenge? 1:05 7 days ago Norwegian's Free At Sea - January 2017 0:41 18 days ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top View more video Business In the week ahead, look for a return to economic fundamentals Capitol battle is on over funding Visit Florida, Enterprise Florida and more South Florida’s leaky pipe problem poses risk to homeowners insurance Was Florida woman kicked off Spirit flight for drunkenness, or cleavage? Alert the Jetsons! Flying cars finally on horizon Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Login Subscribe Business Nation & World Nation & World Politics Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump’s business council Originally published February 3, 2017 at 12:15 am Share story By Julie Bykowicz The Associated Press WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he’d spoken with Trump on Thursday to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won’t attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO’s schedule. Most Read Stories Bremerton councilwoman arrested at D.C. hearing for Trump's AG pick Jeff Sessions Veterans at Starbucks respond to call for boycott over hiring refugees Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West Coast Norwegian Air CEO pledges rock-bottom trans-Atlantic fares with his growing Boeing fleet ‘Divestment is our goal’: Seattle City Council to vote on pulling $3 billion from Wells Fargo over Dakota Access Pipeline  WATCHUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is “designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner,” according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment,” said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign “Grab Your Wallet.” Other forum members said they’d keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. “He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity,” said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he’d attend. He said he and others on the council “will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy.” __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Julie Bykowicz Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Retirement•Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•TSP•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press February 3, 2017 3:25 am 9 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed BEIJING (AP) — Asian stock markets were mostly lower Friday after Wall Street ended little changed as exchanges that shut for the Lunar New Year resumed trading. Some feds miss out on pay raise as salary compression worsens Cautious investors focused on earnings reports from U.S. companies including Facebook and Merck. Ryder System, a truck leasing company, fell 8 percent after earnings fell short of expectations. Ralph Lauren plunged 12 percent after announcing its CEO of two years was leaving. The Dow Jones industrial average lost 6.03 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 19,884.91. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 1.30 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,280.85 and the Nasdaq composite fell 6.45 points, or 0.1 percent, to 5,636.20. Advertisement Some investors worry President Donald Trump’s actions including last week’s immigration ban, comments on trade and tough talk toward Mexico, Australia and Iran might hurt business confidence and the economy. After a post-election rally that pushed stocks to all-time highs and the Dow above the 20,000-point mark, investors have stepped back this week. Investors looked ahead to government data on hiring for January. Some of that uncertainty could come today with the government’s jobs report for January. For this report, the first that will be at least partially under the tenure of President Trump, economists estimate employers created 175,000 jobs in January, and the unemployment rate remained at 4.7 percent, according to FactSet. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose but remains below $54 per barrel. The dollar gained against the yen and was little changed against the euro. ECONOMY-THE DAY AHEAD Major business and economic events scheduled for today WASHINGTON (AP) — The first U.S. jobs report to be released since Donald Trump became president will reveal whether growing confidence among businesses fueled an accelerated pace of hiring in January. The Labor Department will release last month’s employment data this morning. Also today, the Commerce Department will report on U.S. factory orders for December. The Institute for Supply Management, a trade group of purchasing managers will issue its index of non-manufacturing activity for January as well today. SAMSUNG ELECTRONICS-US PLANT South Korea’s Samsung mulls building US appliance factory SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — South Korea’s Samsung Electronics says it’s considering building a factory to make household appliances in the United States as various industries brace for potential protectionist trade policies under the administration of President Donald Trump. A spokeswoman for Samsung said the plans were “purely in the evaluation stage” and no decisions have been made. She didn’t want to be named, citing office rules. Samsung also said in an emailed statement on Friday that it continues to assess “new investment needs in the United States. The news drew the attention of Trump, who tweeted “Thank you, @Samsung! We would love to have you!” Most Samsung televisions, refrigerators and other household appliances sold in the United States are made in Mexico. The spokeswoman refused to say whether Samsung was worried about the possibility of the United States moving to impose tariffs on products imported from Mexico. A spokesman from LG Electronics, another South Korean technology company, said it is also considering building a manufacturing plant in the United States and will decide on the matter within the first half of the year. He also didn’t want to be named, saying that the matter was sensitive. TRUMP BUSINESS COUNCIL Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he’d spoken with Trump on Thursday to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for today. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. Public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. JAPAN-EARNS-HONDA Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses TOKYO (AP) — Honda says profit jumped 36 percent October-December on year, shrugging off damage from a strong yen, and the Japanese automaker raised its annual forecast. Tokyo-based Honda Motor Co. reported Friday cost cuts lifted fiscal third quarter profit to 168.8 billion yen ($1.5 billion), up from 124.1 billion yen the previous year. Quarterly sales edged down 3 percent to 3.5 trillion yen ($31 billion) from 3.6 trillion yen. Honda, which makes the Odyssey minivan, Asimo child-like robot and Super Cub motorcycle, raised its full fiscal year profit forecast to 545 billion yen ($4.8 billion). That was up 58 percent from 344.5 billion yen a year ago, when Honda was hit by expenses for recalls over Takata air bags. Honda had earlier expected a 415 billion yen ($3.6 billion) annual profit. CHARTER-UNIVISION Univision networks back on for Charter customers, for now NEW YORK (AP) — Millions of Charter cable customers can watch Univision again, although it may just be a temporary fix. The country’s most popular Spanish-language network and other networks owned by Univision had gone black overnight Tuesday for Charter customers in New York, Los Angeles and other markets because of a payment dispute. Univision said Thursday that a judge temporarily assigned to its court fight with Charter planned to order that the networks come back on for seven days. Another judge returns then. The companies say the networks are already coming back on. Cable companies are trying to stem rising costs for the channels they beam out, which trickle down to customer bills. Fights with the owners of the networks can lead to channels being cut off. BLUE BELL-PLANT INSPECTIONS Agency traces listeria in Blue Bell product to Iowa supplier BRENHAM, Texas (AP) — Federal inspectors have confirmed listeria found in a brand of Blue Bell ice cream that prompted another recall of its products originated with a third-party supplier. The Houston Chronicle reports that the Food and Drug Administration issued a warning letter last month to Iowa-based Aspen Hills detailing the company’s failures in preventing contamination. The contamination that forced the Blue Bell recall in October was traced to Aspen Hills’ chocolate chip cookie dough. Blue Bell credited its testing program with identifying the presence of listeria in the dough. At the time, Blue Bell was regaining some of its market share following a debilitating recall the year before resulting from 10 listeria cases in four states, including three deaths in Kansas. Aspen Hills ceased production at the end of December. PIMENTO SPREAD-RECALL Listeria prompts recall of Ruth’s Salads pimento spread CHARLOTTE, N.C. (AP) — Ruth’s Salads has announced a recall of its Original Pimento Spread in 7-ounce plastic containers after determining it could be contaminated with Listeria monocytogenes. A statement from the Charlotte-based company on Thursday said the contamination was discovered during random testing by the North Carolina Department of Agriculture. Consumers should check the label: Any spread from Lot #16, with a sell-by date of April 30, 2017, are urged to return it to the place of purchase for a full refund. So far, no illnesses have been reported. The recalled spread was distributed in grocery stores in North Carolina, South Carolina, Georgia, and parts of Virginia and Tennessee. Listeria monocytogenes can cause serious and sometimes fatal infections in young children, frail or elderly people, and others with weakened immune systems. SNAP-IPO Snap files for IPO, seeks to raise $3 billion NEW YORK (AP) — Snap Inc., owner of the popular disappearing-messages service Snapchat, seeks to raise up to $3 billion in an initial public offering. That number may change based on investor demand. The highly anticipated IPO is expected to be the one of the largest since Alibaba Group went public in 2014. But Snap is better known than the e-commerce company, drawing comparisons instead to the IPOs of Facebook and Twitter. According to IPO documents filed on Thursday, Snap has lost nearly $1 billion in the past two years. Los Angeles-based Snap had revenue of $404.5 million in 2016, up from $58.7 million in 2015. Its net loss was $514.6 million last year, and $372.9 million the year before. The company says 158 million people use Snapchat daily. AIRLINES-GULF COMPETITORS US airlines renew campaign to rein in Gulf carriers DALLAS (AP) — Leaders of the three biggest U.S. airlines are seeking to meet with new Secretary of State Rex Tillerson to revive their stalled complaint that rivals from the Middle East are getting unfair government subsidies. The issue took on new urgency last month when one of the fast-growing Middle Eastern carriers, Emirates, announced plans to begin a new route between Athens, Greece, and Newark, New Jersey, just outside New York City. Such flights would entirely bypass Emirates’ home nation, the United Arab Emirates. American Airlines CEO Doug Parker said Thursday that Emirates’ announcement — coming as the Obama administration was leaving and before the Trump administration was at full speed — “certainly looks like a shot across the bow.” NORDSTROM-IVANKA TRUMP Nordstrom to drop Ivanka Trump’s clothing, accessories line SEATTLE (AP) — Nordstrom says it will stop selling Ivanka Trump clothing and accessories. The Seattle Times reports the Seattle-based department store chain said the decision was based on the sales performance of the first daughter’s brand. A Nordstrom spokesperson didn’t say whether the decision to stop buying the brand was permanent, only that they make buying decisions each season. The move comes amid a weekslong campaign known as “Grab Your Wallet,” which has been calling for a boycott of retailers that carry Ivanka Trump or Donald Trump merchandise. In November, Nordstrom posted a response on Twitter to a shopper’s letter calling for the company to stop selling the brand, saying, “We hope that offering a vendor’s products isn’t misunderstood as us taking a political position; we’re not.” Topics: Business News Health News Lifestyle News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1848: Treaty extends US borders to Pacific Ocean Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day A Sailor practices proper freefall technique during military freefall training. A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Pentagon orders 16 specific exemptions to federal hiring freeze Top Story OMB lists agencies exempted by Trump hiring freeze Hiring/Retention DoD makes first moves to implement new military retirement system Defense OPM’s cleared up some IT rough spots, but encryption still unfinished OPM Security clearance reciprocity rate at 86 percent governmentwide Exclusive Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business February 3, 2017 3:16 AM Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:04 Bicyclists participate in weekly Light Up The Night Ride Pause 3:53 Carolina Forest girls dominant in win over Socastee 1:17 White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver 3:58 Comedian/bartender Jimmy Mathieu talks life and the Texas Top Shelf Margarita at Suck Bang Blow | Hot Pour 0:50 Fort Worth police apprehend slithery suspect 2:15 Clarissa Pittelli talks teaching first grade at Ocean Bay Elementary 3:09 Inside peek at the new Clemson Football Operations Facility 2:48 CCU coach Moglia talks recruiting class (video) 0:29 Police investigate shots fired near Seaboard Street 1:25 Getting your posture right helps in the golf swing Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 months ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 10 months ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 3:53 5 hours ago Carolina Forest girls dominant in win over Socastee 2:04 6 hours ago Bicyclists participate in weekly Light Up The Night Ride View more video National Business Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street ends little changed Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Business February 3, 2017 3:16 AM Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:39 New McClatchy CEO discusses journalism and the digital age Pause 8:37 Stephen Miller warms up crowd of Trump supporters 1:19 Pitmaster Ed Mitchell explains his passion for barbecue 0:24 Preparing NC high school students for college courses 1:57 Education Secretary nominee DeVos: I will be an advocate for all great schools 1:14 Why grow organic? 0:50 NC State's Abu: It feels like a million but it is just one 28:59 UNC's Fedora talks about the Tar Heels' signing class 1:56 Museum of History celebrates Black History Month 0:39 Wake school bus in head-on crash near Knightdale Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Google Fiber hosts grand opening of Raleigh Fiber Space 2:19 a day ago Google Fiber hosts grand opening of Raleigh Fiber Space 1:39 8 days ago New McClatchy CEO discusses journalism and the digital age 1:34 11 days ago Trump pledges huge tax cuts for business View more video Today's Market Nasdaq Powered by Barchart Business NC Gov. Roy Cooper urges business leaders to fight HB2, push to raise teacher salaries Congress scraps Obama rules on coal mining, guns Free doughnuts: Krispy Kreme gives away free doughnut with purchase of new coffee Durham textile artist turns entrepreneur with studio, pop-up shop Downtown Raleigh Alliance leader leaving Editor's Choice Videos Raleigh Top Jobs Utility Technician Dixie Pipeline Company View All Top Jobs Search Jobs Powered by Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 Mail News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated PressFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File)More WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to Read Next In Donald Trump’s White House, Female Staffers Must ‘Dress Like Women’ 2811 messages6%67%27% 50% of People Pay Too Much Best BuySponsored Lady Gaga Remains Mysterious on Super Bowl Halftime Show Details 5 messages0%50%50% Trump Supporter Fired Over Twitter Exchange With Patton Oswalt 3982 messages5%60%35% #2 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: 9/11: Then and now - 15 years later 1135 messages5%58%37% Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Former Giants Kicker Josh Brown Speaks Out After Domestic Abuse Allegations Quadruple Homicide of Washington Family Is ‘Not a Random Act,’ Police Say 148 messages3%68%29% N. Korea nuclear attack would trigger 'overwhelming response': Mattis 89 messages6%70%24% The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored New Israeli Settlements 'May Not Be Helpful' in Achieving Peace With Palestinians, White House Says 213 messages4%71%25% #8 of 10 Most Popular News Galleries of 2016: Deadly attack at Istanbul's Ataturk Airport 1007 messages9%20%71% Free Speech Questions After Canceled Milo Yiannopoulos UC Berkeley Event 4 messages0%78%22% Wall Street "Poster Boy" Makes A Big Prediction Banyan HillSponsored How This Woman Got Her Bubble Butt 82 messages8%67%25% Alert: Krispy Kreme Is Giving Away Free Doughnuts for the Next Three Weeks 351 messages7%74%19% Sen. Manchin: I’d like to see 60-vote rule apply to everything Max Wang: Who cares what you want ...hypocrite! How did you feel when Harry Reid did his little trick? Join the Conversation 1 / 5 260 Help Privacy Suggestions About our Ads Terms
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video At Berkeley Yiannopoulos protest, $100,000 in damage, 1 arrest Recounting last interactions, Sierra Lamar’s friends testify Somerville: Understanding where anarchists are coming from 2 carjacking suspects arrested after chase in Oakland News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Global stocks higher after Wall Street ends little changed Romania: justice minister stands by diluted graft law Seoul says North Korea has fired its security chief AP source: US preparing new Iran sanctions over missile test Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Stephen Curry explains decision not to compete in 3-point contest Warriors showcase depth in win over Clippers Sharks’ Patrick Marleau scores 500th goal Moore-to-Bird alley-oop finishes Cal’s 2-OT win over Utah Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Musk to Trump: What we really need is emigration, to Mars Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump advisory council A Bud for immigrants; Reddit hits ‘alt-right’; Trump history Self-driving cars are getting smarter, reports show A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do ‘Space Between Us’ lands somewhere between awful and lovely The latest from Dear Abby ‘I Am Not Your Negro’ a strong portrait of James Baldwin Dawn Holliday steps down from Slim’s, Music Hall Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog Google’s new app feature will help you find the perfect recipe Cambodian street-food restaurant Nyum Bai opens in Emeryville La Nebbia to close this weekend Foreign Cinema owners plan to open one of the largest wine bars Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis SF SPCA holding adoption pop-up at Embarcadero Center through The best U.S. cities to get married in 2017, according to San Francisco has the lowest percentage of kids of any major U.S. Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Ethical destinations: How to have a good trip Strolling among ghosts of Vietnam in Hue One Day, One Place: Accessible Argentina in Cordoba Travel Troubleshooter: United’s check in holding pattern Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Montclair Tudor exudes class, refinement Eichlers are the ‘classic cars’ of modern William Wurster–designed home with views of Santa Cruz beach, Views and style define home in San Rafael’s Upper Glenwood Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Porsche’s entry level SUV ideally done Almost 67,000 polluting VW and Audi diesels returned so far A high-performance luxury Bentley SUV Dreams of a red sports car come true Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Is your birth order influencing your career? Are you prepared for a panel interview? 5 ways to handle an unexpected career change Are thank-you letters enough? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/politics/article/Uber-CEO-backs-out-of-joining-Trump-s-business-10905391.php Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Julie Bykowicz, Associated Press Updated 12:18 am, Friday, February 3, 2017 Photo: Mahesh Kumar A., AP Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” less FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of ... more Photo: Mahesh Kumar A., AP Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council 1 / 1 Back to Gallery WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. PRESIDENT TRUMP'S SECOND WEEK Tech giants writing letter to Trump opposing immigration banTech giants writing letter to Trump opposing immigration ban Trump rattles world leaders as Cabinet tries to soften tone In shift, Trump warns Israel against new settlements Pelosi calls Trump's chief strategist a 'white supremacist' Uber CEO quits Trump advisory council Schwarzenegger fires back after Trump's comment Nordstrom cutting Ivanka Trump brand due to poor sales House scraps background check regulation LATEST NEWS J.K. Rowling's response to burning 'Harry Potter' books 2 carjacking suspects arrested after chase in Oakland Former Forbes exec charged with attacking school bus 20-year-old shot dead in SJ’s 4th homicide of 2017 Friends of Sierra LaMar testify at murder trial Baylor fights libel suit in wake of sex scandal Oakland crews clear out ‘Promise Land’ homeless camp Cops: Woman dies after boyfriend runs her over Berkeley protest causes $100K in damage; 1 arrest 'Group that did all the violence wasn’t students' Cops: Car through crowd not a crime Somerville: Understanding the anarchists Protest prompts Trump funding threat Bay Area spot saw most January rain in recorded history Surveyors 'ecstatic' over Sierra snowpack Singapore Airlines flight attendant found dead in SF hotel room More than 12M flew through OAK in 2016 Russian Hill reservoir a source of big SF debate Left turns whittled down on Van Ness Ave TODAY'S TOP PICKS 'Nightmare-inducing' robot from Boston Dynamics seen in leaked... A punk rocker's Edwardian in Noe Valley hits the market Bay Area date ideas for everyone from hipster to homebody SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored This futuristic glass display delivers GPS navigation without... Get a free Clean Energy Membership to save on electric bills... Most Popular 1 'Can she eat more kale?' Hordes of liberals want reassurance... 2 Singapore Airlines flight attendant found dead in San... 3 UC Berkeley cancels right-wing provocateur’s talk amid... 4 Trump rattles world leaders as Cabinet tries to soften tone 5 Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Trump advisory council 6 After night of violent protests, Berkeley cleans up damage 7 Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor... 8 Trump update: President trashes Schwarzenegger’s TV ratings 9 Internet obsesses over Obama's vacation outfit 10 Cops: At Yiannopoulos Berkeley protest, car through crowd not... LATEST NEWS J.K. Rowling's response to burning 'Harry Potter' books 2 carjacking suspects arrested after chase in Oakland Former Forbes exec charged with attacking school bus 20-year-old shot dead in SJ’s 4th homicide of 2017 Friends of Sierra LaMar testify at murder trial Baylor fights libel suit in wake of sex scandal Oakland crews clear out ‘Promise Land’ homeless camp Cops: Woman dies after boyfriend runs her over THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
null
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Retirement•Hiring Freeze•First 100 Days•TSP•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Uber CEO backs out… Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump’s business council By JULIE BYKOWICZ February 3, 2017 3:13 am 3 min read Share WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he’d spoken with Trump on Thursday to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. What impact will the Trump administration have on feds? Read the latest in our First 100 Days section. Disney CEO Bob Iger won’t attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO’s schedule. Advertisement White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is “designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner,” according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment,” said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign “Grab Your Wallet.” Other forum members said they’d keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. “He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity,” said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he’d attend. He said he and others on the council “will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy.” __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Topics: Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Uber CEO backs out… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1848: Treaty extends US borders to Pacific Ocean Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day A Sailor practices proper freefall technique during military freefall training. A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Pentagon orders 16 specific exemptions to federal hiring freeze Top Story OMB lists agencies exempted by Trump hiring freeze Hiring/Retention DoD makes first moves to implement new military retirement system Defense OPM’s cleared up some IT rough spots, but encryption still unfinished OPM Security clearance reciprocity rate at 86 percent governmentwide Exclusive Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Some in Faribault see sense, not bias, in an immigration timeout Trump vows to 'totally destroy' law banning political activity by churches Bill undoing St. Paul, Mpls. sick leave measures moves forward in House More Minnesota teachers leaving jobs, new state report shows Ex-official at Minn. treatment center who sexually assaulted patient had long criminal history Jurors award $28.6M to woman paralyzed in crash with Ely school bus I-94 project through Minneapolis promises to be a doozy for motorists Citing Trump, Mpls. Somali nonprofit rejects $500,000 counterextremism grant For Minnesotans in Houston, there's plenty of homework Beer and fly-tying mix well at angler gatherings in the metro Rowling in Twitter war with fans threatening to burn her books over Trump comments next National 412654583 Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press February 3, 2017 — 2:20am Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint WASHINGTON — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Trump pledges to end political limits on churches Minnesota joins lawsuit vs. Trump over executive order I-94 project through Minneapolis promises to be a doozy for motorists Jurors award $28.6M to woman paralyzed in crash with Ely school bus More Minnesota teachers leaving jobs, new state report shows Citing Trump, Mpls. Somali nonprofit rejects $500,000 counterextremism grant The Latest: Trump repeats unproven claim of illegal votes Trump moves to pull U.S. out of sweeping Asia trade deal Ivanka Trump lays groundwork for policy role in Washington Rally planned on West Broadway Monday afternoon Minneapolis $15-an-hour minimum wage petition has enough signatures for November ballot More From Politics National 41 minutes ago AP source: US preparing new Iran sanctions over missile test The Trump administration is preparing to levy new sanctions on Iran, U.S. officials say, in the first punitive action since the White House put Iran "on notice" after it test-fired a ballistic missile. National 46 minutes ago After Trump's refugee order, nonprofits reject federal money Nonprofit groups are rejecting federal grant money to combat violent extremism because of what they described as President Donald Trump's actions against the Muslim and Arab community. National 46 minutes ago With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law While insisting they've not abandoned their goal of repealing President Barack Obama's health care overhaul, Republicans are increasingly talking about "repairing" it as they grapple with disunity, drooping momentum and uneasy voters. National 51 minutes ago Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how North Carolina wants to know if marijuana could one day replace tobacco as a cash crop. Louisiana is wondering how pot holds up in high humidity. And Washington state has questions about water supplies for weed. National 51 minutes ago New CIA deputy criticized over her links to waterboarding The new deputy director of the CIA is a career spymaster who once ran a CIA prison in Thailand where terror suspects were waterboarded — a harsh interrogation technique President Donald Trump has supported. Top Stories Some in Faribault see sense, not bias, in an immigration timeout 12:18am Trump vows to 'totally destroy' law banning political activity by churches Feb. 2 Bill undoing St. Paul, Mpls. sick leave measures moves forward in House Feb. 2 Most Read Trump pledges to end political limits on churches • National US jobs report to show if Trump era began with strong hiring • National In shift, Trump warns Israel against new settlements • National 2 weeks in, Trump rattles foreign friend and foes alike • National Hello? People swamp Congress with calls in era of Trump • National World Mattis warns NKorea against any attack on US or its allies Psychiatric patient deaths spark scandal in South Africa Nation Heroic mom dies in Ill. fire after tossing her newborn from 2nd story Police storm prison, end hostage standoff; guard found dead Politics Some in Faribault see sense, not bias, in an immigration timeout Trump vows to 'totally destroy' law banning political activity by churches markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild's long-awaited call-up of Tuch could trigger shake-up Wild signs goalie Stalock, ensuring Dubnyk is expansion-protected Wolves Thibodeau, Wolves recall history at The Palace Back to school: Former Wolves coach Mitchell wants a college job Gophers Gophers, Nittany Lions hope hockey rivalry grows Reusse: Fleck says failure is growth, so there's growth in first recruiting class Celebrities Bobby Vee's children claim siblings are mishandling estate Bill Cosby judge to hear defense request for outside jurors Vikings Belichick looks for one thing in assistants — 'little Bills' For Minnesotans in Houston, there's plenty of homework poll Poll: How excited are you about Gophers football right now? 10,000 Takes Jana Shortal: Mary Tyler Moore left the light on for newswomen like me I live in Portugal now – but all I do is long for Minnesota Featured Gallery Inauguration Day: Trump becomes America's 45th president 37 photos As Donald Trump began Inauguration Day Trump supporters flocked to the nation's ... Featured Video Obama's legacy shines brightest in the faces of tomorrow's leaders 05:57 President Barack Obama's term exposed ugly racial rifts in America but a new ... Taste Step up your Super Bowl game with themed menus for each team Are we on the brink of a bacon shortage? Depends on whom you ask StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory Business Markets / Wall Street Washington & Politics Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump’s business council By JULIE BYKOWICZ - 2/3/17 3:15 AM WASHINGTON — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he’d spoken with Trump on Thursday to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won’t attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO’s schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is “designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner,” according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment,” said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign “Grab Your Wallet.” Other forum members said they’d keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. “He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity,” said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he’d attend. He said he and others on the council “will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy.” __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. VIAThe Associated Press TAGS Bob Iger Boycotts Business Corporate management Corporate news Donald Trump Elon Musk Government and politics JULIE BYKOWICZ Mary Barra Personnel Political and civil unrest Travis Kalanick United States government JULIE BYKOWICZ The AP is one of the largest and most trusted sources of independent newsgathering. AP is neither privately owned nor government-funded; instead, as a not-for-profit news cooperative owned by its American newspaper and broadcast members, it can maintain its single-minded focus on newsgathering and its commitment to the highest standards of objective, accurate journalism. STAY CONNECTED 11,701FansLike 3,618FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © 2017 Daily Journal unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
Menu  Share  Search Subscribe Community Sites Stripes Japan Stripes Okinawa Stripes Korea Stripes Guam Stripes Europe Printshop Rewards Promotions Winners Rules Book Club Customer Service Stripes Lite Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Mobile Apps Front Page Theaters U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa Branches Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard Veterans Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans Topics Stolen Valor History Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives Lifestyle Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications Travel Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog Sports Europe Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. Columns Opinion Blogs Letters Galleries  Share  Search Subscribe Email Print Reddit Tweet Share Google+ More Front Page Theaters Branches Veterans Topics History Lifestyle Travel Sports Columns Galleries U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa See More Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard See More Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans See More Stolen Valor See More Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives See More Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications See More Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog See More Europe Europe Sports Blog Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. See More Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters See More See More Home News U.S. Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls  Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More By JULIE BYKOWICZ | Associated Press | Published: February 2, 2017 WASHINGTON — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. related articles Trump pledges to end political limits on churches Yemenis close NYC shops in protest of Trump travel ban article continues below   Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More 0 comments Join the conversation and share your voice!   from around the web more top news Pentagon, White House defend planning in SEAL team raid in Yemen Obama's White House worked on a plan to seize Raqqa. Trump's team deemed it hopelessly inadequate. Democrats request Pentagon probe of Flynn dinner with Putin White House: Trump comments on Mexico 'lighthearted' Reports: Teen arrested in Vienna had made plans to plant bomb at Ramstein Air Base Royal Navy: Unified Trident exercise not a show of force to Iran news videos editors' picks VA watchdog: multibillion-dollar program 'cumbersome' for veterans Airman in viral family Christmas photo returns home Air Force general stripped of 2 stars due to sex misconduct trending read commented Reports: Teen arrested in Vienna had made plans to plant bomb at Ramstein Air Base Pentagon outlines civilian jobs exempt from Trump hiring freeze Germans irked by demands for financial support for US bases Trump honors fallen Navy SEAL during unannounced trip Trump is asked to pardon Army officer convicted of Afghan murders stripes rewards Stars and Stripes NFL Challenge Stripes Book Club follow us on: recent tweets Tweets by @starsandstripes Rewards Customer Service Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Mobile Apps SUBSCRIBE: Digital Print © 2017 Stars and Stripes. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer Comment Policy Web Notices and Privacy Policy Accessibility ⁄ Section 508 Site Map Top
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us State Elections 2017 National World Finance Cricket Lifestyle Good News Sports Videos Autos Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Julie Bykowicz, Associated Press Associated Press3 February 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) More WASHINGTON (AP) -- Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Reblog Share Tweet Pin it Share What to read next Kuwait follows Trump's cue, imposes visa ban on citizens from five Muslim-majority countries, including Pakistan International Business Times 7 Outrageous Cards For Those With Excellent Credit NextAdvisorSponsored Pakistan may be added to the list of countries whose citizens are barred from entering the US Catch News Watch: Local woman beaten mercilessly by village Sarpanch Ani India vs England 2016/17: Suresh Raina's six injures 6-year old boy during the T20 match in Bangalore Sportskeeda A Jaw-Dropping 21-Month 0% APR Card Is Here NextAdvisorSponsored You may have to pay more for rail journeys. Here's why India Today Karnataka shocker: Teenager bleeds to death after accident while onlookers take videos India Today Kanpur building collapse: 2 more bodies recovered, death toll reaches 8 Ani The Travel Rewards From These 2 Cards Are Insane CreditCards.comSponsored Married Manveer Fooled Female Voters: Nitibha, Manu & Co React Spotboye "Miracle" Premature Baby Welcomed Home From Hospital With An Actual Parade Redbook Who Said What: World reacts as India win series 2-1 Sportskeeda A $500 Credit Card Intro Bonus Has Been Announced NextAdvisorSponsored Chennai oil spill: Removal of oil sludge continues for 6th consecutive day Ani How to tell if someone is having a stroke and help save their life Country Living Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
Friday, February 3, 2017 Subscriber Services Homes Autos Jobs Classified Home The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Uber chief quits Trump council amid boycott calls     FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File)   By Julie Bykowicz The Associated Press Feb. 3, 2017   Today’s Business stories Summit Bank of Eugene reports increased annual profit, upcoming stock sale Super Bowl advertisers go big to vie for attention Amazon increasingly wants to be its own delivery service Uber chief quits Trump council amid boycott calls Mexico exports no longer just avocados, tequila More Business »   WASHINGTON — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he’d spoken with Trump on Thursday to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won’t attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Walmart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is “designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner,” according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment,” said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign “Grab Your Wallet.” Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. “He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity,” said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he’d attend. He said he and others on the council “will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy.” More Business articles »     RG Daily Digest Get our top headlines delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Business stories Banking Summit Bank of Eugene reports increased annual profit, upcoming stock sale Business Super Bowl advertisers go big to vie for attention Business Amazon increasingly wants to be its own delivery service Business Snap, maker of the teen social app Snapchat, files for IPO Business Uber chief quits Trump council amid boycott calls Business Mexico exports no longer just avocados, tequila Business Business Highlights     Opinion Editorial Bumpy road ahead $1.3 billion a year for transportation is out of reach A new report showing that Ore­gon needs to spend an additional $1.3 billion a year on roads, bridges and other parts of the transportation system, plus $3.7 billion to erase a backlog of projects, has … Dealing with Trump Republican leaders facing dicey situation Founders wouldn’t condone our mob mentality More Opinion » Entertainment Music Lord of jazz: For Skerik’s Bandalabra, it’s all about creating that rhythm The band is set to perform Sunday at Whirled Pies Downtown Skerik, a man often referred to as Seattle’s “Dark Lord of the Saxophone,” is a tough guy to get on the phone. He’s often flitting overseas with one of the 20 (yes, 20) bands he … Celebrating Americana year-round: Three musicians are getting an early start on the Sisters Folk Festival Video game review: ‘Resident Evil 7’ will scare you senseless Review: ‘The Space Between Us’ is truly awful and lovely More Entertainment » Home & Garden Remodeling Cascading  river getaway What’s outside your front window? Like most people, Neil Chinn observes the usual street traffic at his home in south Eugene. But when at his getaway cabin near Blue River, where the majestic McKenzie River … Withstanding the ice storms Daily living pamper pod Call a spade a flower More Home & Garden »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Purchase a Subscription × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 43° Scattered Clouds Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Partly to mostly cloudy. High near 55F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Overcast with rain showers at times. Low 38F. Winds NW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 12:55 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Walmart, water, wine, new job and more discussed at economic development meeting BY JILL BARNES NELSON jbnelson@tehachapinews.com jbnelson Feb 2, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago The City of Tehachapi is losing a valued employee, but Stallion Springs is gaining one. City Manager Greg Garrett announced that Public Works Director Jon Curry is leaving to take a job as the new general manager of the Stallion Springs Community Services District. Garrett made the announcement at the Greater Tehachapi Economic Development Council meeting on Feb. 1. “Jon has worked with us for about 10 years,” Garrett said. “In that time, he's learned a lot about the different workings of roads, water and more. He will be a great addition to Stallion Springs, but he will be missed.” Garrett also reported that Walmart should be pulling permits in the coming weeks to build a store in Tehachapi. He said the projected completion is the end of 2018. Also, Stray Leaf has closed escrow on the old bank building on Green Street to open a new wine tasting room. Other news from the GTEDC meeting included: General Manager Tom Neisler of the Tehachapi-Cummings County Water District said the area saw seven inches of rain in January, and it should receive a water allotment of 60 percent from the state water board. Also, the snow pack to the north is at 200 percent above average and there's 20-feet-plus of snow in Mammoth. “All this precipitation was not predicted, but has been above historic levels," Neisler said. "We've been blessed. It's an interesting time to be a water manager.” Michelle Vance, economic development coordinator for the city, reported that registration is now open for Gran Fondo, and that on the Grand Fondo website, the Tehachapi race was listed among the top 15 events. Ryan Rush, field representative for Supervisor Zack Scrivner's office, said the RENWEBIZ grants have been awarded and the Old Town area of Tehachapi received 12 for a total of $112,000. These grants are for unincorporated areas of Kern County and can be used to upgrade businesses. The money comes from a percentage of property tax collected from wind projects. Ida Perkins, president of the Greater Tehachapi Chamber of Commerce, reported several new businesses are opening. She said there would be five ribbon-cuttings in the next few weeks. Pat Doody of the Tourism Commission said the group is looking to update its website so it can make changes as needed to reflect upcoming events. She also said some 1,200 people stopped at the new Visitors Center since its opening last July. jbnelson Follow jbnelson Close Get email notifications on jbnelson daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever jbnelson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow jbnelson Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Edwards Air Force Base pilot dies in San Antonio crash Tehachapi Police searching for missing woman; seek public's help with information Shell station sells $5 million winning scratcher Teacher slammed for homophobic slur on social media Natural Sightings: Dark horses in a white landscape PHOTO GALLERY: Wine, delicious food pair up at Rotary fundraiser Letter to the editor: Budget cuts to fire stations would be catastrophic Two pedestrians struck by car on Highway 14 Randall Eugene Clagg, 1934-2017 Volunteers grant wish for local couple Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
toggle navigation Love Sex family heartbreak self buzz videos Experts login register Spotlight: Parenting Love Your Body 2 shares Sign in find an expert Featured Expert Support Experts Advice Thought Leaders Become an Expert Experts FAQ love quotes Love Stages Single Taken Engaged Married Starting Over Complicated About About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback Join Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs More Categories Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle Follow Us sign up for newsletter Follow Us Sign in search articles find an expert videos Categories Love Sex family heartbreak self buzz videos Experts Featured Expert Support Experts Advice Thought Leaders Become an Expert Experts FAQ love quotes Love Stages Single Taken Engaged Married Starting Over Complicated About About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback Join Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs More Categories Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle sign up for newsletter 7 Hot And Heavy Cuckolding Stories That Will Put You In The Mood 2 shares + Photo: WeHeartIt Madelyn RennieContributor Sex February 2, 2017 like us on facebook If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you! Admit it, you're intrigued. Everyone has their own wants and desires in the bedroom. Sometimes your needs are pure and innocent — just the gentle touch of a loving man. But other times, your inner wild child comes out and you just want to be punished — or do the punishing.  Here's the thing about cuckolding, there's no real physical pain or abuse going on. It's nothing like BDSM, 50 Shades of Grey, or anything like that. You're just taking part in intercourse with someone other than your husband ... while he watches. Giphy Cuckolding has actually become a really common fetish amongst married couples and single people alike. No surprise it's popular for married people as they can often get bored in their marriages and want to spice things up a bit. But I guess single people take pleasure in getting with someone's wife, too.  I say, to each their own. Fetishes are normal and everyone has their own unique tastes. If you want to be spanked repeatedly while having intercourse or watch your wife get groped by another man, who are we to judge? You're not alone in these cravings, there are others out there who appreciate what turns you on, too.  Take a look at these 7 excerpts from erotic cuckolding sex stories we collected just for you! Cuckolding ... With Her Boss Photo: WeHeartIt “I will tell you what to wear each day and if you need to buy clothes I will give you the money.” Generous. “I may ask you to take some clothes off during the day, such as now for example, I might suggest you go to the ladies room and take your bra off. And by the way, Chris, your wife is soaking wet between her legs.” His upward groping had reached their purpose and I had noticed Karen move her legs apart to provide him with access. He continued rubbing her. “Always wear stockings. Now go and take your bra off and meet us over there by the lift, we are going to my room and Chris can watch while I fuck you.” Karen leaned towards Jack and kissed him on his lips, her red lipstick leaving its mark. Not long after, Karen walked towards us from the ladies. Her leather jacket was gaping open to disclose her pert boobs to anyone looking. I was. Jack was. Another couple were who had joined us just as the lift arrived. Jack put his arm around Karen’s waist and pulled her jacket more open leaving her utterly and hopelessly exposed. The couple with us in the lift certainly noticed Karen’s naked boobs through the sheer silkiness of her blouse and her stiff nipples couldn’t be hidden. Out of the lift Jack removed Karen’s jacket and passed it to me and we attracted stares from maids and guests as we progressed down corridors. “But I felt so alive and so sexual,” Karen said later. “I loved being so vulnerable; I so wanted it badly.” READ THE FULL EROTIC STORY HERE: My Boss, Jack (Not To Mention My Wife) Older Couple Has Sexy Fun In The City Photo: WeHeartIt Margaret leaned into Gary and said something to him and then got up off the chair and headed down the bar past me and towards the bathroom still without making any suggestion that we knew each other. She returned a few minutes later and as she passed behind me I felt her reach over and slide her hand into the outside pocket of my jacket. She quickly removed her hand and walked back down the row of chairs to sit beside Gary again. As soon as she sat down Gary reached over to caress her leg again and was getting bolder by the minute. As I watched the two of them work themselves into a controlled lather, I reached into my jacket to see why Margaret had put her hand in there. I had trouble keeping my jaw from falling open when I discovered her soaking wet thong bunched up in my pocket. Obviously Margaret had gone to the bathroom to remove it so she could give it to me and let me know that Gary now had open access to her dripping snatch. READ THE FULL EROTIC STORY HERE: Older Couple Has Sexy Fun In The City My Wife And The Car Salesman Photo: WeHeartIt She is a receptionist in a doctor’s office, and they close down the office every day between 11:30 and 1:00. About once a week, he would pick her up in a small RUV when she got off for lunch and they would drive to a Wal Mart close to her office. He would park the van in a remote corner of the lot and they would close all the curtains in the van. They would then get completely naked and he would fuck my wife for about an hour in broad daylight, until she had to return to work. A few months before this, we had started a relationship in which she was free to have sex with anyone she wanted, and we were to be honest about it. She didn’t mind telling me about her adventures, even took a lot of joy in it. So we were both excited about her new “toy.” She said he had a very nice package, and his cock was so big that she liked to suck it before they had sex, to get it lubed up with her saliva so it was easier to get it in her pussy, even though her pussy gets pretty wet on its own. After she had been fucking him for a few weeks, she told him about our relationship, and that I knew she was doing him and I didn’t mind. So, on a few of their “excursions” she would ring me up on her cell and lay the phone in the floor of the van while they fucked. Needless to say, this was very hot for me, sitting at work and listening to all the stuff they were saying, and her moans and whimpering. One of these times, I actually came in my pants when I could tell she was having an orgasm. I had to hurry to the men’s room and wipe the cum out of my shorts quickly before it leaked through to my pants. Another time, he picked up the phone and told me, “You must be crazy, mister, but I’ll tell you, your wife has got some great pussy, and she can fuck like a Trojan.” I thanked him and told him I was glad he enjoyed her. I told him to work her over real good, and he said that it was she who was working him over. READ THE FULL EROTIC STORY HERE: My Wife And The Car Salesman  My Cuckoldress Wife Fantasy Photo: WeHeartIt Then it rang, I answered it as fast as I could. “I hope you can hear me?” she said. I replied “yes.” Then I seen her next to the sliding door. She was standing naked in just her shoes and holding her phone in her hand by her side. A man walked towards her and I seen her kneel down in front of him and I could see her whole back and her head bobbing back and forth, then up and down on his cock. I heard the noises of her gagging and slurping on his cock through the phone. Then a text came in, it was a photo of her from the side of what I was watching. As I looked back up, I seen another man walk up to her. She had one hand on one guy’s cock and began sucking the other guy’s cock. She stood up and they all walked off into the room. I could no longer see them, but I could hear as the men were telling her to suck harder and faster. The man’s voice said “get on the bed, SLUT!” her reply was, “fill me with black cocks so my husband can hear me scream.” It wasn’t long and she was screaming. She was yelling out “fuck me” over and over. I glanced at the family downstairs, seeing them all getting their coats on and then coming out and leaving in a minivan. I rolled my car window down and I could hear her screaming outside. I now knew why they were leaving; they weren’t being discreet at all. Then the male voice told her to “get up and go out on the balcony.” I watched her walk out naked onto the balcony so the world could see. He bent her over the railing and was fucking her from behind, she stared right at me as she moaned loudly into the wide open parking lot. Her tits were swinging back and forth over the outside of the balcony in the rhythm that her pussy was being pounded. The other guy made his way out and sat down in a chair and watched. His cock was hard and available for anyone to see also. Then she was directed towards the sitting guy. She began sucking the man sitting down while being fucked from behind. I watched him stop for a second and then thrust into her hard. She began stroking and sucking the other guy until I seen her gag and some cum drip out from her mouth. The guy pulled out of her pussy and slapped her ass as the cum dripped from between her legs and off of his cock. He yelled out “Thanks Bitch.” The other guy pointed towards the ground and she immediately got down on all fours and licked the balcony floor. I’m assuming to clean up what she didn’t swallow. READ THE FULL EROTIC STORY HERE: My Cuckoldress Wife Fantasy Young Visitor Photo: WeHeartIt She starts riding him, pushing deeper onto him, feeling it filling her pussy, making her even wetter. Peter grabs her hips, thrusting in deeply, pumping his young hard cock into her, fucking her hard, deep and fast. Susan reaches down and touches her clit as she feels her own orgasm building, rubbing it hard as he fucks her hard. He pulls her nightie off and grabs her soft tits, squeezing them as Susan rides him harder. She lets herself go, feeling her juices squirting out over his cock, wetting his bed just as he spurts his cum deep into her. Susan creeps back to our room, sliding slowly into our bed, trying not to wake me, not even having put her nightie back on. She rolls over, putting her back to me and snuggles against me. I have been laying there thinking about what she has been doing, my cock very hard and I slip straight into her as she presses against me. I grab her hips and pump my hard cock into her, fucking her hard and deep, sliding into her cum filled hole. “Mmmmm, your cunt is soo wet, honey! You feel so good!” I whisper into her ear as I fuck her deep. “I’m not going to last long, you feel so hot and wet!” “That’s ok Adrian, I don’t mind. You just enjoy it; I know I have!” READ THE FULL EROTIC STORY HERE: Young Visitor Wife Excited About Date With Two Guys Photo: WeHeartIt We all turned to watch the show as we sat on the dark patio in the cool evening air with crickets chirping peacefully all around us, watching a veritable sex show in my warmly lit living room. We were gazing through the sliding glass door, invisible to the occupants within. Sure enough, the other fellow, Jeffrey, was pushing his fingers in and out of my wife’s pussy and we could tell it was exciting her because we saw her increase her pace as she jerked on Roger’s prick. “Isn’t this making you jealous, Sam?” asked Ed. “I don’t know, Ed,” I admitted as my cock grew stiff at the sight of my wife making out with one guy, jerking him off while getting fingered by another. “I mean yes, and no. On the one hand, we’ve been together too long for me to even consider breaking it off. And I’m sure Anne would never leave me for some arrogant young prick she just met. But on the other hand, it feels weird watching her do these intimate things with other men. She had reserved her intimacy for me alone all these years and it feels crazy to watch her getting naked and having her genitals violated. But somehow, you know the earth doesn’t explode or anything. She’s breaking the rules and really it doesn’t matter.” READ THE FULL EROTIC STORY HERE: Wife Excited About Date With Two Guys Wife Spanked In Front Of Husband Photo: WeHeartIt “Yeah, uh, sorry about this Bob,” said Jim with chagrin. “But she was really questioning my manhood there.” He kept rubbing the soft, tender skin of Susie’s inner thighs as he talked. Then he moved his hand up and stroked her outer labia for a moment. He could feel moisture there, so he thrust an exploratory tip of his finger between her vaginal lips. Susie’s vagina was slick and wet inside and Jim’s probing elicited a moan of pleasure from her. Bob gripped his throbbing, stiff erection unconsciously as he watched. “Hey! Am I supposed to just sit here watching while you prove to my wife what a real man you are?” he asked helplessly. “I don’t know what you should do,” admitted Jim as he started working a finger in and out of Susie’s hot, tight, vagina. Meanwhile, Susie reached up and gripped the bulge in Jim’s pants. “My god, you are hard as a rock,” she moaned breathily. READ THE FULL EROTIC STORY HERE: Wife Spanked In Front Of Husband   like us on facebook If you 'like' us, we'll LOVE you! Author Madelyn RennieContributor 2 shares + More content from YourTango: 4 Reasons Broke Guys Are Waaaay Better In Bed Says Science 10 Tips For Giving Super-Hot (And Super-Safe!) Road Head If Your Sex Life Is Bad Stop Overthinking It And Just Go F*ck Most popular Photo: iStock The 1-Night Challenge That Totally Revolutionized My Relationship Photo: iStock  How To Give Your Man EXACTLY What He Wants For Valentine’s Day Photo: weheartit The Truth About How Men Choose The Woman They're Going To Marry Photo: istock If You’re Sick And Nobody Knows Why, Here’s What You Need To Know Photo: weheartit The Kind Of Woman He Falls For HARD, According To His Zodiac Sign Photo: weheartit 3 Mind Games ALL Narcissistic Men Play In Relationships Photo: weheartit The 2 Magic Words That Make Men Commit INSTANTLY Photo: weheartit Do NOT Say 'I Love You' Until You Can Honestly Answer These 5 Q's Photo: Kierra Mellenthin  These Women Posed In Their Underwear To Change How YOU View Beauty Expert advice Photo: weheartit 3 Mind Games ALL Narcissistic Men Play In Relationships Watch out for these signs. Maggie ConnorExpert Photo: weheartit 8 Deep Mistakes You Make With Him That KILL His Attraction To You If you keep finding yourself in heartbreaking, dead end relationships, listen up. Elizabeth StoneExpert Photo: weheartit Whatever Follows Your "I AM" Is What You Attract Into Your Life It's all about the law of attraction. RJ BanksExpert Photo: weheartit 12 Top-Secret Tips From The Happiest Couples In THE WORLD Several key behaviors stand out in order to help couples create a healthy relationship. Kristin DavinExpert Photo: weheartit 5 Signs You're In A TOXIC Relationship (And How To Get Out) It seems like you can't do anything right. Kristin DavinExpert Must-See Videos video Photo: Pixabay 4 Reasons Why So Many People Feel Such DEEP Shame About Divorce What’s the big deal? Laura BonarrigoExpert Tom BurnsEditor video Photo: Pexels You NEED To Ask Yourself This Question After The Death of a Spouse Things unsaid can hold you back. Liza Caldwell & Kimberly MishkinExpert Tom BurnsEditor video Photo: WeHeartIt 7 Things You Can Do To Make Your Breakup Totally Drama-Free Save the drama for your mamas. T-Ann PierceExpert Tom BurnsEditor video Photo: Unsplash 6 Ways Monogamy Can Make Your Sex Life SO Much Better No, really! Lewis Brown GriggsContributor Tom BurnsEditor video Photo: Unsplash When You’re Really In Love, Your Brain Does THIS (Who Knew?) Better loving through brain chemistry. The Anatomy Of LoveExpert Tom BurnsEditor See More Videos Explore YourTango Love Heartbreak Sex Family Self Buzz POPULAR BLOGS Celebrity Love Love Buzz Tomfoolery Open Up Inside YourTango Love Mom Traditional Love Experts Blog JOIN Join Our Community Write for Us Jobs Links Dating Men Couplehood Challenges Breakups Celebs Lifestyle ABOUT About Us Contact Friends & Partners Media Buzz FAQ Advertising HTML Sitemap Privacy Policy Feedback EXPERTS Become A Member Find An Expert Ask An Expert Experts Directory Disclaimer © 2017 by Tango Media Corporation All Rights Reserved. × Want a good laugh, cry or hug? We deliver all 3 every day! Sign up for the YourTango newsletter Female Male Go!    
     Search Site Classifieds Articles - Archives   9911 Seminole Blvd. Seminole, FL 33772       Ph. 727-397-5563   View TBN's FREE e-Edition today!   TBN e-Edition Log in or Sign up Classifieds Classifieds Front Classifieds Search Place a Classified Just for Fun Crossword Puzzle Sudoku Puzzle Horoscope Local News Front Page Pinellas County Crime, Crashes & Fires TBN Publications Beach Beacon Belleair Bee Clearwater Beacon Dunedin Beacon Largo Leader Palm Harbor Beacon Pinellas Park Beacon Tarpon Springs Beacon Seminole Beacon More Local Content Health News Outdoors & Recreation Pet News Reader's Forum School News Viewpoints Volunteer News Entertainment Art & Museums Movie News & Reviews Music & Concerts Out & About Stage & Theater Online Calendars Community Calendar Entertainment Calendar Live Music Calendar Archives Browse Archives Search Archives Online Only Community Links Discovering Pinellas Food & Recipes Grocery Coupons Reader's Recipes Reader's Choice Hurricane Guide Weather Forecast Services Directory Automotive Guide Online Dining Guide Medical Directory Real Estate Guide RSS Feeds General Info About TBN Contact TBN Online Forms Deadlines Media Kit Rate card CVC Audit Report Testimonials Seminole Beacon     > Front Page > Seminole Beacon > Article View Mayor: Seminole is booming By TIFFANY RAZZANO, Tampa Bay Newspapers Article published on Tuesday, Jan. 31, 2017   Print E-Mail     SEMINOLE  Mayor Leslie Waters provided a State of the City address at the Seminole City Councils Jan. 24 meeting. It wasnt a traditional State of the City address, she told the council before the presentation. Instead, she created a Powerpoint presentation displaying photographs of commercial, residential and municipal developments throughout the city. Literally showing you, not just telling you, how Seminole has been booming since 2014, Waters said. The biggest project in the city is the redevelopment of Seminole Mall into Seminole City Center, an outdoor retail hub. In the past year, numerous businesses have opened up in the development, from the new Bealls to Earth Fare. The new Studio Movie Grill, an upscale movie theater, is currently under construction, and theres something new happening at the center every day. Another major redevelopment over the past two years has been the Bay Pines development which includes a Walmart  one of the largest in the state, Waters said  a Village Inn, a small strip of retail stores and two residential projects, one a gated community of townhomes, the other luxury apartments. There are other retail developments the city has enjoyed over the past three years. Waters added. This includes the opening of two Starbucks  bringing the total to three in the city  as well as the All Care Medical Facility, Wawa gas station and Culvers on Park Boulevard. The Twin Oaks Plaza on the corner of Seminole Avenue and Park Boulevard has been redeveloped. Its currently home to Lifestyle Family Fitness and DaVita, a kidney care company. The former Roadhouse Grill location in the plaza is being redeveloped into a Sea Hags Bar and Grill. As far as municipal projects, the city built a new community center at Seminole City Park, which also includes space for a Seminole Historical Society Museum, and is nearing completion of Fire Station 32. A ribbon cutting will be held in early March, Waters said. We are booming, she said. We have home developments going up and shops and restaurants and were very pleased with that. She added that Seminole is more than bricks and mortar. At its heart is a hard-working and passionate of generous hearts and souls that contribute to our city in different ways. She listed numerous civic organizations, as well as the Seminole Chamber of Commerce, churches, Interfaith Food Pantry and other groups. In action items at the meeting, the council unanimously approved the establishment of a temporary moratorium on the sale of medical marijuana and on zoning approval for the location of medical cannabis dispensing companies within the city. The moratorium will expire July 3 of this year unless extended by the council. The council also gave initial approval to the redevelopment of property at 8680 Park Blvd. The building, which was built in 1977, previously housed a number of businesses, including a spa and series of nightclubs. Most recently, it was used as the former Manhattan Hairstyling Academy. Developers plan to redevelop the site as a NASCAR car wash. A second public hearing will be held at a future council meeting. Councilor Roger Edelman expressed concerns about how the project will affect traffic in the area but said he hopes those issues have been addressed by the developers. The council also provided initial approval to the development of a vacant lot at 9075 82nd Ave. The residential development will be comprised of 24 single-family homes on 4.88 acres on the north side of 82nd Avenue and west of Starkey Road. The council also authorized City Manager Ann Toney-Deal to enter into an agreement with the Florida Department of Environmental Protection for a Florida Recreational Development Assistance Program grant. The $100,000, which will be matched by a grant from the city, will be used for the Phase I development of Waterfront Park, which is located on Park Boulevard next to Home Depot. Article published on Tuesday, Jan. 31, 2017 Copyright © Tampa Bay Newspapers: All rights reserved. Printable Version E-mail article   Tuesday, Jan. 31 •  WWII veteran visits Pearl Harbor Tuesday, Jan. 24 •  Toastmasters group offers communication boot camp •  Empowering new democracies - Mayor Waters shares her expertise around the globe Tuesday, Jan. 17 •  Fate of an icon - Council discusses purchase of the Seminole water tower •  Seminole Kiwanis revamps arts festival Tuesday, Jan. 10 •  Search for the next Mr. or Ms. Seminole underway •  Breakfast Station to host grand opening weekend Tuesday, Jan. 3 •  Seminole Council updated on development projects Featured Print Advertisers Florida Center for Back & Neck Pain Dr. Greg Hollstrom 11444 Seminole Blvd. Largo (727) 393-6100 Web site        View Ad Tarpon Springs Recreation Division 2017 Sunset Beach Concert Series Web site        View Ad Oakhurst & East Bay Medical 13020 Park Blvd., Seminole (727) 393-3404 3800 East Bay Dr., Largo (727) 539-0505 Web site        View Ad Flooring America 9012 Seminole Blvd., Seminole (727) 397-5509 100 Patricia Ave., Dunedin (727) 733-1356 Web site        View Ad Abbey Carpet & Floor of Largo 13120 66th St. N. Largo (727) 524-1445 Web site        View Ad Custom Couture of Tarpon Springs 208 East Tarpon Ave. Tarpon Springs (727) 238-7194 Web site        View Ad Tampa Bay Newspapers Online Advertising For information, e-mail webmaster@tbnweekly.com Online Services Directory   MEDICAL DIRECTORY ONLINE DINING GUIDE AUTOMOTIVE GUIDE REAL ESTATE GUIDE Tampa Bay Newspapers 9911 Seminole Blvd., Seminole, FL 33772 Phone: (727) 397-5563 Fax: (727) 397-5900 Submit News © 2003 - 2017 Tampa Bay Newspapers: All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Questions, Comments, Suggestions, email webmaster@tbnweekly.com
Trending: BEYONCE SUPREME COURT TRAVEL BAN STEPHEN BANNON DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: BEYONCE SUPREME COURT TRAVEL BAN STEPHEN BANNON DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email President Trump, business adviser Stephen Schwarzman to meet with 15 CEOs to discuss creating jobs President Trump to meet with 15 CEOs to discuss creating jobs BY Dan Rivoli Ginger Adams Otis NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, February 2, 2017, 10:48 PM facebook Tweet email BY Dan Rivoli Ginger Adams Otis NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, February 2, 2017, 10:48 PM Jobs czar Stephen Schwarzman and Donald Trump will sit down Friday with 15 of the nation’s biggest CEOs — the first official gathering of the President’s advisory council on job creation. Among the high-profile business gurus who will join Schwarzman and Trump at the White House are JPMorgan Chase head Jamie Dimon, Mary Barra, who runs General Motors, Elon Musk of Space X and Tesla, Bob Iger of Walt Disney Co., Doug McMillon of Walmart, Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo, Ginni Rometty of IBM and Larry Fink of BlackRock. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick was supposed to be the 16th member of the advisory team. But he dropped out of the meeting ahead of an #UberRidesWithHate protest organized by a taxi drivers group. Steve Schwarzman, a member of Trump's business advisory panel, will join the President at a meeting with 15 CEOs to discuss job creation Friday. (Todd Korol/AP) Protesters were upset by Kalanick’s ties to Trump. And they criticized Uber for undermining a cabbie work stoppage at Kennedy Airport over the President’s temporary ban on immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries. N.Y. plant workers hope Trump honors promise to create jobs Schwarzman, co-founder, chairman and CEO of massive hedge fund group Blackstone, is chairing the conference. JPMorgan Chase honcho Jamie Dimon will be among the bigwigs at Friday's meeting in the White House. (MOLLY RILEY/AFP/Getty Images) The event Friday is closed to the press, the White House said. Trump and Schwarzman called the meeting to begin discussions on how to stimulate the economy and create more jobs, the White House said. Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 16° Munster, IN (46321) Today Partly cloudy skies. High 27F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low near 15F. Winds light and variable. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 1:55 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close Mahesh Kumar A. FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) AP Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press Feb 2, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago Mahesh Kumar A. FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Tags Wire Politics Business Government And Politics Boycotts Political And Civil Unrest General News Executive Changes Corporate Management Personnel Corporate News Latest in section South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed City Council wants state review after boil-water advisory More on this topic South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed City Council wants state review after boil-water advisory Most Popular on nwi.com MonoSol to hire 60 for jobs that pay up to $27.93 an hour Travel ban bars Valpo woman's sister Police: Merrillville man fought with officers before squad crashed Police: 14-year-old Lake Station teen missing Man shot to death at his Gary home Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +8 Pets Meet some of the key players in the 2017 Puppy Bowl Food and Cooking Breakfast cereals with more sugar than a scoop of ice cream Lifestyles Here's what the inside of a running engine looks like Atlanta celebrities 'rise up' for Super Bowl-bound Falcons Warriors beat Clippers 133-120 for 9th straight win over LA Brooks helps No. 13 Oregon hold off Arizona State 71-70 Pick a card, any card: Magician lightens mood for Patriots Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Berey Bros 7121 Indianapolis Blvd, Hammond, IN 46324 TLC Plumbing, INC Serving Lake and Porter County and Northeast IL , Griffith, IN 46319 Ads Dream Big Gymnastics 6575 Daniel Burnham Drive Suite E, Portage, IN 46368 Ads Albert's Jewelers Westfield 2298 Southlake Mall, Merrillville, In 46410 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Banter Floors & More Stop in and see our collection of cabinets! Banter Floors & More 219-374-7360 Updated 14 hrs ago 45th Street Tattoo Welcome to 45th Street Tattoo, where real professional tattooing is at its finest. You provide the canvas & we will create the story! Walk ins are welcomed or call (219)922-0957 for an appointment. Updated 15 hrs ago Re'new Home Center FREE Shower Doors with Complete Bathroom Remodels at Re'New Home Center! Click here for details. Updated 14 hrs ago S.T.A. Roof Techs S.T.A. Construction is now S.T.A. Roof Techs ~ Specializing in Residential, Commercial, & Industrial Roofing Services from A-Z in Northwest Indiana and Chicagoland Updated 14 hrs ago E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN LATEST NEWS: Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved $60,000 universal change room approved for Crystal Pool Victoria wants authority to impose taxes on vacant, derelict properties Horgan promises new targets to cut greenhouse gas emissions Heron Cove bridge for harbour pathway gets OK Lindsay Buziak murder: father holds annual walk to ensure she’s not forgotten Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Julie Bykowicz / The Associated Press February 2, 2017 07:54 PM FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to ‚Äúlet him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.‚Äù (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) Previous Next FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to ‚Äúlet him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.‚Äù (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) WASHINGTON - Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved › next Pumped for Dublin! Click for contest rules Capital Home Winter 2016 The Luxury Edition Your Museum at 130 Royal B.C. Museum celebrates a birthday On the Front Lines of Fentanyl Inside the drug-overdose crisis Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Officer might be charged in connection with crash that killed Sarah Beckett Fire guts Oak Bay house; man escapes, dog saved Fake-name man who worked as Victoria nurse pleads guilty in child-porn case Lindsay Buziak murder: father holds annual walk to ensure she’s not forgotten One person dead after workplace accident in Parksville Victoria police surround house in hunt for domestic-violence suspect NewLeaf erases its flights from YYJ summer schedule Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France Victoria man killed in attack in Norway NewLeaf erases its flights from YYJ summer schedule For-sale inventory at record low, region’s home prices rise 21% Demand for bigger taxi vehicles launches city’s new cab company Downtown developer plans 21-storey towers After 56 years, last call at Tally Ho Film industry in Greater Victoria on hunt for workers Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football Vancouver online shoe-seller declares bankruptcy Six stories in the news today, Dec. 8 Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France Victoria Royals are not alone in attendance woes Young Argentina up first for Canada at Americas Rugby Championship UK envoy who quit top EU post resigns from civil service Six stories in the news today, Dec. 8 Canada advances to Sydney Sevens quarters with wins over Papua New Guinea, France Duvernay-Tardif follows in Darche's footsteps as future doctor playing football Goodale assails O'Leary for posting gun range video on day of mosque funeral No Bull: Belmont lineman ready for NCAA career at Fresno State Islanders enter Canadian Baseball Hall of Fame Read ends drought, lifts Flyers to 3-1 win over Canadiens Your timescolonist.com More News Iconic Motoring Click here for the first issue Spiritually Speaking  Standing together on our shared journey strengthens community Making a positive difference by acting together The power of rituals to mark important moments in our lives Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls World by Julie Bykowicz, The Associated Press Posted Feb 2, 2017 8:54 pm MST Last Updated Feb 2, 2017 at 9:40 pm MST FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) WASHINGTON – Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he’d spoken with Trump on Thursday to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won’t attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO’s schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is “designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner,” according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment,” said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign “Grab Your Wallet.” Other forum members said they’d keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. “He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity,” said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he’d attend. He said he and others on the council “will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy.” __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Next Story Movie Trailers February 3, 2017 to February 9, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray   Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (14A) 3D 7:00pm 3:30pm / 9:45pm A Dog’s Purpose (PG) 3:00pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm La La Land (PG) 2:50pm / 6:00pm / 9:10pm Split (14A) 3:10pm / 6:30pm / 9:25pm XXX: Return of Xander Cage 3D 9:35pm 3:50pm / 6:45pm   Monster Trucks (PG) 3D 10:10pm     660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Mexican drug lord ‘El Chapo’ to appear in US court Just moments ago ‘Deadpool’ star Ryan Reynolds being honoured at Harvard Just moments ago Nordstrom to drop Ivanka Trump’s clothing, accessories line 18 minutes ago Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Feb 02, 2017, 11:54 PM Angelina Jolie takes on travel ban in New York Times op-ed Feb 02, 2017, 11:53 PM Alaska pot conference call interrupted by flushing toilet Feb 02, 2017, 11:51 PM New Brunswick farmer vows to appeal in massive-pile-of-manure case Feb 02, 2017, 3:13 PM Halifax shipyard says warship 'gap' could result in layoffs without federal help Feb 02, 2017, 3:01 PM British Columbia oysters may be making Ontarians ill, health official warns Feb 02, 2017, 2:50 PM Accused denies counselling her distraught husband to kill himself Feb 02, 2017, 2:39 PM Insurer must cover Nova Scotia man's medical marijuana: human rights board Feb 02, 2017, 1:24 PM Nova Scotia freezes judges' salaries, says it can't afford hefty hike Feb 02, 2017, 1:16 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Most actively traded companies on the TSX Feb 02, 2017, 2:42 PM NDP promises climate rebate cheques for families in British Columbia Feb 02, 2017, 2:21 PM NAFTA: Trump calls for quick negotiation, says he's open to different deal types Feb 02, 2017, 12:41 PM 'Estimates of convenience': Researcher says Alberta spills data too positive Feb 02, 2017, 11:37 AM Home sales plummet in previously red-hot Vancouver as market softens Feb 02, 2017, 11:26 AM Takeaways: Heavy work load could be getting to Auston Matthews Just moments ago Takeaways: Oilers run into defensively strong Predators in loss 13 minutes ago First period the decisive blow in Canucks’ loss to Sharks Just moments ago Patrick Marleau scores 500th career goal as Sharks down Canucks Just moments ago Mike Yeo wins first game as Blues hand Maple Leafs third straight loss Just moments ago Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM PUBLISHERS WEEKLY Bestsellers Feb 02, 2017, 2:59 PM Sales soar for Milo book 'Dangerous'; publisher mum on tour Feb 02, 2017, 2:11 PM Beyoncé breaks record on Instagram with baby bump picture Feb 02, 2017, 12:41 PM Lady Gaga says Super Bowl halftime show is 'for everyone' Feb 02, 2017, 12:03 PM Lauryn Hill sorry about late Pittsburgh show, plans another Feb 02, 2017, 10:51 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate MORE Search News Local News National News Business Sports Red Sox Patriots Bruins Celtics Chad Finn Eric Wilbur Culture Entertainment Events Food Lifestyle News Weather Sports Culture Travel Cars Real Estate Shortcuts Obituaries Traffic Crosswords Jobs Open Houses Horoscopes Globe Newsletters Classified Ads Trending Roger Goodell Super Bowl 51 Donald Trump Skiing Love Letters Boston Globe Radio BDC Loveletters Careers Classified Ads Site Help Contact ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Share Tweet Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Uber CEO Travis Kalanick. –John Tlumacki / The Boston Globe / File By JULIE BYKOWICZ AP, February 2, 2017 WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he’d spoken with Trump on Thursday to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Advertisement Disney CEO Bob Iger won’t attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO’s schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is “designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner,” according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. Advertisement “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment,” said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign “Grab Your Wallet.” Other forum members said they’d keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. “He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity,” said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he’d attend. He said he and others on the council “will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy.” __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. TOPICS: Business Politics Want to see what readers are saying about our stories? Check out the conversations on Boston.com's Facebook Page Tips? Corrections? Feedback? Email us at tips@boston.com Close Catch up with The Boston Globe for free. Get The Globe's free newsletter, Today's Headlines, every morning. Thanks for signing up! Boston Globe Media Privacy Policy Close Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds, right to your inbox. Connect with Facebook - or - Thanks for signing up! Continue to the article Privacy Policy Politics Edward Markey says he'll vote against Betsy DeVos February 2, 2017 | 9:20 PM Local News Record number of Maine drug deaths attributed to fentanyl February 2, 2017 | 9:12 PM Crime Ex-head of Boston IndyCar bid charged with kicking Herald photographer February 2, 2017 | 9:06 PM Politics Restaurant fires Rhode Island legislator for political talk February 2, 2017 | 8:50 PM Politics Lawmakers vote to override Charlie Baker's veto of pay raises February 2, 2017 | 8:37 PM Politics USMNT player Geoff Cameron, an Attleboro native, explains why he supports Trump's immigration order February 2, 2017 | 7:30 PM Politics Read the full transcript of Trump's National Prayer Breakfast speech February 2, 2017 | 4:47 PM Local News 2007 Clinton office hostage-taker to plead guilty to robbery February 2, 2017 | 11:46 AM Crime 7 arrested following discovery of meth lab in Plymouth home February 2, 2017 | 11:25 AM Politics GOP senators move Trump EPA pick ahead as Dems boycott vote February 2, 2017 | 11:20 AM Local News Quincy real estate mogul admits to defrauding investors February 2, 2017 | 10:42 AM Local News Trump reviews case of Navy man who shot illegal sub photos February 2, 2017 | 10:30 AM National News A $200,000 backpack keeps this toddler alive. Without Obamacare, her family couldn't afford it. February 2, 2017 | 10:25 AM Politics Campaign focusing on getting Muslims more active in politics February 2, 2017 | 9:48 AM Local News Man falsely linked to marathon bombs cleared of sex assault February 2, 2017 | 9:38 AM Politics With Trump meeting today, Richard Neal of Mass. enters tax overhaul fray February 2, 2017 | 9:27 AM Politics At Harvard Law, Gorsuch stood out on a campus full of liberals February 2, 2017 | 9:26 AM Local News Flu cases are spiking in Mass., and the worst is likely to come February 2, 2017 | 9:18 AM Politics Trump takes a hair-growth drug, his longtime doctor says February 2, 2017 | 9:15 AM National News Questions after chain of miscues in U.S. raid in Yemen February 2, 2017 | 8:50 AM National News Pennsylvania groundhog's handlers: Phil predicts more winter February 2, 2017 | 7:57 AM Politics Trump appears to threaten to pull federal funds from UC Berkeley February 2, 2017 | 7:54 AM Politics DeVos nomination on thin ice with 2 GOP senators opposed February 2, 2017 | 6:16 AM Politics 3 reasons why Massachusetts will be a hotspot in the fight over Trump's immigration order February 2, 2017 | 5:03 AM Politics US: A nation of immigrants, but ambivalent about immigration February 2, 2017 | 4:58 AM History 4 things to know about Black History Month February 2, 2017 | 3:42 AM Politics Risk to women's health benefits seen in health law repeal February 2, 2017 | 3:34 AM Politics Little heard in public, Bannon is quiet power in Oval Office February 2, 2017 | 3:31 AM Politics Is NSC shakeup 'crazy' or no big deal? February 2, 2017 | 3:26 AM Politics White House: Trump comments on Mexico 'lighthearted' February 2, 2017 | 3:17 AM Twitter Facebook ? ©2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices
× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Purchase a Subscription × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 43° Scattered Clouds Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Partly to mostly cloudy. High near 55F. Winds WNW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Overcast with rain showers at times. Low 38F. Winds NW at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 12:55 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Close 1 of 2 Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Zoila Schrader, left, and Ashley Neudauer, hospital employees and ambassadors for the new branding campaign, can't wait for the new hospital to open. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News One Adventist Health is among the new branding statements emphasizing all 20 hospitals are under one umbrella. New hospital should be ready this summer; employees excited BY JILL BARNES NELSON jbnelson@tehachapinews.com jbnelson Feb 2, 2017 Updated 4 hrs ago Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Zoila Schrader, left, and Ashley Neudauer, hospital employees and ambassadors for the new branding campaign, can't wait for the new hospital to open. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News One Adventist Health is among the new branding statements emphasizing all 20 hospitals are under one umbrella. Local residents can hardly wait for the new hospital in Tehachapi to open. They have been waiting a long time — close to two decades. The waiting could be over by early summer. “All the construction should be completed by March and we'll be handed the keys,” said Jimmy Phillips, executive director of marketing/communications for Adventist Health. “After that, we'll start stocking the building.” Phillips spoke about the new hospital facility at the unveiling of new branding for Adventist Health. The new name locally is Adventist Health Tehachapi Valley. It is also the newest partner for the company, which operates 20 hospitals in four states. David Eastman, interim president of AHTV, said building a hospital isn't like building a Walmart. “A commercial building doesn't have as many requirements as a hospital does,” he said. “But we've made good progress because of the dedication of our employees and the community.” Phillips said once construction is complete, staff at the current hospital will begin training. However, the new location can't open until all regulatory permits are approved. “Everyone is so excited,” he said. “We'll also have a grand, Grand Opening and tours before the official opening.” Ashley Neudauer and Zoila Schrader, current employees of the district and now Brand Ambassadors, both said they can't wait for the doors to open. “With all the new equipment and more resources, we can bring a better level of care to our patients,” said Neudauer, a registered nurse at the hospital. “By doing this rebranding, we're bringing everyone together. It's a good fit for the community. We're all so excited.” Schrader said the new facilities and ties with the other hospitals bring the future to Tehachapi. “This partnership and hospital is not just for today, but it's a stepping stone to the future,” said Schrader, who works in the long-term/swing bed department. “We will be giving all these people a better quality of life.” Both said there is a positive energy surrounding the Adventist Health mission statement that includes “health, wholeness and hope,” along with caring for the spiritual well-being of patients as well as their physical needs. “Being innovative and faith-based is important to a lot of people,” Schrader said. “It allows us to also use prayer to comfort our patients.” Neudauer agreed. “It's good to be able to provide spiritual care and be comfortable doing it,” she said. More information +4 Adventist Health unveils new branding, logo, mission statement Together inspired. That's just one of the goals of Adventist Health's new branding. jbnelson Follow jbnelson Close Get email notifications on jbnelson daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever jbnelson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow jbnelson Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Edwards Air Force Base pilot dies in San Antonio crash Tehachapi Police searching for missing woman; seek public's help with information Shell station sells $5 million winning scratcher Teacher slammed for homophobic slur on social media Natural Sightings: Dark horses in a white landscape PHOTO GALLERY: Wine, delicious food pair up at Rotary fundraiser Letter to the editor: Budget cuts to fire stations would be catastrophic Two pedestrians struck by car on Highway 14 Randall Eugene Clagg, 1934-2017 Volunteers grant wish for local couple Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports High School Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors NY Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu High School Home Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Ice Hockey Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Girls Gymnastics Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Field Hockey Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Subscribe to our YouTube channel Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales comments Uber CEO quits Trump's business council amid backlash, calls for boycott Trump Business Council Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, on Dec. 13, 2016, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) Print Email The Associated Press By The Associated Press The Associated Press Follow on Twitter on February 02, 2017 at 11:07 PM, updated February 02, 2017 at 11:22 PM comments WASHINGTON (AP) -- Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump -- specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration -- has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." More Politics & Elections News from the Washington Bureau Government & Politics Videos Editorials & Opinion Active Discussions Most Read About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Submit letter, commentary Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Classifieds Classifieds Careers Autos Rentals Submit An Ad Obituaries My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Digital Edition Our Partners My Local Flyers Vitamin Daily Home News Local News Lakeland Mills Disaster Legebokoff Trial Author bios Opinion Editorial Columnists Letters Send us a letter Sports Hockey Catch of the Day Entertainment Local A & E Events Submit Event Alphabet Project Kid Scoop Links Raise a Reader Horoscopes Washington Post Profiles of Excellence Photos Contests Circulation Vacation Stop Delivery Problem Carrier Application Raise a Reader Flyers X Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Julie Bykowicz / The Associated Press February 2, 2017 07:54 PM FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to ‚Äúlet him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.‚Äù (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) Previous Next FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to ‚Äúlet him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.‚Äù (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) WASHINGTON - Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. © Copyright 2017 Prince George Citizen Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Cash for caribou › next Sign Up For Our e-Newsletter! City Matters Your City Matters - City of Prince George Popular Citizen You Might Like Most Read Most Recent Indian Horse head to screen with local talent February 2, 2017 Child molesters' daughter apologizes February 2, 2017 Interior lumber supply falling, mills threatened January 31, 2017 Israeli police question Netanyahu over corruption allegation January 1, 2017 Harmony House helping mothers battle addictions February 1, 2017 Local judges taking transfers February 2, 2017 Small in stature, big in life February 2, 2017 Fourth double-homicide suspect arrested February 1, 2017 Cash for caribou February 2, 2017 Break and enter suspects arrested February 1, 2017 Order in the playgrounds! February 2, 2017 Misleading cartoon February 2, 2017 Trudeau loses on electoral reform February 2, 2017 Through the lens of history February 2, 2017 Get in step with your employees February 2, 2017 HandyDart needs more rides and shorter wait times February 2, 2017 Child molesters' daughter apologizes February 2, 2017 Gov't supporting First Nations' clean energy projects February 2, 2017 Cash for caribou February 2, 2017 Backbone of the Cougars February 2, 2017 GRAMMY'S SONG OF THE YEAR POLL It’s awards season and the Grammy’s are the next big ones coming up. Your song of the year for 2016 was: Hello - Adele Formation – Beyonce 7 Years – Lukas Graham Work – Rihanna featuring Drake Heathens – Twenty One Pilots Love Yourself – Justin Bieber Closer – The Chainsmokers or  view results Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Sign Up For Our Newsletter! Have the Prince George Citizen delivered to your inbox every day! You can unsubscribe any time, or contact us with any questions. Email:* Close Glacier Papers Alaska Highway News Pipeline News North Times Colonist Burnaby Now The Tri-Cities Now Delta-Optimist Royal City Record North Shore News Richmond News Vancouver Courier Other Sections About Us Advertising Circulation Contact Us Privacy Policy & User Agreement PG Pics Scene Sweetheart Bridal Newspapers in Education Real Estate Weekly Special Sections TV Listings Connect Back to top © Copyright 2017 Glacier Community Media Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Trending: BEYONCE SUPREME COURT TRAVEL BAN STEPHEN BANNON DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Movies TV Music Theater & Arts Crosswords Entertainment Pics Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: BEYONCE SUPREME COURT TRAVEL BAN STEPHEN BANNON DONALD TRUMP FIRST 100 DAYS New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email President Trump, business adviser Stephen Schwarzman to meet with 15 CEOs to discuss creating jobs President Trump to meet with 15 CEOs to discuss creating jobs BY Dan Rivoli Ginger Adams Otis NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, February 2, 2017, 10:48 PM facebook Tweet email BY Dan Rivoli Ginger Adams Otis NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Thursday, February 2, 2017, 10:48 PM Jobs czar Stephen Schwarzman and Donald Trump will sit down Friday with 15 of the nation’s biggest CEOs — the first official gathering of the President’s advisory council on job creation. Among the high-profile business gurus who will join Schwarzman and Trump at the White House are JPMorgan Chase head Jamie Dimon, Mary Barra, who runs General Motors, Elon Musk of Space X and Tesla, Bob Iger of Walt Disney Co., Doug McMillon of Walmart, Indra Nooyi of PepsiCo, Ginni Rometty of IBM and Larry Fink of BlackRock. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick was supposed to be the 16th member of the advisory team. But he dropped out of the meeting ahead of an #UberRidesWithHate protest organized by a taxi drivers group. Steve Schwarzman, a member of Trump's business advisory panel, will join the President at a meeting with 15 CEOs to discuss job creation Friday. (Todd Korol/AP) Protesters were upset by Kalanick’s ties to Trump. And they criticized Uber for undermining a cabbie work stoppage at Kennedy Airport over the President’s temporary ban on immigrants from seven predominantly Muslim countries. N.Y. plant workers hope Trump honors promise to create jobs Schwarzman, co-founder, chairman and CEO of massive hedge fund group Blackstone, is chairing the conference. JPMorgan Chase honcho Jamie Dimon will be among the bigwigs at Friday's meeting in the White House. (MOLLY RILEY/AFP/Getty Images) The event Friday is closed to the press, the White House said. Trump and Schwarzman called the meeting to begin discussions on how to stimulate the economy and create more jobs, the White House said. Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
We notice that your web browser is out-of-date. For the best experience on AXS.com please consider upgrading to one of the following: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Safari Opera [Upgraded] Internet Explorer If you are still having issues, please contact support at support@axs.com. Hello! We see your preferred language is English (United States), would you like to stay on English (United States) or switch to English (United States)? Dismiss We have made changes to our Privacy Policy. To read the updated Privacy Policy, please click here. Sign in Sign in Create an Account Headlines Music Arts & Family Sports College Park , MD AXS Exclusive: Rebekah Todd premiere's her debut single, 'Hustle' By: Lindsey Borders AXS Contributor Feb 2, 2017 14 hours ago 77 77 16541761 6 y2017m02d02 114041 Jesse Gagne Newcomer and blues/soul singer and songwriter, Rebekah Todd can identify with her new single, "Hustle." The single is featured on her debut album, Crooked Lines, which drops on Feb. 17. Todd was a former street musician, and solo touring artist, who would make her living by driving through the night, then sleeping in her car in WalMart parking lots, to playing on a street corner with her guitar, hoping to make enough gas money, to get her to the next city. That "hustling" defines what Todd's new single is about.  Todd explains in an exclusive statement to AXS that "Hustle was filmed in Wilmington and Raleigh, NC and includes several street performers from both cities.  These performers are very interesting characters as some of them, specifically the saxophone player that we see, Glen McRae, are staples in the downtown Wilmington busking scene. The performers have their set spots that they go to on a daily basis to entertain locals and tourists as they drift through the shops and restaurants. She goes on further to state that the she and the production crew, "were also thrilled to feature local Raleigh legend, the No Hand King, Rodney Hines who is incredibly driven and currently holds the world record for popping a wheelie with no hands for a total of six hours without letting his front tire touch the ground.  Locals to the Raleigh area know of Rodney Hines as a man who never quits and often see him riding downtown, practicing for his next world record.  Check out "Hustle's" premiere video in this article! Special Appearances in "Hustle" by: No Hands King  Glen McRae  Poppa Soul  Carson Jewell Craig Thompson Willie Davis (3 Dimensional Fitness) For the production, Todd states that "we had found a contact number for our street saxophone player, Glen McRae one morning and were very excited to meet him downtown.  To our surprise, when we got downtown, there was a multitude of people performing every few blocks and all of them were willing to be in our video especially when we describe the purpose." Follow and connect: Facebook/Twitter/Instagram By: Lindsey Borders AXS Contributor Feb 2, 2017 Added 14 hours ago Sponsor Share This: In this article Topics: Music News new music single new music album AXS Exclusive Featured Event Sponsor Share This Article AXS Exclusive: Rebekah Todd premiere's her debut single, 'Hustle' By: Lindsey Borders AXS Contributor Feb 2, 2017 14 hours ago From: Send to: Add a personal message: Send Privacy Policy Share this article AXS Exclusive: Rebekah Todd premiere's her debut single, 'Hustle' By: Lindsey Borders AXS Contributor Feb 2, 2017 14 hours ago Email Sent! Send another?Close Follow us on Browse by Cities Festivals Featured Events Arts & Family Music Sports AXS Corporate About AEG Careers at AXS Arenas Convention Centers Entertainment Districts Stadiums Theaters/Clubs Advertise Sell with AXS AXS.com Info Features Contact Us Cookies Feedback Help Refund Policy Shipping Policy Tickets by Phone RSS Language Hey! (United States) Hello! (United Kingdom) Hallå! (Sverige) AXS is Proudly Partnered with Purchase Agreement Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2011-2016 AXS. All rights reserved. Cookie Policy The AXS Cookie Policy This website, like most others, uses cookies in order to give you a great online experience. By continuing to use our website you accept to our use of cookies. Alternatively, you can find out more about cookies and how to change your cookie preferences. Continue and Accept Welcome! College Park , MD Sign in / Sign Up HEADLINES headlines Latest On AXS Music Sports Arts & Family Music Comedy AXS Buzz Rock pop concerts Justin Bieber Denver National Los Angeles new york Las Vegas Adele Dallas Just Announced MUSIC Music Categories View All Music Alternative / Punk Christian Classical Country Dance / Electronic Festivals Folk / Acoustic Hard Rock / Metal Hip Hop / Rap Indie / Emo International Jazz / Blues Latin Other Pop R&B Reggae Rock SPORTS Sports Categories View All Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Competitions Cycling Extreme Sports Festivals Football Hockey Mixed Martial Arts Motorsports Other Sports Rugby Soccer Tennis WWE / WWF ARTS & FAMILY Arts & Family Categories View All Arts & Family Circus Comedy Expo/Convention Fairs and Festivals Family Events Lectures and Seminars Museums and Exhibits Opera Other Theater More More Browse by Cities Festivals Featured Events Arts & Family Music Sports AXS Corporate About AEG Careers at AXS Arenas Convention Centers Entertainment Districts Stadiums Theaters/Clubs Advertise Sell with AXS AXS.com Info Features Contact Us Cookies Feedback Help Privacy Policy Purchase Agreement Refund Policy Shipping Policy Terms of Use Tickets by Phone RSS Language Hey! (United States) Hello! (United Kingdom) Hallå! (Sverige) AXS is Proudly Partnered with © 2011-2016 AXS. All rights reserved. Help Follow us on Welcome, please create an account. Save your billing info and buy tickets faster. View your purchase history. Sign up with AXS.com with your Facebook account Sign up with Facebook By signing up with your Facebook account, you'll get the most personalized event recommendations possible. Don't worry, it's secure and we'll never post anything without your approval or Have an account? Sign in Create an AXS.com account Enter your first name: Enter your last name: Enter your Zip/Postal code: Enter your email Address: Confirm your email Address: Enter your password: Confirm your password: By checking this box, you consent to receive personalized marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive. Next By clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions. By creating an account, you consent to receive personalised marketing communications from AXS and the Ticket Supplier for the event, in accordance with our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. You may opt out of these communications at any time via your online account or via the 'unsubscribe' instructions in any communications you receive. Yes, I'd like to receive additional offers and email communications from third parties, such as the event promoter, related to this event. Privacy Policy Welcome back, please sign in. Sign in to AXS.com with your Facebook account Sign in with Facebook By signing in with your Facebook account, you'll get the most personalized event recommendations possible. Don't worry, it's secure and we'll never post anything without your approval or Sign in with an AXS.com account. Enter your email Enter your password Forgot your password? New to AXS? Create an account Remember me for the next 30 days Sign in Privacy Policy Sign up for our weekly event guide email. Be the first to know. Get personalized event announcements, updates, and reviews every week with the AXS.com event guide email. Send Privacy Policy Thanks for signing up for the event guide! Welcome, please create an account. Have an account? Sign in Create an AXS.com account E-mail address is required to create an account. Next By clicking Next, you agree to the AXS.com Terms and Conditions. Privacy Policy Close Search Search Results Search History Clear History Yes, clear my search history. Cancel Search History Clear History Yes, clear my search history. Cancel You haven't searched for anything yet. Go on, get out there! There are no suggested results at this time. Please try again. Close Change Location Search Results Change your location Change your location by entering a City, Zip or Postal Code There are no suggested results at this time. Please try again. Close Music Categories View All Alternative / Punk Christian Classical Country Dance / Electronic Festivals Folk / Acoustic Hard Rock / Metal Hip Hop / Rap Indie / Emo International Jazz / Blues Latin Other Pop R&B Reggae Rock View All Music Headlines View More Watch Miranda Lambert perform 'Highway Vagabond' on 'The Late Show' By Natalie Kuchik Dec 15, 2016 Alex Clare announces release date for new album 'Tail Of Lions' By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 14, 2016 Bad Suns announce dates for 2017 Heartbreaker Tour By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 14, 2016 Skillet extends The Unleashed Tour into 2017 By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 14, 2016 Enter Shikari announce dates for spring 2017 North American tour By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 14, 2016 See video and pictures of Ringo Starr's speech to honor Joe Walsh at Seattle's Museum of Popular Culture By Steve Marinucci AXS Contributor Dec 13, 2016 Cold War Kids reveal Spring 2017 U.S. tour dates By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 13, 2016 She & Him release official music video for 'Christmas Memories' By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 13, 2016 Surfer Blood announce a 2017 U.S. tour By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 13, 2016 Surfer Blood release music video for 'Matter of Time', announce U.S. tour By Terrance Pryor AXS Contributor Dec 13, 2016 Whitechapel, Cattle Decapitation & Goatwhore announce 2017 tour By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 13, 2016 Watch: Mac Miller releases 'My Favorite Part' music video featuring Ariana Grande By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 13, 2016 A Perfect Circle announce first headlining concert of 2017 By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Lineup announced for Northern Invasion 2017 By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Matt Pryor & Dan Andriano announce additional dates for 2017 tour By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Brad Paisley reveals headlining tour dates for early 2017 By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 3 Doors Down announce headlining tour dates for March 2017 By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 The Verve's Richard Ashcroft announces a solo tour By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Idina Menzel to perform at the Greek Theatre April 14 By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Sleigh Bells reveal headlining tour dates for 2017 By Natalie Kuchik AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 View More Close Sports Categories View All Baseball Basketball Boxing Competitions Cycling Extreme Sports Festivals Football Hockey Mixed Martial Arts Motorsports Other Sports Rugby Soccer Tennis WWE / WWF View All Sports Headlines View More Keith Berry to compete in Bellator MMA cage for first time in over two years By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 14, 2016 Examining WWE's hottest feuds heading into 2017 By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Two-division WSOF champ David Branch fuels up on bunny meat By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Valerie Letourneau becomes first female in UFC to compete in three different divisions By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 Bellator's biggest female star goes bar-hopping in a bunny onesie By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 12, 2016 PGA star Bubba Watson talks Riviera win, Golf Boys reunion ahead of 2017 Genesis Open By Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Dec 9, 2016 8 NFL players that played for both sides of the Raiders-Chiefs rivalry By Sam McPherson AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 New York Mets: Farm system bolstered by addition of manager Luis Rojas By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 Should New York Mets explore trade for David Robertson? By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 Zack Wheeler could factor into New York Mets' bullpen equation By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 8, 2016 Who's next for UFC strawweight star 'Rowdy' Bec Rawlings? By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 7, 2016 WWE Roadblock preview: Iron Man match highlights stacked fight card By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 7, 2016 MMA Hour producer makes brilliant Conor McGregor analogy By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 7, 2016 WWE TLC 2016: Time for Alexa Bliss to taste championship gold By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 UFC Fight Night 102: JJ Aldrich to make official promotional debut By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 UFC Albany preview: Derrick Lewis gets long-awaited main event opportunity By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 New York Mets: Dexter Fowler is a free agent worth pursuing By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 New York Mets: Trading Jay Bruce should be a top priority By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 4, 2016 New York Mets: Should fans be worried about Asdrubal Cabrera playing in the World Baseball Classic? By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 3, 2016 Kedzie, Smith want more diverse representation on MMA Athletes Association Board By Eric Holden AXS Contributor Dec 2, 2016 View More Close Arts & Family Categories View All Circus Comedy Expo/Convention Fairs and Festivals Family Events Lectures and Seminars Museums and Exhibits Opera Other Theater View All Arts & Family Headlines View More Interview: Artist Jonathan Brown brings new life to Madison landmark By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor Nov 10, 2016 Björk premieres a new VR music video 'Family' By Allen Foster AXS Contributor Oct 25, 2016 Brooklyn's 440 Gallery prepares to host a 'Small Works' exhibit, live music, poetry and theater By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 19, 2016 Sculptor Michael Poast unveils new work 'Baroque Trajectory' in Ohio By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 16, 2016 Artist Bernard Rangel exhibits at the Salon of the Art Shopping in Paris at the Carrousel du Louvre By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 16, 2016 The Drawing Room presents 'Syncretized' art show By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Sep 3, 2016 Emmanuel Fremin Gallery presents artist Hung Yi's ‘Fancy Animal Carnival' By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 30, 2016 Artist Marian Osher presents 'Fearless Flying in 2016!' exhibition starting September 12, 2016 By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 27, 2016 Artist Anne Stanner announces two upcoming shows in New York By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 26, 2016 Gateway Art Center presents 'United Nations of ART' By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 19, 2016 Rachel Tribble inspires universal peace through meditative art By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor Aug 8, 2016 Artist Stephanie S. Lee presents 'Back to Circle' solo show By Meagan Meehan AXS Contributor Aug 1, 2016 Blu Smith and his illuminating abstract series By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor Jul 15, 2016 Sotheby's to exhibit, auction David Bowie's art collection By Vanessa Vallon AXS Contributor Jul 14, 2016 Music and art make a beautiful couple By Jeremy Meyer AXS Contributor Jul 11, 2016 Outdoor art events you need to see in Chicago this summer By Megan Horst Hatch AXS Contributor May 31, 2016 Artist Sue Paterson in Los Angeles for U.S. debut, 'Bursting into Life' By Jana Ritter AXS Contributor May 23, 2016 Blue Man Group announces its first ever book, 'Blue Man World' By Cristine Struble AXS Contributor May 19, 2016 Coachella 2016: Check out these cute pics of couples kissing at 'Bésame Mucho' By Mark Schiff AXS Contributor Apr 25, 2016 Exhibit honors 12 female artist creators & pioneers of 'The Sister Chapel' By Lori Wilk Mar 27, 2016 View More Close Headlines Categories Music Comedy AXS Buzz Rock pop concerts Justin Bieber Denver National Los Angeles new york Las Vegas Adele Dallas Just Announced Latest On AXS View More NEW! Joe Alterman comes home to new, feel-good jazz By Carol Banks Weber AXS Contributor 4 hours ago NEW! CNCO to kick off first worldwide tour By Doris Irizarry AXS Contributor 4 hours ago NEW! Locos Por Juana debut 'For the Ladies' video with Talib Kweli By Gary Schwind AXS Contributor 4 hours ago NEW! Top 10 best songs from Twenty One Pilots By Chase Hunt AXS Contributor 4 hours ago NEW! Andrea Claburn debuts vocal instrumental ‘Nightshade’ By Carol Banks Weber AXS Contributor 4 hours ago NEW! Rickie Lee Jones & Madeleine Peyroux announce co-headlining North American tour By Terrance Pryor AXS Contributor 4 hours ago NEW! The Knocks to inspire dance floor devotional at Fonda Theatre on Feb. 11 By Nicole Cormier AXS Contributor 4 hours ago NEW! The Ongoing Concept announce March tour with Hearts Like Lions and Capstan By Terrance Pryor AXS Contributor 4 hours ago NEW! Western Addiction post lyric video for 'Taedium' By Peter Stephan AXS Contributor 5 hours ago NEW! Everything you need to know about attending a show at Forest Hills Stadium By Tom Shackleford AXS Contributor 5 hours ago NEW! Best Valentine's Day shows in San Diego 2017 By Janelle Sheetz AXS Contributor 5 hours ago NEW! Watch: Wax Tailor speaks with vinyl enthusiasts before his Feb. 10 set at Fonda By Nicole Cormier AXS Contributor 7 hours ago NEW! Dada Life announce 2017 North American tour By Vanessa Vallon AXS Contributor 7 hours ago NEW! Cold War Kids preview new album with 'Love is Mystical' By Vanessa Vallon AXS Contributor 9 hours ago NEW! Review: Mumford & Sons bring energy to 'Live from South Africa: Blood and Thunder' concert film By Chris Griffy AXS Contributor 10 hours ago NEW! What we learned (and didn't learn) from Lady Gaga's Super Bowl press conference By Nate Todd AXS Contributor 10 hours ago NEW! Magic Johnson returns to Lakers as advisor to team president Jeanie Buss By Ryan Ward AXS Contributor 11 hours ago NEW! Austra paints compelling picture of 'Future Politics' with new music videos By Mark Schiff AXS Contributor 11 hours ago NEW! Zedd presents 'Welcome!' ACLU benefit concert at STAPLES Center By Nate Todd AXS Contributor 11 hours ago NEW! Pond announce 2017 North American tour By Vanessa Vallon AXS Contributor 12 hours ago View More
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By The Canadian Press February 2, 2017 - 9:54pm WASHINGTON — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Julie Bykowicz, The Associated Press ©2017 The Canadian Press Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  International Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Feb 02 Road Work For Thursday Feb 01 Road Work For Wednesday Jan 31 Road Work For Tuesday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
Accessibility/Mobile Features Skip Navigation Skip to Content February 3, 2017 Login | Register | RSS Feeds Hi | Logout | RSS Feeds SEARCH | Advanced Search | e-Edition Search full site Search local only Editorial News News| Local News | Westman this Week | Sun Weekend | Calendars || National News | World News || Manitoba Election Sports| Local Sports | Wheat Kings | High School || Hockey | Curling | Baseball | Basketball | Football | Golf | Post-Secondary | Other Sports Opinion|| Columnists | Letters to the Editor | Sound Off | Send a letter to the Editor | Submit a Sound Off | Submit a News Tip Entertainment| Local TV | Local Movies Lifestyles|   Business|   Agriculture||   Multimedia| Point of View | Special Features | Sun Snaps SUBSCRIBE   Classified Sites Careers Obituaries Classifieds eTearsheet Instructions You are here: Brandon Sun > World > International Breaking News > Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls International Breaking News The Canadian Press - ONLINE EDITION Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls By: Julie Bykowicz, The Associated Press Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017 at 9:55 PM | Comments: 0 Print E–mail Tweet Report Error WASHINGTON - Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Print E–mail Tweet Report Error Rate this This article has not yet been rated. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. If you thought it was well written, do the same. If it doesn’t meet your standards, mark it accordingly. You can also register and/or login to the site and join the conversation by leaving a comment. Rate it yourself by rolling over the stars and clicking when you reach your desired rating. We want you to tell us what you think of our articles. If the story moves you, compels you to act or tells you something you didn’t know, mark it high. Sort by: Newest to Oldest | Oldest to Newest | Most Popular 0 Comments You can comment on most stories on brandonsun.com. You can also agree or disagree with other comments. All you need to do is register and/or login and you can join the conversation and give your feedback. There are no comments at the moment. Be the first to post a comment below. Post Your Comment Error The following error(s) occurred: You forgot to fill in the comment box. confirm comment The following is the comment that you have written. If you like what you have written, select the submit button and the comment will be sent to the Brandon Sun. If you would like to go back and edit your comment, select the edit button. Comment You have characters left The Brandon Sun does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. Comments are moderated before publication. By submitting your comment, you agree to our Terms and Conditions. New to commenting? Check out our Frequently Asked Questions. Back to Top Return to International Breaking News Make text: Larger | Smaller Social Media Most Popular Most Views Most Comments Most Emails Today | Week | Month Cancer survivor wins Horatio Alger scholarship Support lifts Muslims Two women assaulted, purses stolen on Wednesday Defence takes issue with statements of co-accused Stolen vehicle used in gas-and-dash Bachewich, Fisseha going south Wilkinson joining Golden Bears Brandon looks to build on Canada Cup momentum Police deem death not suspicious, but looking for gun End of MSBL expected but tough to accept Veteran dies in house fire near Rivers Sisters stick together at Fairview Personal Care Home Police deem death not suspicious, but looking for gun Elderly man, four dogs die in Saturday house fire Brandon police release photo of robbery suspect Brandon Montessori centre closes doors Facebook sale leads to arrest Manitoba Senior Baseball League folds Meth use on rise in Brandon Police arrest man who dialed 911 for no reason Two years house arrest for fatal crash Brandon mom was 'kind to everyone' Three times the charm for Anderson sisters Worker tells mom to feed baby in store bathroom Man's death following interaction with BPS investigated Meadows School's Nancy Miller remembered for passion for teaching, arts $150,000 of crystal meth recovered Unsealed documents reveal sting operation meant to take down Const. Trent Milan Police lay charges in cocaine and meth bust Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project Today | Week | Month Province boosting education funding by just 1% Sound Off! -- Jan. 27, 2017 Woman sentenced for 'terrorizing' ex-boyfriend Sisters stick together at Fairview Personal Care Home More pavilions, date change among 2018 plans International students 'not cash cows' Meth use on rise in Brandon Province boosting education funding by just 1% Man caught with gun, cocaine in car gets 2-year prison term If they took a holiday … so what? Pallister provides chance to ponder poverty solutions Committee wants $110K to restore stone fence Minnedosa hit with financial shock over ethanol plant property reassessment Maguire's support of Facebook for advertising draws ire of local media Update: Brandon council deliberates on budget Police stop alleged drug trafficking Resolution raises some serious questions for municipalities Police scoff at Brandonite 'finding' drugs Today | Week | Month End of MSBL expected but tough to accept Women's recovery centre opens doors Brandon Montessori centre closes doors Two women assaulted, purses stolen on Wednesday Cancer survivor wins Horatio Alger scholarship End of MSBL expected but tough to accept Police deem death not suspicious, but looking for gun Women's recovery centre opens doors OUT OF THE HACK: Vachon happy to be back at Tournament of Hearts Woman sentenced for 'terrorizing' ex-boyfriend Brandon Montessori centre closes doors Two women assaulted, purses stolen on Wednesday Cancer survivor wins Horatio Alger scholarship Deloraine-Winchester residents get lawyer to stop recreation complex project WHL NOTEBOOK: Geekie enjoying breakout season with Americans Night hunting battle turning into 'race war,' Pallister says Cadets have rich history in Brandon Lyburn edges Irwin in extra end STARS app aimed at helping those in rural areas Education key for Alzheimer awareness Cow shot dead on Westman farm End of MSBL expected but tough to accept Glenboro couple still in love after 75 years Online: Contact Us | Photo Store | RSS Feeds Newspaper: Newspapers In Education (NIE) | Help/FAQ | Fund Raising | Press Pass Advertise: Rates | Media Guide | Online Ads Demo Legal: Privacy Policy | Access To Information | FP Newspapers Inc. © 2017 Brandon Sun. All Rights Reserved.
Presented by In Association With Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Run-up to Budget 2017 Budget Quiz Budget Chat BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #BudgetSpeech #Personal I-T rate #Budget2017 #PopulistBudget #IRCTC News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-ANI » International » World Army deployed as Nagaland tense over local body polls Business Standard Mexicans venting their ire by beating the life out of 'Trump Pinata' ANI  |  Washington D.C. [U.S.]  February 3, 2017 Last Updated at 03:27 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTKcst ALSO READ Trump slams media for inciting protests White House slams media for 'deliberate false reporting' on attendance at Trump's inauguration US government workers defy Trump's gag order on Twitter Ending social media bullying would be my focus as first lady: Melania Trump Social media users darken their profile layouts after Trump's win Fuming over President Trump's plan to erect a wall between U.S. and Mexico and the threats to use a 20% tariff on Mexican goods to finance it, Mexicans have taken a 'traditional' route to vent their ire at the troubling developments. According to CNN, Donald Trump pinatas have flooded the Mexican markets and are selling like hot cakes. Papier mache dolls with his trademark shock of yellow hair and business suits have appeared alongside Batman and Disney princesses at stalls. The only problem is they sell out fast! "As soon as we get them, they're gone," said shop owner Genoveva de la Cruz, as she displayed the last Trump piñata left at her stall. Meanwhile, campaigns have been launched on social media, urging Mexicans to boycott McDonald's (MCD), Starbucks (SBUX), Coca-Cola (KO) and Walmart (WMT) after Trump signed an executive order for the construction of the wall. The hashtags #AdiosStarbucks and #AdiosProductosGringos quickly started trending. However, Starbucks defended itself, saying that its local division is a Mexico-owned franchise which provides jobs to around 7,000 Mexicans and features Mexican-grown coffees. Tensions between the two countries rose after Trump insisted that Mexico pay for the wall and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto cancelled a meeting with Trump over the standoff. The Trump's administration then floated the idea of charging a 20% import tax on goods coming from Mexico. And on the other hand, six million U.S. jobs depend on trade with Mexico. Taxing Mexican imports affects many U.S. companies that send parts south of the border to be assembled. Analysts say Peña Nieto has a few cards up his sleeve. For instance, Mexico could stop cooperating on issues like security and drug trafficking. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On President Trump | Social Media | Cruz | Finance | Walmart | News-ani | World PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Save Tax on Your Premium u s 80D Free Brokerage for 1st Month Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Exploring Untapped Potential of Mutual Funds. IIM Bangalore: Aerospace Management Programme Supercharge your Indian property portfolio Get life cover worth Rs 1 CR Rs 18 per day Open 100% Paperless Demat Account in just 15 mins. Bengal Global Business Summit. click here Rise and fall of Bitcoin, does history repeat itself? Mexicans venting their ire by beating the life out of 'Trump Pinata' Fuming over President Trump's plan to erect a wall between U.S. and Mexico and the threats to use a 20% tariff on Mexican goods to finance it, Mexicans have taken a 'traditional' route to vent their ire at the troubling developments.According to CNN, Donald Trump pinatas have flooded the Mexican markets and are selling like hot cakes.Papier mache dolls with his trademark shock of yellow hair and business suits have appeared alongside Batman and Disney princesses at stalls.The only problem is they sell out fast!"As soon as we get them, they're gone," said shop owner Genoveva de la Cruz, as she displayed the last Trump piñata left at her stall.Meanwhile, campaigns have been launched on social media, urging Mexicans to boycott McDonald's (MCD), Starbucks (SBUX), Coca-Cola (KO) and Walmart (WMT) after Trump signed an executive order for the construction of the wall.The hashtags #AdiosStarbucks and #AdiosProductosGringos quickly started trending.However, Starbucks defended itself, saying ... Fuming over President Trump's plan to erect a wall between U.S. and Mexico and the threats to use a 20% tariff on Mexican goods to finance it, Mexicans have taken a 'traditional' route to vent their ire at the troubling developments. According to CNN, Donald Trump pinatas have flooded the Mexican markets and are selling like hot cakes. Papier mache dolls with his trademark shock of yellow hair and business suits have appeared alongside Batman and Disney princesses at stalls. The only problem is they sell out fast! "As soon as we get them, they're gone," said shop owner Genoveva de la Cruz, as she displayed the last Trump piñata left at her stall. Meanwhile, campaigns have been launched on social media, urging Mexicans to boycott McDonald's (MCD), Starbucks (SBUX), Coca-Cola (KO) and Walmart (WMT) after Trump signed an executive order for the construction of the wall. The hashtags #AdiosStarbucks and #AdiosProductosGringos quickly started trending. However, Starbucks defended itself, saying that its local division is a Mexico-owned franchise which provides jobs to around 7,000 Mexicans and features Mexican-grown coffees. Tensions between the two countries rose after Trump insisted that Mexico pay for the wall and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto cancelled a meeting with Trump over the standoff. The Trump's administration then floated the idea of charging a 20% import tax on goods coming from Mexico. And on the other hand, six million U.S. jobs depend on trade with Mexico. Taxing Mexican imports affects many U.S. companies that send parts south of the border to be assembled. Analysts say Peña Nieto has a few cards up his sleeve. For instance, Mexico could stop cooperating on issues like security and drug trafficking. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Mexicans venting their ire by beating the life out of 'Trump Pinata' Fuming over President Trump's plan to erect a wall between U.S. and Mexico and the threats to use a 20% tariff on Mexican goods to finance it, Mexicans have taken a 'traditional' route to vent their ire at the troubling developments. According to CNN, Donald Trump pinatas have flooded the Mexican markets and are selling like hot cakes. Papier mache dolls with his trademark shock of yellow hair and business suits have appeared alongside Batman and Disney princesses at stalls. The only problem is they sell out fast! "As soon as we get them, they're gone," said shop owner Genoveva de la Cruz, as she displayed the last Trump piñata left at her stall. Meanwhile, campaigns have been launched on social media, urging Mexicans to boycott McDonald's (MCD), Starbucks (SBUX), Coca-Cola (KO) and Walmart (WMT) after Trump signed an executive order for the construction of the wall. The hashtags #AdiosStarbucks and #AdiosProductosGringos quickly started trending. However, Starbucks defended itself, saying that its local division is a Mexico-owned franchise which provides jobs to around 7,000 Mexicans and features Mexican-grown coffees. Tensions between the two countries rose after Trump insisted that Mexico pay for the wall and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto cancelled a meeting with Trump over the standoff. The Trump's administration then floated the idea of charging a 20% import tax on goods coming from Mexico. And on the other hand, six million U.S. jobs depend on trade with Mexico. Taxing Mexican imports affects many U.S. companies that send parts south of the border to be assembled. Analysts say Peña Nieto has a few cards up his sleeve. For instance, Mexico could stop cooperating on issues like security and drug trafficking. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) ANI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Elections 2016 Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Desk Life Lannie & Granny Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade C'est La Vie Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Business February 2, 2017 8:09 PM Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:20 McCrory remains free on bond Pause 2:26 Biloxi clinic helps under-insured and uninsured 1:58 Gilich: Biloxi, proud of it 1:45 St. Stanislaus recruits commit to five different schools 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 0:30 Watch Bay Highs game-winning goal against St. Stanislaus 2:05 Does pro-life mean pro-Trump? 1:00 President encourages Senate Republicans to 'go nuclear' on SCOTUS nomination 1:49 Reaction to death sentence in Ja'Naya Thompson murder 5:43 Long Beach Police Chief deals with tragic death, department morale Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 9 days ago Sign spinner attracts attention in Pascagoula 1:32 9 days ago Sign spinner attracts attention in Pascagoula 0:54 16 days ago Palace Casino restaurants get just a touch of Old Biloxi 1:20 a month ago The Blind Tiger may be open in Biloxi before you expect View more video Business Meet former NFL stars on Super Bowl Sunday at Golden Nugget Scholarships now available through Coast chambers Want to get free donuts for three weeks? Here’s how More people will bet, mostly illegally, on the Super Bowl this year Metal in your chaw? Chewing tobacco under recall Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Local Deals Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Black History Month Politics News Videos Zika Virus Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Speaker Request Partners Resources Calendar Request Initiatives 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Super Bowl Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Breaking News FOX13 Newsletter Sign Up Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls by: JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press Updated: Feb 2, 2017 - 8:07 PM Twtter WASHINGTON (AP) - Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump - specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration - has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls AP source: US preparing new Iran sanctions over missile test After Trump's refugee order, nonprofits reject federal money With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law Guard killed at prison saved colleagues' lives, union says News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 FCC EEO Report FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 15° F Few Clouds Hi: 21° F Lo: 13° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Trump Transition Holiday Season Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Wake Up! Latest Headlines Romania: justice minister stands by diluted graft law Updated: 8 mins ago BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Romania’s justice minister says he stands by a law diluting the country’s anti-corruption fight, defying strong cr… 2017 has country singer Sam Hunt looking all the way up Updated: 8 mins ago HOUSTON (AP) — The year 2017 is looking good for Sam Hunt: The country star just released a new single, he’s readying a massive summer tour,… 2 weeks in, Trump rattles foreign friend and foes alike Updated: 48 mins ago Hello? People swamp Congress with calls in era of Trump Updated: 28 mins ago Trump moves toward a tougher line on Israeli settlements Updated: 28 mins ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 15° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 1° F Wind: W 13 Humidity: 68% Dewpoint: 6° F Sunrise: 7:27 AM Sunset: 5:30 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines WNY Congressman joins fight for domestic violence registry January 10, 2017 A Southern Tier family has new hope now that Congressman Tom Reed has joined the fight for a federal domestic violence registry. Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Brooks helps No. 13 Oregon hold off Arizona State 71-70 Updated: 6 mins ago EUGENE, Ore. (AP) — Losing two games in a row wasn’t an acceptable option for Dillon Brooks. Coming off a loss at Colorado, he knew the marg… Top 25 Capsules 2:00 am PROVO, Utah (AP) — Nigel Williams-Goss scored 33 points and No. 1 Gonzaga remains the lone undefeated team in the country after an 85-75 vic… Landale scores 22 as No. 18 Saint Mary’s beats Pacific 74-70 2:00 am Brooks helps No. 13 Oregon hold off Arizona State 71-70 2:00 am White scores 19 to lift Colorado past Stanford 81-74 1:30 am Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 15° F Few Clouds Hi: 21° F Lo: 13° F Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls JULIE BYKOWICZ, The Associated Press Published: February 2, 2017, 6:20 pm Updated: February 3, 2017, 1:40 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he’d spoken with Trump on Thursday to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won’t attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO’s schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is “designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner,” according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment,” said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign “Grab Your Wallet.” Other forum members said they’d keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. “He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity,” said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. didn’t immediately respond when asked whether CEO Elon Musk planned to remain on Trump’s business and manufacturing councils. Earlier this week, Musk asked his Twitter followers to read the immigration order and send him specific amendments he could present to the president. Musk has said that the refugee order “is not the best way to address the country’s challenges.” __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Special Report (PART TWO) Medical marijuana: exclusive access January 31, 2017 Special Report News 4 accompanied a Buffalo doctor to Denver, where he’s teaming up with a cannabis company to develop a unique medical product line. Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 1998 – 2017 WIVB.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In World More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos ALL News » World News » US News » Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls UN report blames Pakistan for delay in resolution Pakistan to file FIR against Hafiz Saeed After house arrest, Pakistan puts JuD chief Hafiz 11 women among 24 recruits complete bomb disposal FIR will be registered against Hafiz Saeed: Pak Saeed’s detention is in ‘national interest’, says Bilawal Bhutto Zardari warns US against including If Trump imposes visa ban on Pakistan it will help 26/11 plotter Hafiz Saeed, 4 others put under house Hafiz Saeed put under house arrest; JuD likely to Halt work on hydro projects in JK: Pak tells India China gives Pak 2 ships for CPEC sea route security How toxic water destroyed Pakistan's largest lake China tests missile with 10 nuclear warheads: China's 'Silk Road' push stirs resentment and China may deploy 2nd aircraft carrier near South China may deploy 2nd aircraft carrier near South Donald Trump administration on collision course Most of 31 on board missing Malaysian boat reported China objects Tibetan Prime Minister's presence at China marks Lunar New Year with prayers, incense, CIA papers reveal China's nuclear free pass to PM Modi, Theresa May wish Chinese people on Year of Alert for more smog in China's northern province China smog war moves to courts  Smog-hit province of Hebei says has learnt its Obama rejects Trump immigration ban, backs protests Being President Trump Photo story: Several killed after gunmen storm hotel in Somali capital Meet the human magnet Pictures of the week War in Mosul 76 Dakota pipeline protesters arrested Hawaii: Mountaintop sunrise attracts large crowds Rioters set fire to force UC-Berkeley talk Trump leaves DC to honour fallen US Navy Seal Mental evaluation ordered for Orlando shooter's wife Watch: Giant lava stream exploding into ocean in Hawaii Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls AP | Feb 3, 2017, 07.45 AM IST Uber CEO Travis Kalanick (Reuters photo) WASHINGTON: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit US President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is 'designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and non-partisan manner,' according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump- specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration- has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a `seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign 'Grab Your Wallet.' Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. didn't immediately respond when asked whether CEO Elon Musk planned to remain on Trump's business and manufacturing councils. Earlier this week, Musk asked his Twitter followers to read the immigration order and send him specific amendments he could present to the president. Musk has said that the refugee order "is not the best way to address the country's challenges." Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION Pre-Launching Godrej Greens Pune 2/3 BHK from 40Lacs+ Godrej Pune - New Projects Save this IIT aspirant from Kidney Failure! Milaap More from The Times of India Yuzvendra Chahal's 6/25 the best for India in T20Is Donald Trump: August 2014: When Donald Trump visited Pune Donald Trump: GOP finally falls in line with Donald Trump From the Web More From The Times of India Help single mother save her baby daughter!Milaap Grade a commercial property leased to blue-chip tenant @ 9%Property Share Promote content on Times of India networkColombia 15 most beautiful women in the worldCrazyFreelancer Top 10 Highest Paid Playback Singers In BollywoodBollywoodUnion Indian-American gets key White House post Google CEO slams Donald Trump's immigration order NRI woman trapped men to get money to marry one she loved Farhan Akhtar, Adhuna Bhabani attend counselling session The Indira Gandhi the world will never know Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Tata Motors launches new sub-brand 'TAMO' Donald Trump says 'tough phone calls' needed because 'world is in trouble' H-1B overhaul: IT companies see costs rise, dearth of skilled workers Highest paid Bollywood playback singers Ad: BollywoodUnion Bengaluru International Film Fest begins with unique laser show The inauguration ceremony of the 9th Bengaluru International Film Festival was held on the grand steps of Vidhana Soudha….The highlight of the evening was the laser show on Vidhana Soudha building, mapping the film industry in India and Karnataka. CM Siddaramaiah was the guest of honour at the ceremony, who inaugurated the festival by lighting the ceremonial lamp. Iranian boats escalate confrontations with US Navy The captain of an American destroyer that recently fired warning shots at Iranian vessels says the number of unsafe maritime interactions between the US and Iran has continued to increase over the past years. From around the Web 10 bollywood celebs who did odd jobs before becoming famous CriticsUnion Toyota - Less browsing, more dancing Toyota Use TOI network to get traffic on your site Colombia Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai More From The Times of India Australian PM says not sure how many refugees US will accept Times of India Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends TOI Website ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' TOI Website Read MoreUber CEOtrump business councilStephen Schwarzmankalanick resignskalanick Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Trump blasts Australian PM, hangs up on him 'Go nuclear' if Democrats block SC pick: Trump U.S. military probing more possible civilian deaths in Yemen raid At national prayer meeting, Trump vows to stop terrorism, promises religious freedom for all 1Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls 2Trump blasts Australian PM, hangs up on him 3'Go nuclear' if Democrats block SC pick: Trump 4U.S. military probing more possible civilian deaths in Yemen raid 5At national prayer meeting, Trump vows to stop terrorism, promises religious freedom for all About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App | ETMoney Finance App Trending Topics Beauty Care | BMC Election 2017 | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | PMC Election 2017 | India Budget 2017 News FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Live Updates: UP Elections 2017 Budget 2017 Expectations Union Budget 2017 Income Tax Rate Cut Live Updates: Budget 2017 Income Tax Rate Cut  Live Updates: Elections 2017 Budget 2017 Highlights Live:Punjab Election 2017 Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
Skip to main content Home Delivery e-Edition Boston Herald Store 27°F Subscribe to the Boston Herald RSS Feed Join the Boston Herald on Facebook Join the Boston Herald on Twitter Join the Boston Herald on Google+ View Boston Herald videos on YouTube Boston Herald Herald Apps Fun & Games Obituaries Friday, February 3, 2017 News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National U.S. Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Letters to Editor Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins College High School Columnists Soccer Golf Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Television Music People & Entertainment Weekly Lifestyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Gift Guide Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Blogs Photos Video Radio Classifieds Morning Meeting with Hillary Chabot, Jaclyn Cashman, Tom Shattuck Listen Live Listen Now Watch Live On Demand Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Associated Press Thursday, February 02, 2017 Credit: The Associated Press FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) comments WASHINGTON — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. More On: United States government Wal-Mart Stores Inc General Motors Co Elon Musk Travis Kalanick Donald Trump Bob Iger Mary Barra Share this Article Join the Conversation Herald Columnists Peter Gelzinis Gelzinis: In immigration storm, a refuge at Dot church Tom Shattuck Shattuck: New England invasion Howie Carr Carr: New crop of books nobody wants to make for good pulp, fiction Kimberly Atkins Atkins: Free speech, or free money? Jessica Heslam Heslam: Radio merger wires rivals together Bob McGovern McGovern: Boston U.S. Attorney facing tough battle Trending Now House overrides Gov. Baker, votes yes on pay raise WEEI parent company buys CBS' Sports Hub, WBZ in massive merger ‘Powerless’ will rise: Vanessa Hudgens shines in superhero comedy Boston Marathon bombing survivor engaged to firefighter who helped save her life Tweets by @bostonherald Boston Herald News Local Coverage Local Politics Columnists National US Politics International Offbeat News Obituaries Opinion Op Ed Letters to the Editor Editorials Send a Letter Sports Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Columnist College Soccer Golf High School Other Entertainment Inside Track Celebrity News Arts & Culture Movies Music Television LifeStyle Food & Beverage Style & Fashion Travel Health & Fitness Business Automotive Real Estate Technology Markets More… Classifieds Radio Horoscope Lottery Crossword Contests Weather RSS Feeds Archives Log In Legal Notices Advertise Purchase Back Copies Send a News Tip Contact Us Home Delivery e-Edition Mobile Apps Herald Newsletters Send a Letter to the Editor Boston Herald In Education Mass Literacy ©Copyright by the Boston Herald and Herald Media No portion of BostonHerald.com or its content may be reproduced without the owner's written permission. Privacy Commitment Terms Of Use Top
White House Congress Nation Cartoons Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Sign In Newsletters Subscribe Subscriber Services Politics All Politics Congress White House Elections Nation All Nation Courts & Crime Economy National Security Cartoons About Us Our Newsrooms More Politics News February 2, 2017 9:09 PM Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story More Politics News Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:22 Trump on 'tough' phone calls: Don't worry about it Pause 1:44 Trump administration putting 'Iran on notice' 0:26 Trump on cancelled meeting with Mexico's president 1:16 White House on military raid in Yemen: "It is a successful operation by all standards" 0:51 Trump administration eases Russian sanctions to allow U.S. tech exports 3:55 Barack and Michelle Obama wish you a Merry Christmas from the White House 2:17 Senate Democrats unveil $1 trillion infrastructure plan 1:34 Trump pledges huge tax cuts for business 2:51 Chao: Transportation department has rare opportunity 1:09 Dallas to Houston in 90 minutes? Texas bullet train makes that a reality Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 months ago FBI director recommends no criminal charges in Clinton email probe 1:56 7 months ago FBI director recommends no criminal charges in Clinton email probe 1:16 7 hours ago White House on military raid in Yemen: "It is a successful operation by all standards" 1:37 8 hours ago Trump wants to speed up NAFTA renegotiation View more video More Politics News Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law New CIA deputy criticized over her links to waterboarding Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council Politics & Government Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Advertise With Us Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Advertise With Us More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Las Vegas Sun February 3, 2017 Currently: 52° — Complete forecast Las Vegas Sun The Sunday News Vegas INC Opinion Sports Politics Entertainment Las Vegas Weekly Events Sports betting UNLV sports Gaming Education NHL in Las Vegas Smith's World HS Basketball Newsletter signup 0 Comments Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Mahesh Kumar / AP In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Associated Press Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017 | 6:11 p.m. WASHINGTON — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. didn't immediately respond when asked whether CEO Elon Musk planned to remain on Trump's business and manufacturing councils. Earlier this week, Musk asked his Twitter followers to read the immigration order and send him specific amendments he could present to the president. Musk has said that the refugee order "is not the best way to address the country's challenges." 0 Comments Join the Discussion: Check this out for a full explanation of our conversion to the LiveFyre commenting system and instructions on how to sign up for an account. Full comments policy Most Popular Viewed Discussed Trending Game over? State exec tries to offer hope on Raiders move Vulnerable Republican lawmaker Dean Heller under mounting pressure NFL won’t allow casino owners any stake in Raiders’ possible move to Las Vegas Most holidays beat Super Bowl hotel-room occupancy rate in Las Vegas Psychologist arrested in wife’s death 2 years after suicide ruling Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Complete Listing » Connect with Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Tumblr Email Edition RSS Scene in Las Vegas Super Bowl: Where will Lady Gaga’s halftime show rank? Film: De Niro bombs as stand-up in 'The Comedian' Dining: STK’s sliders are the perfect football food Featured Galleries Shadowing at the Mob Museum Berkeley Protest Blocks Breibart Editor’s Speech 131st celebration of Groundhog Day More photos » AP Headlines Calendar 3 Fri 4 Sat 5 Sun 6 Mon 7 Tue First Friday Downtown Arts District Willie Nelson The Venetian Resort Hotel Casino Jon Lovitz & Dana Carvey SLS Las Vegas Hotel & Casino All events on Friday » Chinese New Year Dim Sum Brunch Wing Lei HIR Art Square B.E. A S.H.E.R.O. Mardi Gras Masquerade Fundraiser Rain Nightclub | 6 p.m. to 10 p.m. All events on Saturday » The Big Game Watch Parties South Point Hotel-Casino-Spa | 10:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. The Big Game Party Ellis Island Casino & Brewery | noon to 8 p.m. Ultraman 50th Anniversary Screening Eclipse Theaters, 814 S. 3rd St., Las Vegas, NV 89101 All events on Sunday » Metro Pizza’s “Valentines” Pizza All Metro Pizza locations Rex Dart and the Bargain DJ Collective Double Down Saloon Half Off Happy Hour PT's, Sean Patrick's and Sierra Gold locations All events on Monday » A Room of One's Own Left of Center Art Gallery | noon to 3 p.m. Nickel Beer Night The Beauty Bar Unique Massive Double Down Saloon All events on Tuesday » News Entertainment Opinion Sports Politics Vegas INC - Business U.S. & World Today's Paper Jobs Locally owned and independent since 1950; Winner of the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service, best news website in the nation & DuPont Award for broadcast journalism About Us Contact Us Advertising FAQ User Agreement Awards Twitter Facebook Google+ RSS Mobile Greenspun Media Group Vegas Inc Las Vegas Weekly Las Vegas Magazine SMP Vegas © Las Vegas Sun, 2017, All Rights Reserved Las Vegas Sun 2275 Corporate Circle, Ste. 300 Henderson, NV 89074
Subscribe E-Newsletters Media File Contact Home Magazine Current Issue Archives Digital Edition Subscribe E-Newsletters Mobile Apps Transportation Material Handling Technology Strategy DCV-TV Channel 1: News and Exclusives Channel 2: Video Case Histories Channel 3: Videocasts Channel 4: Viewer Contributed Channel 5: Product and Service Profiles Upload Your Video Blogs Resources E-Newsletters Mobile Apps White Papers New Products Conference Guides Conference Reports Events Industry Press Room Home > Transportation > Amazon's shipping costs soared in fourth quarter, far exceeding revenue Transportation February 2, 2017 Amazon's shipping costs soared in fourth quarter, far exceeding revenue "Fulfillment by Amazon" accounted for 55 percent of all third-party sales in fourth quarter. By Mark B. Solomon Comment Amazon.com Inc. said late today that its fourth-quarter global shipping costs soared to $5.6 billion, as the Seattle-based e-tailing giant grappled with increases in fulfillment demand brought on by another peak-season quarter of double-digit sales growth. At the same time, fourth-quarter global shipping revenue came in at slightly more than $3 billion, continuing Seattle-based Amazon's multi-year pattern of shipping costs exceeding revenue. For the year, Amazon spent about $16 billion on shipping services and took in about $9 billion in revenue. Revenue in the quarter rose 22 percent year over year to $43.7 billion, which was about $1 billion below analysts' estimates. For the first quarter, Amazon expects revenue of between $33 and $35 billion. "Fulfillment by Amazon" (FBA), which offers fulfillment and delivery services to sellers of all types, delivered more than two billion units worldwide in 2016, while the number of FBA users grew by more than 70 percent, Amazon said. In what may be a new measure of FBA's traction, the service accounted for more than 55 percent of all units sold in the fourth quarter by third-party merchants on Amazon's site, the company said. Amazon has taken several steps in recent years to build out a transportation and logistics network to improve service to customers buying on its site, to gain better control of its supply chain costs, and to position itself as the logistics provider of choice to merchants that can use any number of transport and logistics vendors. The latest move came Tuesday when Amazon said it would break ground later this year on a $1.5 billion air hub at Cincinnati/Northern Kentucky airport to support a fleet of up to 40 freighter aircraft making two-day deliveries to "Amazon Prime" members. Of the 40 planes to enter Amazon's fleet, 16 are in operation. The aircraft are operated under lease agreements with Wilmington, Ohio-based Air Transport Services Group Inc. and Purchase, N.Y.-based Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings Inc. Under Amazon Prime, Amazon charges $99 a year, or alternatively $10 a month, for unlimited two-day deliveries. On Tuesday, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the brick-and-mortar retail titan that is looking to catch up with Amazon in the digital world, said it would begin offering free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items with no need for a membership fee. Its annual fee has been $49. Marc Lore, the new head of e-commerce for Wal-Mart.com, was quoted in reports as saying that free shipping, at least for two-day deliveries is here to stay. "In today's world of e-commerce, two-day free shipping is table stakes," Lore said. "It no longer makes sense to charge for it." #Logistics #Transportation #3PL/Outsourcing #Air About the Author Mark B. Solomon Executive Editor - News Mark Solomon joined DC VELOCITY as senior editor in August 2008, and was promoted to his current position on January 1, 2015. He has spent more than 30 years in the transportation, logistics and supply chain management fields as a journalist and public relations professional. From 1989 to 1994, he worked in Washington as a reporter for the Journal of Commerce, covering the aviation and trucking industries, the Department of Transportation, Congress and the U.S. Supreme Court. Prior to that, he worked for Traffic World for seven years in a similar role. From 1994 to 2008, Mr. Solomon ran Media-Based Solutions, a public relations firm based in Atlanta. He graduated in 1978 with a B.A. in journalism from The American University in Washington, D.C. More articles by Mark B. Solomon Resources Mentioned In This Article Air Transport Services Group Inc. Amazon.com Atlas Air Worldwide Holdings Wal-Mart Related Articles High costs, lack of awareness short-circuiting electric vehicle adoption YRC Freight eliminates management layer in re-organization of field operations Port Everglades moves forward with plan for new logistics center DeFazio unveils plan to tie bond issuance for transport projects to inflation-indexed fuel tax hikes Leaders of Teamsters freight division announce their retirements, union says More Videos » Transportation Videos How Will the Trump Administration Impact Shippers Orchestrating Your Next Best Move With Real-Time Visibility Best approach to managing relationships with your 3PLs Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. If you're not already logged in, you will be asked to log in or register. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Want more articles like this? Get a FREE subscription to DC Velocity. Feedback: What did you think of this article? We'd like to hear from you. DC VELOCITY is committed to accuracy and clarity in the delivery of important and useful logistics and supply chain news and information. If you find anything in DC VELOCITY you feel is inaccurate or warrants further explanation, please ?Subject=Feedback - : Amazon's shipping costs soared in fourth quarter, far exceeding revenue">contact Chief Editor David Maloney. All comments are eligible for publication in the letters section of DC VELOCITY magazine. Please include you name and the name of the company or organization your work for. Industry Press Room » Read the latest industry news from Swisslog Logistics, Inc., Affect, DRT Transportation, LePoidevin Marketing, Jan Muhlfeit, and more » More industry news » Submit your company's news Most Popular Articles 1. Autonomous heavy-duty trucks threaten jobs of nearly 1.7 million drivers, White House says 2. The Home Depot's Michelle Livingstone on why orange is the new green 3. Pallet trucks look to the future 4. A razor-sharp strategy for distribution 5. UberFreight steps up efforts to expand into brokerage sector 6. Honeywell and Intel launch Internet of Things effort 7. XPO closes purchase of Con-way; layoffs begin within Con-way system 8. Amazon builds 21st robotic warehouse 9. Radial challenges Amazon with expanded fulfillment service 10. Looming presence of Uber, Amazon casts shadow over brokers' margins News from our sister publication University of Michigan revamps SCM program, debuts Supply Chain Consulting Studio Global transport will find it hard to cut carbon emissions, report finds As minimum wages rise, procurement must be ready to respond Big ideas on campus Next-generation visibility: What will it take to get there? Home Subscribe News Feeds Archives E-Newsletters Advertising Customer Care Contact About Staff List Privacy Policy Site Map © Copyright 2017 DC Velocity, a publication of Agile Business Media, LLC. All rights reserved.
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12394754 Home 12394946 Livestream Newscast Live Events MercerMess Doppler Radar 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Ski Report School Closings 12394790 News Local News Jesse Jones KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Seattle Anti-Freeze 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12395018 Jesse Jones 12394874 Sports Mariners Sounders FC Seahawks College Sports Huskies Cougars High School Football Seattle Storm Seattle Reign FC 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Jobs with KIRO 7 Summer Internship Program Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Housing Profiles More Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls by: JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press Updated: Feb 2, 2017 - 6:07 PM Twtter WASHINGTON (AP) - Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump - specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration - has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls AP source: US preparing new Iran sanctions over missile test After Trump's refugee order, nonprofits reject federal money With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law Guard killed at prison saved colleagues' lives, union says News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business February 2, 2017 9:09 PM Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:56 Protesters march against Trump's immigration order at Miami International Airport Pause 2:15 Kids ask Mayor Gimenez to make Miami-Dade a sanctuary county 1:17 White House: Funding to sanctuary cities a 'taxpayer issue' 1:31 South Miami guard Ezacuras Dawson talks about GMAC championship 1:19 A day with JT: A long car ride with Jason Taylor leads to Hall of Fame talk 1:55 'Cold-stunned' turtles come to the Florida Keys 1:01 ATV rider in 'Bikes Up, Guns Down' rally caught by the cops 0:58 Great white shark caught on video off Florida coast 0:26 Key deer infected with screwworm on road to recovery 0:34 Miss Universe runner-up Miss Haiti arrives in Little Haiti Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 days ago Are you up for the Challenge? 0:42 6 days ago Are you up for the Challenge? 1:05 7 days ago Norwegian's Free At Sea - January 2017 0:41 18 days ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top View more video Business In the week ahead, look for a return to economic fundamentals Capitol battle is on over funding Visit Florida, Enterprise Florida and more South Florida’s leaky pipe problem poses risk to homeowners insurance Was Florida woman kicked off Spirit flight for drunkenness, or cleavage? Alert the Jetsons! Flying cars finally on horizon Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar People Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 22° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Overcast. High 38F. Winds ESE at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Cloudy. Low 37F. Winds SSW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell Close Mahesh Kumar A. FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) AP Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press Feb 2, 2017 Updated 5 hrs ago 0 Mahesh Kumar A. FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Tags Wire Politics Business Government And Politics Boycotts Political And Civil Unrest General News Executive Changes Corporate Management Personnel Corporate News × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Latest in section Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed City Council wants state review after boil-water advisory More on this topic Honda profit jumps on cost cuts, absence of recall expenses South Korea's Samsung mulls building US appliance factory Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed City Council wants state review after boil-water advisory Most Popular Owner of bail bonds company flees police, charged with DUI Obituary: Paul Edward Ciocca Cassia sheriff needs help identifying those involved in burglary Buhl man acquitted in 2-year-old's death Obituary: Michael Tremblay Most Commented 'Not the American way': Idaho refugee advocates condemn order(51) Twin Falls refugees fear what comes next(24) Idaho House panel introduces anti-Shariah law bill(17) Idaho congressmen back Trump refugee halt(16) Our View: We expect presidents to tell the truth(14) Business Directory Latest Local Offers Kiwi Loco Celebrate your birthday with Kiwi Loco! Click here for details! Updated Feb 1, 2017 A Perfect View Cleaning, LLC. Do you have a construction site that needs a thorough cleaning? Call A Perfect View Window Cleaning for your new construction cleanup needs! 208-316-8292 Updated Feb 1, 2017 Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Southern Idaho Entertainment Twitter has already picked out some names for Beyonce's twins Autos Here's what the inside of a running engine looks like +7 World News Photos: Electric-tape bikinis in Brazil Atlanta celebrities 'rise up' for Super Bowl-bound Falcons Warriors beat Clippers 133-120 for 9th straight win over LA Williams-Goss scores 33, No. 1 Gonzaga beats BYU 85-75 Pick a card, any card: Magician lightens mood for Patriots TODAY'S TOP VIDEO US aims to reassure alliance with S. Korea What is the future of the US-S. Korea alliance? Inside the Rohingya resistance US-Australia friendship turning frosty Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad National Business February 2, 2017 9:09 PM Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 5:24 Gamecocks wrap win at Kentucky Pause 3:38 Timeline of Dylann Roof's trial from day of Charleston shooting to death penalty 0:37 SLED Investigates the scene of a fire on Santee Ave. in MLK Park 1:19 Settlement announced for case against Horry County Police Department 1:50 How Cromer's P-nuts became "worst in town" 1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice 2:17 Will Muschamp discusses 2017 signees, recruiting strategy 1:16 Will Muschamp 2017 signing class breakdown 1:50 Muschamp: Instate signees important for the Gamecocks 0:50 Fort Worth police apprehend slithery suspect Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 months ago HB2: A timeline for North Carolina’s controversial law 3:27 10 months ago HB2: A timeline for North Carolina’s controversial law 2:17 4 hours ago Will Muschamp discusses 2017 signees, recruiting strategy 5:24 4 hours ago Gamecocks wrap win at Kentucky View more video National Business Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street ends little changed New York creates loan fund for local health care providers City Council wants state review after boil-water advisory '16 a record year for Maine small businesses getting capital Nordstrom to drop Ivanka Trump's clothing, accessories line Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Business February 2, 2017 9:09 PM Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:39 New McClatchy CEO discusses journalism and the digital age Pause 8:37 Stephen Miller warms up crowd of Trump supporters 1:56 Museum of History celebrates Black History Month 1:14 Why grow organic? 0:50 NC State's Abu: It feels like a million but it is just one 1:19 Pitmaster Ed Mitchell explains his passion for barbecue 0:24 Preparing NC high school students for college courses 28:59 UNC's Fedora talks about the Tar Heels' signing class 1:57 Education Secretary nominee DeVos: I will be an advocate for all great schools 2:11 UNC's Theo Pinson on Coach Roy Williams: 'There was nobody else I wanted to play for' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Google Fiber hosts grand opening of Raleigh Fiber Space 2:19 a day ago Google Fiber hosts grand opening of Raleigh Fiber Space 1:39 8 days ago New McClatchy CEO discusses journalism and the digital age 1:34 11 days ago Trump pledges huge tax cuts for business View more video Today's Market Nasdaq Powered by Barchart Business NC Gov. Roy Cooper urges business leaders to fight HB2, push to raise teacher salaries Congress scraps Obama rules on coal mining, guns Free doughnuts: Krispy Kreme gives away free doughnut with purchase of new coffee Durham textile artist turns entrepreneur with studio, pop-up shop Downtown Raleigh Alliance leader leaving Editor's Choice Videos Raleigh Top Jobs Utility Technician Dixie Pipeline Company View All Top Jobs Search Jobs Powered by Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business February 2, 2017 9:09 PM Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:04 Bicyclists participate in weekly Light Up The Night Ride Pause 3:53 Carolina Forest girls dominant in win over Socastee 1:17 White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver 3:58 Comedian/bartender Jimmy Mathieu talks life and the Texas Top Shelf Margarita at Suck Bang Blow | Hot Pour 0:50 Fort Worth police apprehend slithery suspect 2:15 Clarissa Pittelli talks teaching first grade at Ocean Bay Elementary 3:09 Inside peek at the new Clemson Football Operations Facility 2:48 CCU coach Moglia talks recruiting class (video) 0:29 Police investigate shots fired near Seaboard Street 1:25 Getting your posture right helps in the golf swing Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 months ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 10 months ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 3:53 5 hours ago Carolina Forest girls dominant in win over Socastee 2:04 6 hours ago Bicyclists participate in weekly Light Up The Night Ride View more video National Business Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed FIFA stops internal fixing monitoring, outsources operations After Trump's refugee order, nonprofits reject federal money With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered. Business Uber CEO quits Trump council of business leaders amid boycott calls Trump business council Mahesh Kumar A. / AP In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. (Mahesh Kumar A. / AP) Tribune news servicesContact Reporter Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Uber CEO challenged for Trump connection; Lyft to donate $1 million to ACLU Tribune news services Uber CEO Travis Kalanick is facing criticism online for his relationship with President Donald Trump after the administration imposed a temporary ban on travel to the United States from seven majority Muslim countries. Kalanick said in a Facebook post that the 90-day ban could hurt "thousands"... Uber CEO Travis Kalanick is facing criticism online for his relationship with President Donald Trump after the administration imposed a temporary ban on travel to the United States from seven majority Muslim countries. Kalanick said in a Facebook post that the 90-day ban could hurt "thousands"... (Tribune news services) Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order on refugees. Businesses face treacherous path after 'Delete Uber' Leonid Bershidsky The Uber boycott sparked by the company’s refusal to join an anti-Trump strike poses a question many U.S. businesses will have to answer: Do they openly stand with those of their customers who abhor President Donald Trump’s policies or does it make more business sense for them to stay neutral? ... The Uber boycott sparked by the company’s refusal to join an anti-Trump strike poses a question many U.S. businesses will have to answer: Do they openly stand with those of their customers who abhor President Donald Trump’s policies or does it make more business sense for them to stay neutral? ... (Leonid Bershidsky) Kalanick subsequently condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the meeting on Friday, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. didn't immediately respond when asked whether CEO Elon Musk planned to remain on Trump's business and manufacturing councils. Earlier this week, Musk asked his Twitter followers to read the immigration order and send him specific amendments he could present to the president. Musk has said that the refugee order "is not the best way to address the country's challenges." Associated Press Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Donald Trump Elon Musk Cleveland Clinic White House Mary Barra Tech industry reacts to Trump's order on immigration with fear, frustration Lyft rides a wave of anger to the top of the App Store Trump recruits army of business leaders to battle the Washington system Breaking Sports Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Business Advertising 15°
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   News updated: 2/2/2017 7:28 PM Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to âlet him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.â Associated Press   By JULIE BYKOWICZ     WASHINGTON -- Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump - specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration - has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. didn't immediately respond when asked whether CEO Elon Musk planned to remain on Trump's business and manufacturing councils. Earlier this week, Musk asked his Twitter followers to read the immigration order and send him specific amendments he could present to the president. Musk has said that the refugee order "is not the best way to address the country's challenges." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Tweet This article filed under: News Nation/World Associated Press Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
News Sports Business Food Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Steve Rose Mary Sanchez Public Editor Midwest Voices As I See It Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us National & International February 2, 2017 8:09 PM Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National & International Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:53 Five things to know about National Signing Day Pause 0:31 Trump recognizes Douglass and other historic African-Americans 3:39 KU coach Bill Self says it's been a 'unique last short period of time' 1:20 KU head coach Bill Self reads statement about Lagerald Vick after Baylor game 0:53 Whip up great guacamole in time for the Super Bowl 2:57 Do your part to stop the spread of flu 0:56 Children of stabbing victim get help from Independence police and community 0:29 Franklin Graham: Rain at inauguration a 'sign of God's blessing' 0:43 Betty White says her first job convinced her to stay in television 0:57 Raw video: Fire breaks out in KC's 18th & Vine District Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago Where Kansas City ranks nationally for TV sports ratings 1:17 4 hours ago Where Kansas City ranks nationally for TV sports ratings 2:57 6 hours ago Memorable Super Bowl ad brands you won't see this year 1:10 7 hours ago Sean Weatherspoon is optimistic MU will bounce back in '17 View more video National & International Global stocks higher after Wall Street ends little changed Providence opposes sale of city water for power plant FIFA stops internal fixing monitoring, outsources operations After Trump's refugee order, nonprofits reject federal money With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections 2016 Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Business February 2, 2017 9:09 PM Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” Mahesh Kumar A., File AP Photo i By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:26 Police respond to reported shooting Pause 0:37 Snow causes hazardous driving conditions 1:26 Watch highlights from Penn State's win 1:33 Students hold #NotMyPresident protest at Penn State 8:54 Last Word: Arnold Palmer 0:57 Local students give back at annual Helping Hands Fair 1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch 1:22 Coach Franklin on 4-star recruit Thorpe: 'He's an offensive linemen with a nastiness to him' 1:54 Coach Franklin discusses 2016 season's impact on National Signing Day 0:41 Protesters oppose executive order on refugees Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 18 hours ago The memorable Super Bowl commercial brands you won't see this year 2:57 18 hours ago The memorable Super Bowl commercial brands you won't see this year 0:57 a day ago Local students give back at annual Helping Hands Fair 1:30 18 hours ago Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch View more video Business Sponsored Content: Innovation Spotlight Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed FIFA stops internal fixing monitoring, outsources operations After Trump's refugee order, nonprofits reject federal money With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Budget 2017 SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News International Mexicans venting their ire by beating the life out of 'Trump Pinata' Mexicans venting their ire by beating the life out of 'Trump Pinata' Source : Last Updated: Fri, Feb 03, 2017 06:47 hrs Tweet Mail Print [U.S.], Feb. 3 (ANI): Fuming over President Trump's plan to erect a wall between U.S. and Mexico and the threats to use a 20% tariff on Mexican goods to finance it, Mexicans have taken a 'traditional' route to vent their ire at the troubling developments. According to CNN, Donald Trump pinatas have flooded the Mexican markets and are selling like hot cakes. Papier mache dolls with his trademark shock of yellow hair and business suits have appeared alongside Batman and Disney princesses at stalls. The only problem is they sell out fast! "As soon as we get them, they're gone," said shop owner Genoveva de la Cruz, as she displayed the last Trump piñata left at her stall. Meanwhile, campaigns have been launched on social media, urging Mexicans to boycott McDonald's (MCD), Starbucks (SBUX), Coca-Cola (KO) and Walmart (WMT) after Trump signed an executive order for the construction of the wall. The hashtags #AdiosStarbucks and #AdiosProductosGringos quickly started trending. However, Starbucks defended itself, saying that its local division is a Mexico-owned franchise which provides jobs to around 7,000 Mexicans and features Mexican-grown coffees. Tensions between the two countries rose after Trump insisted that Mexico pay for the wall and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto cancelled a meeting with Trump over the standoff. The Trump's administration then floated the idea of charging a 20% import tax on goods coming from Mexico. And on the other hand, six million U.S. jobs depend on trade with Mexico. Taxing Mexican imports affects many U.S. companies that send parts south of the border to be assembled. Analysts say Peña Nieto has a few cards up his sleeve. For instance, Mexico could stop cooperating on issues like security and drug trafficking. (ANI) SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Neewin Hershall: Poetry in motion Punjab Polls: Voters caught in three-way battle Donald Trump to build wall! In pictures: India's Republic Day Parade 2017 Tamil Nadu fights back on Jallikattu About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
MENU GO 43 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa more... News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Home of the Week Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Watch Live News Local Nation & World Connect to Congress Special Reports Election Election Results News 13 Investigates Reality Check Health Alert Raw News Fugitive Files Habitual DWI Gallery Town Hall Entertainment News 13 This Morning Ask 13 Hooked on Heroin Consumer Reports NC Wildfires Weather Radar Maps Cameras Closings and Delays Hurricane Tracker Text Alerts Sports Local Sports Friday Night Rivals Game Changer Thursday Night Lights Scoreboard Community Spotlight Carolina North Carolina Educational Lottery Community Calendar Ask the Vet Road Trippin' Pump Patrol Content for a Cause Deadline Deals LiveWell Expo News 13 Contact People Careers Contests Schedule See It, Send It Real Estate Home of the Week Features Never Stop Learning Thanks to Teachers Tech Time Person of the Week Auto Matters Offbeat Carolina Kitchen Carolina Moment Pet Pals Galleries Sinclair Cares Traffic Live Stream Circa Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls by JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) AA WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order on refugees. Kalanick subsequently condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the meeting on Friday, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. didn't immediately respond when asked whether CEO Elon Musk planned to remain on Trump's business and manufacturing councils. Earlier this week, Musk asked his Twitter followers to read the immigration order and send him specific amendments he could present to the president. Musk has said that the refugee order "is not the best way to address the country's challenges." __ Associated Press writers Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. close News In Pictures FBI raids Qualla Housing Authority in Cherokee Portland woman gets python stuck in her gauge piercing Man pleads guilty to 2013 murder of Asheville artist Unexplained sores on 12-year-old girl's legs tied to pedicure, doctors believe Trending 1   Giving away the farm: Woman holds 200-word essay contest 2   FBI raids Qualla Housing Authority in Cherokee 3   Marion man charged with manslaughter after Wednesday night shooting 4   Top local stories we are following today 5   Infant set to travel from Iran for heart surgery at OHSU stopped at overseas airport DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLOS Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Giving away the farm: Woman holds 200-word essay contest 2 FBI raids Qualla Housing Authority in Cherokee 3 Marion man charged with manslaughter after Wednesday night shooting 4 Top local stories we are following today 5 Infant set to travel from Iran for heart surgery at OHSU stopped at overseas airport 6 Woman found chained in storage container in South Carolina to appear on Dr. Phil 7 Prison officials: 1 hostage dead, another alert and talking 8 State Officials: First NC child dies this flu season 9 Texas day care has message for parents: 'Get off your phone' 10 Hit-and-run victim's parents disagree with suspect's bond; son out of coma
MENU GO 25 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Videos Connect to Congress Auto Matters You Paid For It Water Crisis Perp Patrol Raw News Web Links Tracking Terror Election Town Hall Hooked on Heroin Weather Radar Maps Closings Weathernet6 Historical Data Freihofer’s SkyCams Daily Almanac Weather App Hurricane Center Upstate Sports Edge Local Sports Beyond the Game 5th Quarter Personal Best Scoreboard Station Contact People Careers Contests Schedule Mobile Text Alerts Email Signup Traffic Traffic Alerts Community Your Life Your Health Six On Seniors Be an Ally Drive Safe Mr. Food Road Trippin' Gas Gauge CBS6 Cares Pets Content for a Cause Backpack Heroes Sinclair Cares Melodies of Christmas Black History Month Circa more... News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Videos Connect to Congress Auto Matters You Paid For It Water Crisis Perp Patrol Raw News Web Links Tracking Terror Election Town Hall Hooked on Heroin Weather Radar Maps Closings Weathernet6 Historical Data Freihofer’s SkyCams Daily Almanac Weather App Hurricane Center Upstate Sports Edge Local Sports Beyond the Game 5th Quarter Personal Best Scoreboard Station Contact People Careers Contests Schedule Mobile Text Alerts Email Signup Traffic Traffic Alerts Community Your Life Your Health Six On Seniors Be an Ally Drive Safe Mr. Food Road Trippin' Gas Gauge CBS6 Cares Pets Content for a Cause Backpack Heroes Sinclair Cares Melodies of Christmas Black History Month Circa Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Videos Connect to Congress Auto Matters You Paid For It Water Crisis Perp Patrol Raw News Web Links Tracking Terror Election Town Hall Hooked on Heroin Radar Maps Closings Weathernet6 Historical Data Freihofer’s SkyCams Daily Almanac Weather App Hurricane Center Local Sports Beyond the Game 5th Quarter Personal Best Scoreboard Contact People Careers Contests Schedule Mobile Text Alerts Email Signup Traffic Alerts Your Life Your Health Six On Seniors Be an Ally Drive Safe Mr. Food Road Trippin' Gas Gauge CBS6 Cares Pets Content for a Cause Backpack Heroes Sinclair Cares Melodies of Christmas Black History Month Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Videos Connect to Congress Auto Matters You Paid For It Water Crisis Perp Patrol Raw News Web Links Tracking Terror Election Town Hall Hooked on Heroin Radar Maps Closings Weathernet6 Historical Data Freihofer’s SkyCams Daily Almanac Weather App Hurricane Center Local Sports Beyond the Game 5th Quarter Personal Best Scoreboard Contact People Careers Contests Schedule Mobile Text Alerts Email Signup Traffic Alerts Your Life Your Health Six On Seniors Be an Ally Drive Safe Mr. Food Road Trippin' Gas Gauge CBS6 Cares Pets Content for a Cause Backpack Heroes Sinclair Cares Melodies of Christmas Black History Month Watch Live News Local Nation & World Entertainment Offbeat Videos Connect to Congress Auto Matters You Paid For It Water Crisis Perp Patrol Raw News Web Links Tracking Terror Election Town Hall Hooked on Heroin Weather Radar Maps Closings Weathernet6 Historical Data Freihofer’s SkyCams Daily Almanac Weather App Hurricane Center Upstate Sports Edge Local Sports Beyond the Game 5th Quarter Personal Best Scoreboard Station Contact People Careers Contests Schedule Mobile Text Alerts Email Signup Traffic Traffic Alerts Community Your Life Your Health Six On Seniors Be an Ally Drive Safe Mr. Food Road Trippin' Gas Gauge CBS6 Cares Pets Content for a Cause Backpack Heroes Sinclair Cares Melodies of Christmas Black History Month Circa Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls by JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) AA WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order on refugees. Kalanick subsequently condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the meeting on Friday, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. didn't immediately respond when asked whether CEO Elon Musk planned to remain on Trump's business and manufacturing councils. Earlier this week, Musk asked his Twitter followers to read the immigration order and send him specific amendments he could present to the president. Musk has said that the refugee order "is not the best way to address the country's challenges." __ Associated Press writers Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. close News In Pictures Rattlesnake crawls out of toilet in snake-infested house Perp Patrol: Wanted gallery EXCLUSIVE: CBS6 Preview of Rivers Casino before it opens Happy Birthday! Shakira turns 40 Trending 1   Route 150 in West Sand Lake back open following crash 2   Rattlesnake crawls out of toilet in snake-infested house 3   Officials: 1 hostage dead after prison inmates take hostages 4   National Grid meeting with residents after home explosion 5   Veteran police officer dies trying to save suicidal woman DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WRGB Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Route 150 in West Sand Lake back open following crash 2 Rattlesnake crawls out of toilet in snake-infested house 3 Officials: 1 hostage dead after prison inmates take hostages 4 National Grid meeting with residents after home explosion 5 Veteran police officer dies trying to save suicidal woman 6 911’s Fatal Flaw 7 Deputies: Handyman accused of burglarizing home 8 UC Berkeley cancels speech amid violent protest 9 Two teens facing assault charges after road rage incident, say deputies 10 Traffic Alert: Stuck truck leads to road closure
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Union Budget 2017 Sport Entertainment Galleries 2016 with TNIE Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home World Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls  By Associated Press  |   Published: 03rd February 2017 05:08 AM  |   Last Updated: 03rd February 2017 05:08 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email Uber CEO Travis Kalanick | AP WASHINGTON: Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order on refugees. Kalanick subsequently condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the meeting on Friday, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. didn't immediately respond when asked whether CEO Elon Musk planned to remain on Trump's business and manufacturing councils. Earlier this week, Musk asked his Twitter followers to read the immigration order and send him specific amendments he could present to the president. Musk has said that the refugee order "is not the best way to address the country's challenges." TAGS Uber chief trump business council Travis Kalanick O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Latest UPA, NDA kicking me around like a football: Mallya Lok Sabha adjourned over E Ahamed death row Indian-origin doctor found guilty of bribery in Chicago US planning sanctions against Iran: Reports Uber chief quits Trump business council Snapchat's parent company files for $3 billion IPO New Israeli settlements may not be helpful: WH UP polls: Varun, Joshi in, Advani still out in BJP list Gallery A day in the life of Indian elections Union budget 2017: Glimpses of a busy day at parliament arrow Videos Around 2000 people float together in Argentina for a world record Syrian students fleeing war find home in Mexico amidst Trump ban arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Business Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls UPDATED: THURSDAY, FEB. 2, 2017, 6:37 P.M. By Julie Bykowicz Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS WASHINGTON – Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by the Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he’d spoken with Trump on Thursday to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is “designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner,” according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump – specifically his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration – has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order on refugees. Kalanick subsequently condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment,” said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign “Grab Your Wallet.” Other forum members said they’d keep their commitment. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the meeting on Friday, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. didn’t immediately respond when asked whether CEO Elon Musk planned to remain on Trump’s business and manufacturing councils. Earlier this week, Musk asked his Twitter followers to read the immigration order and send him specific amendments he could present to the president. Musk has said the refugee order “is not the best way to address the country’s challenges.” Updated: Feb. 2, 2017, 6:37 p.m.  Tags: council of business leaders, Donald Trump, economic council, Travis Kalanick, Uber Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
NOLA.com The Times-Picayune Greater New Orleans Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Menu Home Set Your Edition Greater New Orleans News Home Business Home Sports Home Entertainment Home Eat, Drink, Cook Special Sections Videos Engage MardiGras.com Obits Real Estate Jobs Autos Rentals Classifieds FIND&SAVE Local Businesses Photos Follow Us View all Sections Subscribe Back to Main Menu Weather Crime & Courts Politics Education Health & Health Care Traffic, Fires & Accidents Opinions Northshore News Baton Rouge News Hurricane Central Back to Main Menu Top Workplaces 2017 Local Real Estate News Real Estate Transfers Latest Jobs News Career Advice Find a Local Business Back to Main Menu Saints Saints 50th Season LSU Tigers Leonard Fournette Pelicans High School Sports Recruiting Tulane Outdoors Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Local Music Louisiana Festivals Arts & Stage Movies & Hollywood South Parties & Society Home & Garden Travel news Comics Puzzles Living MardiGras.com Back to Main Menu 300 for 300 Family Sentence The Southern Girls Project Our Lost: The human toll of murder Saints 50th Season Everyday Heroes The New Orleans Gun Pipeline Future of New Orleans Hurricane Katrina Data & Databases Back to Main Menu What You're Talking About Live Chats & Webcams Photo Contests Contests Mobile Apps RSS Feeds Newsletters Contact a Reporter Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Local Grocery Ads Special Sections Local Ads Lagniappe Back to Main Menu News Photos Sports Photos Entertainment Photos Mardi Gras photos Featured Galleries Your Photos Contact a Photographer Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Follow us on Instagram Add us on Snapchat Back to Main Menu The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Baton Rouge Greater New Orleans Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NOLA.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NOLA.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Times-Picayune Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Greater New Orleans Change Region Louisiana Politics & Government Gov. John Bel Edwards names new chief of staff Posted on February 2, 2017 at 6:54 PM Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards during a meeting at The Times-Picayune | NOLA.com in New Orleans on Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Photo by Chris Granger, Nola.com | The Times-Picayune) By The Associated Press Gov. John Bel Edwards' leadership team experiences a shake-up later this month, with the Democratic governor's chief of staff exiting after a year in the job and a former Jindal-era Cabinet official named to fill the position. Edwards announced Thursday (Feb. 2) that Ben Nevers, a close friend of the governor and a former state senator, is resigning as his top adviser and administrator at the end of February. Nevers is leaving shortly after a deficit-closing special legislative session. "Following my election as governor, I asked Ben to join this administration when he intended to retire to spend more time with this family. He accepted without hesitation and has done a tremendous job leading this team in our first year," the governor said in a statement. Taking over as Edwards' chief of staff will be Mark Cooper, the one-time homeland security secretary for Republican former Gov. Bobby Jindal who has worked in several emergency management roles. Cooper will start the position in the spring, with the exact date remaining to be settled. Edwards said Mark "brings a wealth of knowledge about our state to this role, and I know he'll be an invaluable asset to our state." "Mark's managerial experience will be useful as we continue to lead Louisiana to a path to prosperity." Until Cooper assumes the role, Edwards' top lawyer, Matthew Block, will work double-duty as the governor's interim chief of staff. Nevers, from Bogalusa, has been a friend of Edwards from when the two men were state lawmakers. He ran a pro-Edwards PAC during the 2015 governor's race when he was in the Senate. "Over the last year and during my time in the Legislature, I turned to Ben for guidance, support and prayers, and he has delivered on each," Edwards said. Cooper, a Bossier City native, resigned as head of the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness in July 2011, to take a job leading emergency-management efforts for Wal-Mart at its stores around the world. He's been based at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. headquarters in Arkansas for the nearly six years since then. Cooper was the GOHSEP director for more than three years, shepherding state response efforts through hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008, the Gulf Coast oil spill in 2010, Mississippi River flooding in 2011 and several tornadoes in Louisiana. "I have always had a sincere interest in the well-being of the state and have called Louisiana home," Cooper said in the statement released by Edwards' office. "I look forward to this next opportunity and supporting the governor and his team." Before joining the Jindal administration at its start in 2008, Cooper had been deputy fire chief with the Los Angeles County fire department and worked in several other Los Angeles government roles. ___ About Us About NOLA.com About NOLA Media Group Community Rules Content Partners Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Connect with the Newsroom Blog for Us Careers Submit a Correction The Times-Picayune Subscribe TP electronic edition eNewsletters Breaking news text alerts Report a wet or missing paper Make a payment, manage your account RSS Times-Picayune Store Legal notices NOLA.com Sections News Sports Entertainment Opinions Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages New Orleans St. Bernard East Jefferson West Bank Northshore/St. Tammany Plaquemines River Parishes Baton Rouge Mobile Mobile Apps | Mobile FAQ More on NOLA.com Videos Weather Webcams/Live! Site Map Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Post a job From MardiGras.com Mardi Gras news Mardi Gras parade schedule Mardi Gras events Mardi Gras history Mardi Gras photos & video Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 NOLA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of NOLA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
MENU GO 12 Watch Live more... Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners CIRCA more... News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners CIRCA Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Cooking With Amy Makeovers Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners Watch Live News Green Bay State Crime Town Hall News Fox Cities Nation & World Entertainment Tracking Terror Lakeshore Election Offbeat Auto Matters Northwoods Political Obituaries Report It FOX 11 Investigates Connect To Congress Hooked on Heroin Videos Making A Difference Livestream SkyFox Weather Radar Closings Weather Stories FOX 11 Weather App Maps Closings Signup Weather Study Guides Report It Cameras Investigates Sports Packers And NFL Brewers And MLB Bucks And NBA Local Sports Outdoors College High School Gametime Scoreboard Good Day WI Cooking With Amy Makeovers Living Recipes Featured Segments Big Night Out Tundraland Tips On Fox 11 Contact Job Finder Events FOX 11 Field House Suicide Prevention Content for a Cause TV Schedule Contests Sinclair Cares People Golden Apple Awards Report It Careers FOX 11 Partners CIRCA Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls by JULIE BYKOWICZ, Associated Press FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) AA WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order on refugees. Kalanick subsequently condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the meeting on Friday, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. didn't immediately respond when asked whether CEO Elon Musk planned to remain on Trump's business and manufacturing councils. Earlier this week, Musk asked his Twitter followers to read the immigration order and send him specific amendments he could present to the president. Musk has said that the refugee order "is not the best way to address the country's challenges." __ Associated Press writers Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. close News In Pictures Big Mac-eating world record holder reviews McDonald's new sandwich sizes Surveillance images released from Fleet Farm East theft Tooth-whitening strip theft suspect arrested in Chicago Search for armed robbery suspect continues Trending 1   Big Mac-eating world record holder reviews McDonald's new sandwich sizes 2   Tooth-whitening strip theft suspect arrested in Chicago 3   Gas leak forces morning evacuation of Kaukauna school 4   Texas day care has message for parents: 'Get off your phone' 5   Man killed in overnight crash in Lomira DON'T MISS OUT Stay Connected with WLUK Like Follow © 2016 Sinclair Broadcast Group TermsPrivacyFCC InfoEEO LOADING ShareTweet × Trending 1 Big Mac-eating world record holder reviews McDonald's new sandwich sizes 2 Tooth-whitening strip theft suspect arrested in Chicago 3 Gas leak forces morning evacuation of Kaukauna school 4 Texas day care has message for parents: 'Get off your phone' 5 Man killed in overnight crash in Lomira 6 Search for armed robbery suspect continues 7 Marathon bombing survivor engaged to man who saved her 8 Groundhog sees its shadow; Six more weeks of winter predicted 9 Job fairs set for Lodge Kohler hotel near Lambeau Field 10 Free tuition proposed for first-generation transfers
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Weekly Ads e-Edition Activate your subscription Jobs Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 12° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Sunny skies. High around 25F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear early, then a few clouds later on. Low 11F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 2, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Mahesh Kumar A. FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) AP Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls By JULIE BYKOWICZ Associated Press Feb 2, 2017 Updated 3 hrs ago 0 Mahesh Kumar A. FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Tags Wire Politics Business Government And Politics Boycotts Political And Civil Unrest General News Executive Changes Corporate Management Personnel Corporate News × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Two local McDonald’s to be rebuilt in next couple years Internet gives Avalanche Looms presence around the world Many Americans are optimistic about their finances after election Another milestone for NBC's 'This is Us' Culture makes all the difference at work Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council     By Julie Bykowicz, The Associated Press February 3, 2017 2:40 AM     Story Photos ( 1 )     FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to ‚Äúlet him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.‚Äù (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) WASHINGTON - Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *       FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to ‚Äúlet him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.‚Äù (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File)       E-mail this Gallery Print this Gallery Share this Gallery         Photo Galleries »   Leonard Cohen Photos: Leonard Cohen honoured... Leonard Cohen is honoured at the Glenn Gould Prize... more »   Gallery: Italian cruise ship disaster... Passengers leapt into the sea and fought over lifejackets... more »   Photos: Deadly winds hit U.K. One man dies as winds of over 160kph hit Britain and... more » Video: Winds batter Britain Toronto issues 'extreme' cold alert as mercury to drop to -16C   Gallery: Republican candidates... Republican presidential candidates race across Iowa... more »     More Photo Galleries »     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2017         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   Orosur Mining Inc. – Employees Exercise Options LifeSciences BC Hires New Executive Director Essar Steel Algoma's Secured Creditors Issues Statement Regarding Essar Global           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com National Politics February 2, 2017 7:10 PM Governor names new chief of staff; pick worked for Jindal By MELINDA DESLATTE Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story BATON ROUGE, La. Gov. John Bel Edwards' leadership team experiences a shake-up later this month, with the Democratic governor's chief of staff exiting after a year in the job and a former Jindal-era Cabinet official named to fill the position. Edwards announced Thursday that Ben Nevers, a close friend of the governor and a former state senator, is resigning as his top adviser and administrator at the end of February. Nevers is leaving shortly after a deficit-closing special legislative session. "Following my election as governor, I asked Ben to join this administration when he intended to retire to spend more time with this family. He accepted without hesitation and has done a tremendous job leading this team in our first year," the governor said in a statement. Taking over as Edwards' chief of staff will be Mark Cooper, the one-time homeland security secretary for Republican former Gov. Bobby Jindal who has worked in several emergency management roles. Cooper will start the position in the spring, with the exact date remaining to be settled. Edwards said Mark "brings a wealth of knowledge about our state to this role, and I know he'll be an invaluable asset to our state." "Mark's managerial experience will be useful as we continue to lead Louisiana to a path to prosperity." Until Cooper assumes the role, Edwards' top lawyer, Matthew Block, will work double-duty as the governor's interim chief of staff. Nevers, from Bogalusa, has been a friend of Edwards from when the two men were state lawmakers. He ran a pro-Edwards PAC during the 2015 governor's race when he was in the Senate. "Over the last year and during my time in the Legislature, I turned to Ben for guidance, support and prayers, and he has delivered on each," Edwards said. Cooper, a Bossier City native, resigned as head of the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness in July 2011, to take a job leading emergency-management efforts for Wal-Mart at its stores around the world. He's been based at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. headquarters in Arkansas for the nearly six years since then. Cooper was the GOHSEP director for more than three years, shepherding state response efforts through hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008, the Gulf Coast oil spill in 2010, Mississippi River flooding in 2011 and several tornadoes in Louisiana. "I have always had a sincere interest in the well-being of the state and have called Louisiana home," Cooper said in the statement released by Edwards' office. "I look forward to this next opportunity and supporting the governor and his team." Before joining the Jindal administration at its start in 2008, Cooper had been deputy fire chief with the Los Angeles County fire department and worked in several other Los Angeles government roles. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Politics Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:56 Protesters march against Trump's immigration order at Miami International Airport Pause 2:15 Kids ask Mayor Gimenez to make Miami-Dade a sanctuary county 1:17 White House: Funding to sanctuary cities a 'taxpayer issue' 1:31 South Miami guard Ezacuras Dawson talks about GMAC championship 1:19 A day with JT: A long car ride with Jason Taylor leads to Hall of Fame talk 1:55 'Cold-stunned' turtles come to the Florida Keys 1:10 Airport shooter taken to federal court for arraignment 1:01 ATV rider in 'Bikes Up, Guns Down' rally caught by the cops 0:34 Miss Universe runner-up Miss Haiti arrives in Little Haiti 0:58 Great white shark caught on video off Florida coast Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 months ago Obama hosts final Kennedy Center Honors 2:00 2 months ago Obama hosts final Kennedy Center Honors 3:26 3 months ago Watching the Watchdogs 1:45 3 months ago David Duke erupts at Louisiana U.S. Senate Debate at Dillard University View more video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Politics 2016 (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the 2016 elections and the latest national, state and local politics. View all newsletters National Politics Clip of Trump's granddaughter singing spreads on Chinese web Texas 'bathroom bill' may pose big test for sports leagues In New York refugee haven, new anxiety in age of Trump Analysis: 2016 was busiest year for targeted refugees Doctor sent to prison for phony opioid prescriptions Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Digital Edition News News Local Crime Databases Education Election Politics Nation/World Special Reports Carolina College Bound Columnists Campaign Tracker Retro Charlotte Your Schools Mark Washburn All Blogs & Columns Sports Sports Carolina Panthers Charlotte Hornets That's Racin' High Schools College Sports Charlotte Knights/MLB Other Sports Blogs & Columnists Inside the Panthers Inside the NBA Prep Insiders Scott Says All Blogs & Columns Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Banking ShopTalk Top Workplaces National Business Bank Watch What's in Store Development Earth and Energy All Blogs & Columns Living Living Religion Food & Drink Health & Family Home & Garden CLT Style Travel Living Here Guide Deal Diva Everyday Angels Blogs & Columnists I'll Bite Karen Garloch Kathleen Purvis All Blogs & Columns Entertainment Entertainment Events Movie News & Reviews Restaurants Music/Nightlife Television Books Comics Puzzles & Games Contests Media Scene Blogs & Columnists Helen Schwab Sound Bites Lawrence Toppman All Blogs & Columns Opinion Opinion Editorials Kevin Siers Letters Submit a Letter Viewpoint All Blogs & Columns Blogs & Columnists O-Pinion You Write The Caption Taylor Batten Eric Frazier Peter St. Onge Celebrations Obituaries Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Homes Classifieds Shopping Place an ad MomsCharlotte Carolina Bride Magazine Lake Norman Magazine South Park Magazine National Politics February 2, 2017 7:10 PM Governor names new chief of staff; pick worked for Jindal By MELINDA DESLATTE Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story BATON ROUGE, La. Gov. John Bel Edwards' leadership team experiences a shake-up later this month, with the Democratic governor's chief of staff exiting after a year in the job and a former Jindal-era Cabinet official named to fill the position. Edwards announced Thursday that Ben Nevers, a close friend of the governor and a former state senator, is resigning as his top adviser and administrator at the end of February. Nevers is leaving shortly after a deficit-closing special legislative session. "Following my election as governor, I asked Ben to join this administration when he intended to retire to spend more time with this family. He accepted without hesitation and has done a tremendous job leading this team in our first year," the governor said in a statement. Taking over as Edwards' chief of staff will be Mark Cooper, the one-time homeland security secretary for Republican former Gov. Bobby Jindal who has worked in several emergency management roles. Cooper will start the position in the spring, with the exact date remaining to be settled. Edwards said Mark "brings a wealth of knowledge about our state to this role, and I know he'll be an invaluable asset to our state." "Mark's managerial experience will be useful as we continue to lead Louisiana to a path to prosperity." Until Cooper assumes the role, Edwards' top lawyer, Matthew Block, will work double-duty as the governor's interim chief of staff. Nevers, from Bogalusa, has been a friend of Edwards from when the two men were state lawmakers. He ran a pro-Edwards PAC during the 2015 governor's race when he was in the Senate. "Over the last year and during my time in the Legislature, I turned to Ben for guidance, support and prayers, and he has delivered on each," Edwards said. Cooper, a Bossier City native, resigned as head of the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness in July 2011, to take a job leading emergency-management efforts for Wal-Mart at its stores around the world. He's been based at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. headquarters in Arkansas for the nearly six years since then. Cooper was the GOHSEP director for more than three years, shepherding state response efforts through hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008, the Gulf Coast oil spill in 2010, Mississippi River flooding in 2011 and several tornadoes in Louisiana. "I have always had a sincere interest in the well-being of the state and have called Louisiana home," Cooper said in the statement released by Edwards' office. "I look forward to this next opportunity and supporting the governor and his team." Before joining the Jindal administration at its start in 2008, Cooper had been deputy fire chief with the Los Angeles County fire department and worked in several other Los Angeles government roles. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Politics Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:25 Interfaith Rally Pause 3:36 Former Gov. McCrory chased down D.C. alley by people shouting 'Shame!" 1:57 Education Secretary nominee DeVos: I will be an advocate for all great schools 1:13 White House: Mexico border wall could be funded by tax on imports 5:49 Fayetteville police rescue woman and child from car trapped in flood waters live on Facebook 1:43 Constituents urge Sen. Tillis to reject Trump cabinet nominees 3:02 Alex Jenkins is the Food Dude 1:25 Ringling Bros. Circus arrives in Queen City 2:53 Police release video of fatal shooting of Michael Laney 3:36 Son Rae Carruth once wanted dead is making progress in physical therapy Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago World Hijab Day 1:07 2 days ago World Hijab Day 1:41 3 days ago Yosselin Herrera gets a chance at asylum 1:48 14 days ago Pro First Amendment Flash Mob View more video National Politics Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Afghan children direct traffic on mountain pass for $4 a day Activist: I called protesters 'freakin' morons', not mayor Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-edition Newsletters RSS Feeds Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store News in Education Published Corrections Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Get News Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping CLT Digital More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad National Politics February 2, 2017 7:10 PM Governor names new chief of staff; pick worked for Jindal By MELINDA DESLATTE Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story BATON ROUGE, La. Gov. John Bel Edwards' leadership team experiences a shake-up later this month, with the Democratic governor's chief of staff exiting after a year in the job and a former Jindal-era Cabinet official named to fill the position. Edwards announced Thursday that Ben Nevers, a close friend of the governor and a former state senator, is resigning as his top adviser and administrator at the end of February. Nevers is leaving shortly after a deficit-closing special legislative session. "Following my election as governor, I asked Ben to join this administration when he intended to retire to spend more time with this family. He accepted without hesitation and has done a tremendous job leading this team in our first year," the governor said in a statement. Taking over as Edwards' chief of staff will be Mark Cooper, the one-time homeland security secretary for Republican former Gov. Bobby Jindal who has worked in several emergency management roles. Cooper will start the position in the spring, with the exact date remaining to be settled. Edwards said Mark "brings a wealth of knowledge about our state to this role, and I know he'll be an invaluable asset to our state." "Mark's managerial experience will be useful as we continue to lead Louisiana to a path to prosperity." Until Cooper assumes the role, Edwards' top lawyer, Matthew Block, will work double-duty as the governor's interim chief of staff. Nevers, from Bogalusa, has been a friend of Edwards from when the two men were state lawmakers. He ran a pro-Edwards PAC during the 2015 governor's race when he was in the Senate. "Over the last year and during my time in the Legislature, I turned to Ben for guidance, support and prayers, and he has delivered on each," Edwards said. Cooper, a Bossier City native, resigned as head of the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness in July 2011, to take a job leading emergency-management efforts for Wal-Mart at its stores around the world. He's been based at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. headquarters in Arkansas for the nearly six years since then. Cooper was the GOHSEP director for more than three years, shepherding state response efforts through hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008, the Gulf Coast oil spill in 2010, Mississippi River flooding in 2011 and several tornadoes in Louisiana. "I have always had a sincere interest in the well-being of the state and have called Louisiana home," Cooper said in the statement released by Edwards' office. "I look forward to this next opportunity and supporting the governor and his team." Before joining the Jindal administration at its start in 2008, Cooper had been deputy fire chief with the Los Angeles County fire department and worked in several other Los Angeles government roles. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Politics Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 5:24 Gamecocks wrap win at Kentucky Pause 3:38 Timeline of Dylann Roof's trial from day of Charleston shooting to death penalty 0:37 SLED Investigates the scene of a fire on Santee Ave. in MLK Park 2:17 Will Muschamp discusses 2017 signees, recruiting strategy 2:49 Dabo Swinney: The team is Clemson's best recruiter 1:19 Settlement announced for case against Horry County Police Department 1:50 How Cromer's P-nuts became "worst in town" 1:20 Jay Urich ready to compete with rest of Gamecocks QBs 1:08 President Trump nominates Neil Gorsuch for SCOTUS justice 3:27 HB2: A timeline for North Carolina’s controversial law Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 months ago President and First Lady dance to 'Thriller' for White House trick-or-treat 2:55 3 months ago President and First Lady dance to 'Thriller' for White House trick-or-treat 2:28 a year ago VIDEO: Gun Control - Voices From Both Sides 2:17 6 hours ago Will Muschamp discusses 2017 signees, recruiting strategy View more video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters The Buzz on SC Politics A morning political news digest (1 email per day, M-F). Advertising at The State Stay up to date with our latest products and services as well as industry best practices from the advertising department (1-3 emails per week). View all newsletters National Politics Asian stocks sag after Wall Street ends little changed After Trump's refugee order, nonprofits reject federal money Philippine president ends ceasefire with communist rebels With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law Weed 101: Colorado agriculture office shares pot know-how Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Durden Traffic Cams Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Manage Subscriptions February 3, 2017 55° Dothan, AL (36303) Today Partly cloudy skies during the morning hours will become overcast in the afternoon. High 66F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Some clouds early will give way to generally clear conditions overnight. Low 39F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 2:01 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports University of Alabama Sports Auburn University Sports High School Local Recreation Troy University Sports Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Add your listing Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Durden Traffic Cams Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place A Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local AP Governor names new chief of staff; pick worked for Jindal By MELINDA DESLATTE Associated Press Feb 2, 2017 Updated 7 hrs ago (…) BATON ROUGE, La. (AP) — Gov. John Bel Edwards' leadership team experiences a shake-up later this month, with the Democratic governor's chief of staff exiting after a year in the job and a former Jindal-era Cabinet official named to fill the position. Edwards announced Thursday that Ben Nevers, a close friend of the governor and a former state senator, is resigning as his top adviser and administrator at the end of February. Nevers is leaving shortly after a deficit-closing special legislative session. "Following my election as governor, I asked Ben to join this administration when he intended to retire to spend more time with this family. He accepted without hesitation and has done a tremendous job leading this team in our first year," the governor said in a statement. Taking over as Edwards' chief of staff will be Mark Cooper, the one-time homeland security secretary for Republican former Gov. Bobby Jindal who has worked in several emergency management roles. Cooper will start the position in the spring, with the exact date remaining to be settled. Edwards said Mark "brings a wealth of knowledge about our state to this role, and I know he'll be an invaluable asset to our state." "Mark's managerial experience will be useful as we continue to lead Louisiana to a path to prosperity." Until Cooper assumes the role, Edwards' top lawyer, Matthew Block, will work double-duty as the governor's interim chief of staff. Nevers, from Bogalusa, has been a friend of Edwards from when the two men were state lawmakers. He ran a pro-Edwards PAC during the 2015 governor's race when he was in the Senate. "Over the last year and during my time in the Legislature, I turned to Ben for guidance, support and prayers, and he has delivered on each," Edwards said. Cooper, a Bossier City native, resigned as head of the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness in July 2011, to take a job leading emergency-management efforts for Wal-Mart at its stores around the world. He's been based at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. headquarters in Arkansas for the nearly six years since then. Cooper was the GOHSEP director for more than three years, shepherding state response efforts through hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008, the Gulf Coast oil spill in 2010, Mississippi River flooding in 2011 and several tornadoes in Louisiana. "I have always had a sincere interest in the well-being of the state and have called Louisiana home," Cooper said in the statement released by Edwards' office. "I look forward to this next opportunity and supporting the governor and his team." Before joining the Jindal administration at its start in 2008, Cooper had been deputy fire chief with the Los Angeles County fire department and worked in several other Los Angeles government roles. ___ Follow Melinda Deslatte on Twitter at http://twitter.com/melindadeslatte Tags General News National Security Military And Defense Government And Politics Emergency Management State Governments Political Resignations Cabinets State Legislature Legislature Locations Louisiana United States North America Popular Missing Enterprise teens found safe Service dog killed; EPD seeking suspects No Toadlick in 2017 Falcons' star Julio Jones wears bracelet in memory of Dothan's Savoy Jones Troy could land one of top classes in school history Fridays a treat for Sweet Crumbs bakery owner Two teens reported missing in Enterprise located and safe The Thirsty Pig brings beer growler refills to Dothan Dothan Police: Sexting becoming a local epidemic More Wiregrass teens facing sex crime charges for not knowing the law Videos Featured Businesses Bryant's Outdoor Equipment 2200 S Brannon Stand Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-4419 Beltone 2115 Denton Rd, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36303 334-712-6778 Hearing Associates Of Dothan 1891 Honeysuckle Rd, Dothan, AL 36305 334-702-4327 Bondy's Ford Lincoln 3615 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-5171 Vehicles McLeod's Publick House 5540 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-648-1912 House of Flowers 1728 W Main St, Ste 2, Dothan, AL 36301 334-699-1800 Capps & Associates PC 170 S Oates St, Dothan, AL 36301 334-678-7994 Jim Skinner Honda 3823 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-671-8100 Derrel's Sewing and Vacuum Center 2507 Montgomery Highway, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-0824 Highland Oaks Golf Course 904 Royal Pkwy, Dothan, AL 36305 334-792-4235 Alabama Eye Physicians & Surgeons 5937 W Main St, Dothan , AL 36305 334-446-0872 Billy Lawrence Buick GMC 525 Kirkland St, Abbeville, AL 36310 334-585-3551 Bondy's Nissan 3693 W Main St, Dothan, AL 36305 334-794-6736 The Dothan Eagle 227 N Oates St, Dothan, AL 36303 334-792-3141 Coupons Miles of Flowers 4143 W Main St, Ste 5, Dothan, AL 36305 334-699-5773 All Metal Building Systems 409 S Broad St, Cowarts, AL 36321 800-440-1307 Center for Vein Restoration 3280 Ross Clark Cir, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9494 Miracle-Ear of Dothan - Southern Hearing 4440 W Main St, Ste 3, Dothan, AL 36305 334-377-4065 Conestoga Steak House 3549 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-794-4445 Stokes Floor Covering 4064 Ross Clark Cir , Dothan, AL 36330 334-635-0874 The Slice Pizza and More 1574 S Eufaula Ave, Eufaula, AL 36027 334-687-8007 KT's Tavern 168 S Foster St, Dothan, AL 36301 Bama Rv 5386 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-678-9510 US Mobile Homes of Alabama 5214 Montgomery Hwy, Dothan, AL 36303 334-983-5658 Ronnie’s Men’s and Boys’ Wear Inc 33 S Broad St, Ste 1, Cowarts, AL 36321 334-677-1530 Subscriber Services Dothan Eagle Subscriber Services e-Edition online Subscriber log-in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Manage subscription Sections News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact Information dothaneagle.com 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Phone: 334-792-3141 Email: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Follow Us Dothan Eagle, Dothan AL ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections 2016 Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad National Politics February 2, 2017 7:10 PM Governor names new chief of staff; pick worked for Jindal By MELINDA DESLATTE Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story BATON ROUGE, La. Gov. John Bel Edwards' leadership team experiences a shake-up later this month, with the Democratic governor's chief of staff exiting after a year in the job and a former Jindal-era Cabinet official named to fill the position. Edwards announced Thursday that Ben Nevers, a close friend of the governor and a former state senator, is resigning as his top adviser and administrator at the end of February. Nevers is leaving shortly after a deficit-closing special legislative session. "Following my election as governor, I asked Ben to join this administration when he intended to retire to spend more time with this family. He accepted without hesitation and has done a tremendous job leading this team in our first year," the governor said in a statement. Taking over as Edwards' chief of staff will be Mark Cooper, the one-time homeland security secretary for Republican former Gov. Bobby Jindal who has worked in several emergency management roles. Cooper will start the position in the spring, with the exact date remaining to be settled. Edwards said Mark "brings a wealth of knowledge about our state to this role, and I know he'll be an invaluable asset to our state." "Mark's managerial experience will be useful as we continue to lead Louisiana to a path to prosperity." Until Cooper assumes the role, Edwards' top lawyer, Matthew Block, will work double-duty as the governor's interim chief of staff. Nevers, from Bogalusa, has been a friend of Edwards from when the two men were state lawmakers. He ran a pro-Edwards PAC during the 2015 governor's race when he was in the Senate. "Over the last year and during my time in the Legislature, I turned to Ben for guidance, support and prayers, and he has delivered on each," Edwards said. Cooper, a Bossier City native, resigned as head of the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness in July 2011, to take a job leading emergency-management efforts for Wal-Mart at its stores around the world. He's been based at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. headquarters in Arkansas for the nearly six years since then. Cooper was the GOHSEP director for more than three years, shepherding state response efforts through hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008, the Gulf Coast oil spill in 2010, Mississippi River flooding in 2011 and several tornadoes in Louisiana. "I have always had a sincere interest in the well-being of the state and have called Louisiana home," Cooper said in the statement released by Edwards' office. "I look forward to this next opportunity and supporting the governor and his team." Before joining the Jindal administration at its start in 2008, Cooper had been deputy fire chief with the Los Angeles County fire department and worked in several other Los Angeles government roles. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Politics Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:57 The memorable Super Bowl commercial brands you won't see this year Pause 0:26 Police respond to reported shooting 0:37 Snow causes hazardous driving conditions 1:26 Watch highlights from Penn State's win 1:33 Students hold #NotMyPresident protest at Penn State 8:54 Last Word: Arnold Palmer 2:20 Chelsea Clinton rallies supporters in State College 0:57 Local students give back at annual Helping Hands Fair 1:30 Super Bowl 51: Players to Watch 1:22 Coach Franklin on 4-star recruit Thorpe: 'He's an offensive linemen with a nastiness to him' Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 months ago Trump jokes about dad's female supporters 1:26 3 months ago Trump jokes about dad's female supporters 2:20 5 months ago Chelsea Clinton rallies supporters in State College 2:57 18 hours ago The memorable Super Bowl commercial brands you won't see this year View more video National Politics Global stocks higher after Wall Street ends little changed Philippine president ends ceasefire with communist rebels Rhode Island House speaker silent on Trump immigration order Court upholds competency ruling in 1997 kidnapping case Providence opposes sale of city water for power plant Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Elections 2016 Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Politics February 2, 2017 7:10 PM Governor names new chief of staff; pick worked for Jindal By MELINDA DESLATTE Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story BATON ROUGE, La. Gov. John Bel Edwards' leadership team experiences a shake-up later this month, with the Democratic governor's chief of staff exiting after a year in the job and a former Jindal-era Cabinet official named to fill the position. Edwards announced Thursday that Ben Nevers, a close friend of the governor and a former state senator, is resigning as his top adviser and administrator at the end of February. Nevers is leaving shortly after a deficit-closing special legislative session. "Following my election as governor, I asked Ben to join this administration when he intended to retire to spend more time with this family. He accepted without hesitation and has done a tremendous job leading this team in our first year," the governor said in a statement. Taking over as Edwards' chief of staff will be Mark Cooper, the one-time homeland security secretary for Republican former Gov. Bobby Jindal who has worked in several emergency management roles. Cooper will start the position in the spring, with the exact date remaining to be settled. Edwards said Mark "brings a wealth of knowledge about our state to this role, and I know he'll be an invaluable asset to our state." "Mark's managerial experience will be useful as we continue to lead Louisiana to a path to prosperity." Until Cooper assumes the role, Edwards' top lawyer, Matthew Block, will work double-duty as the governor's interim chief of staff. Nevers, from Bogalusa, has been a friend of Edwards from when the two men were state lawmakers. He ran a pro-Edwards PAC during the 2015 governor's race when he was in the Senate. "Over the last year and during my time in the Legislature, I turned to Ben for guidance, support and prayers, and he has delivered on each," Edwards said. Cooper, a Bossier City native, resigned as head of the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness in July 2011, to take a job leading emergency-management efforts for Wal-Mart at its stores around the world. He's been based at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. headquarters in Arkansas for the nearly six years since then. Cooper was the GOHSEP director for more than three years, shepherding state response efforts through hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008, the Gulf Coast oil spill in 2010, Mississippi River flooding in 2011 and several tornadoes in Louisiana. "I have always had a sincere interest in the well-being of the state and have called Louisiana home," Cooper said in the statement released by Edwards' office. "I look forward to this next opportunity and supporting the governor and his team." Before joining the Jindal administration at its start in 2008, Cooper had been deputy fire chief with the Los Angeles County fire department and worked in several other Los Angeles government roles. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Politics Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 3:53 Carolina Forest girls dominant in win over Socastee Pause 2:04 Bicyclists participate in weekly Light Up The Night Ride 0:29 Police investigate shots fired near Seaboard Street 3:56 21 recipients honored with Presidential Medal of Freedom 3:58 Comedian/bartender Jimmy Mathieu talks life and the Texas Top Shelf Margarita at Suck Bang Blow | Hot Pour 1:17 White House: Updates to immigration ban to allow permanent residents into U.S. without waiver 1:28 Back to Football in Myrtle Beach 2:15 Clarissa Pittelli talks teaching first grade at Ocean Bay Elementary 2:06 Turbeville Speeding tickets are illegal claims Brett Bursey 1:20 Mother and daughter going to DC during inauguration Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 months ago Melania Trump and Michelle Obama convention speeches back-to-back 1:47 6 months ago Melania Trump and Michelle Obama convention speeches back-to-back 2:54 6 months ago Melania Trump delivers primetime speech at Republican National Convention 1:02 6 months ago Trump protesters and supporters hold dueling rallies on day one of the RNC View more video National Politics Clip of Trump's granddaughter singing spreads on Chinese web Texas 'bathroom bill' may pose big test for sports leagues In New York refugee haven, new anxiety in age of Trump Analysis: 2016 was busiest year for targeted refugees Doctor sent to prison for phony opioid prescriptions Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists Elections 2016 PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals National Politics February 2, 2017 7:10 PM Governor names new chief of staff; pick worked for Jindal By MELINDA DESLATTE Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story BATON ROUGE, La. Gov. John Bel Edwards' leadership team experiences a shake-up later this month, with the Democratic governor's chief of staff exiting after a year in the job and a former Jindal-era Cabinet official named to fill the position. Edwards announced Thursday that Ben Nevers, a close friend of the governor and a former state senator, is resigning as his top adviser and administrator at the end of February. Nevers is leaving shortly after a deficit-closing special legislative session. "Following my election as governor, I asked Ben to join this administration when he intended to retire to spend more time with this family. He accepted without hesitation and has done a tremendous job leading this team in our first year," the governor said in a statement. Taking over as Edwards' chief of staff will be Mark Cooper, the one-time homeland security secretary for Republican former Gov. Bobby Jindal who has worked in several emergency management roles. Cooper will start the position in the spring, with the exact date remaining to be settled. Edwards said Mark "brings a wealth of knowledge about our state to this role, and I know he'll be an invaluable asset to our state." "Mark's managerial experience will be useful as we continue to lead Louisiana to a path to prosperity." Until Cooper assumes the role, Edwards' top lawyer, Matthew Block, will work double-duty as the governor's interim chief of staff. Nevers, from Bogalusa, has been a friend of Edwards from when the two men were state lawmakers. He ran a pro-Edwards PAC during the 2015 governor's race when he was in the Senate. "Over the last year and during my time in the Legislature, I turned to Ben for guidance, support and prayers, and he has delivered on each," Edwards said. Cooper, a Bossier City native, resigned as head of the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness in July 2011, to take a job leading emergency-management efforts for Wal-Mart at its stores around the world. He's been based at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. headquarters in Arkansas for the nearly six years since then. Cooper was the GOHSEP director for more than three years, shepherding state response efforts through hurricanes Gustav and Ike in 2008, the Gulf Coast oil spill in 2010, Mississippi River flooding in 2011 and several tornadoes in Louisiana. "I have always had a sincere interest in the well-being of the state and have called Louisiana home," Cooper said in the statement released by Edwards' office. "I look forward to this next opportunity and supporting the governor and his team." Before joining the Jindal administration at its start in 2008, Cooper had been deputy fire chief with the Los Angeles County fire department and worked in several other Los Angeles government roles. Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Politics Suggested for you   Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:32 President-elect Donald Trump arrives in Washington Pause 1:14 Why grow organic? 1:43 Constituents urge Sen. Tillis to reject Trump cabinet nominees 0:24 Preparing NC high school students for college courses 1:19 Pitmaster Ed Mitchell explains his passion for barbecue 3:38 Under the Dome: First day of the legislative session 3:33 Former Gov. McCrory chased down D.C. alley by people shouting 'Shame!' 2:19 Google Fiber hosts grand opening of Raleigh Fiber Space 1:56 Museum of History celebrates Black History Month 1:57 Education Secretary nominee DeVos: I will be an advocate for all great schools Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 hours ago Stephen Miller warms up crowd of Trump supporters 8:37 5 hours ago Stephen Miller warms up crowd of Trump supporters 1:06 11 hours ago Violence at Berkeley protest forces cancellation of Breitbart editor's talk 1:15 a day ago Trump endorses use of ‘nuclear option’ to confirm his Supreme Court pick View more video National Politics Chicago sued for banning ads in ride-share vehicles New bill would let teens join Illinois organ donor registry Colorado rancher loses appeal in pesticides case 7 confirmed dead in eastern China housing collapse GOP-backed proposal would tighten voter initiative methods Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 34° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 29° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite 11 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Featured: Presidential Inauguration Latest Headlines Romania: justice minister stands by diluted graft law Updated: 11 mins ago BUCHAREST, Romania (AP) — Romania’s justice minister says he stands by a law diluting the country’s anti-corruption fight, defying strong cr… With unity elusive, GOP talks more of repairing health law Updated: 31 mins ago WASHINGTON (AP) — While insisting they’ve not abandoned their goal of repealing President Barack Obama’s health care overhaul, Republicans a… Trump moves toward a tougher line on Israeli settlements Updated: 31 mins ago Israeli leader vows new settlement as outpost is dismantled Updated: 41 mins ago Portugal foreign minister wants close future ties with UK Updated: 41 mins ago Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 34° F Overcast Feels Like: 23° F Wind: E 18 Humidity: 50% Dewpoint: 17° F Sunrise: 7:30 AM Sunset: 5:19 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 34° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 29° F Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls JULIE BYKOWICZ, The Associated Press Published: February 2, 2017, 3:16 pm Updated: February 2, 2017, 8:26 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump’s council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he’d spoken with Trump on Thursday to “let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.” His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won’t attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO’s schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is “designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner,” according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country’s refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York’s John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. “This is not a ‘seat at the table’ moment. This is a flip-the-table moment,” said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign “Grab Your Wallet.” Other forum members said they’d keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. “He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity,” said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he’d attend. He said he and others on the council “will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy.” __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Advertisement Comments are closed. Advertisement Today's Forecast Cold & Wind Continue...Freezing Rain Still a Threat for Parts of Metro Friday Morning February 2, 2017 Snow, Freezing Rain Possible Late Week Trending Stories on KOIN.com Follow KOIN 6 Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 1998-2017 KOIN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Israel Donald Trump Ivanka Trump Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather The Royals Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls In this April 29, 2014 file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick arrives at the 2014 TIME 100 Gala in New York. (Photo by Evan Agostini / Invision / AP, File) Julie Bykowicz, The Associated Press Published Thursday, February 2, 2017 6:45PM EST Last Updated Thursday, February 2, 2017 11:14PM EST WASHINGTON - Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump - specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration - has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." ----- Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Related Stories Uber CEO challenged for Trump connection after immigrant ban Tech CEOs protest Trump immigration ban Photos The Uber logo is seen in front of protesting taxi drivers at the Montreal courthouse, on February 2, 2016. (THE CANADIAN PRESS / Ryan Remiorz) Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Thursday, Feb. 2, 2017 Air Date: February 2, 2017 false Is fellow officer partly responsible for tragedy? Air Date: February 2, 2017 false CTV Ottawa: Cyclist, driver confrontation charges Air Date: February 2, 2017 CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News More news from Business Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street shows little change Snap, owner of messaging app teens love, files for IPO Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman Nordstrom to drop Ivanka Trump's clothing, accessories line U.S. revises Russia sanctions for electronics exports Uber chief quits Trump business council amid boycott calls Join the conversation... Advertisement Sponsored Preparing for a vacation: How to get from dream to destination Sponsored Saving for your child's education without losing any sleep BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Christine Tan's Top Picks _ WATCH: Christine Tan discusses Samsung _ WATCH: Christine Tan discusses Infosys Ltd _ WATCH: Christine Tan discusses Tencent Holdings CTV News Video Network false Thousands gather to pay tribute at first funeral for victims CTV News CTV News CTV News CTV News Most Popular Stories 1 Schwarzenegger responds to Trump jab: 'Why don't we switch jobs?' 1 2 In major shift, Trump warns Israel against new settlements 3 Search continues for missing filmmaker as friends, family work to 'bring him home' 10 4 Canada's groundhogs predict an early spring 5 5 Inuk singer says Facebook suspended her account over seal fur photo 6 Kellie Leitch's campaign manager Nick Kouvalis resigns 7 Baby bump: Beyonce breaks Instagram record with pregnancy photo 8 Former Mint employee who hid stolen gold in rectum sentenced to 30 months 2 9 As Quebec shooting victims mourned, Montreal mosque vandalized 18 10 Trump calls for negotiations on NAFTA as soon as May 2 Don't Miss false Terminator, Trump trade jabs over 'Apprentice' ratings false Attention bacon lovers! Shortage expected to increase price false Video of Nova Scotia senior strutting her stuff goes viral You will need to enable JavaScript in order to use the Widget. CANADA Charity to plant thousands of tree to help green up fire-ravaged Fort McMurray As Quebec shooting victims mourned, Montreal mosque vandalized Judge to rule in B.C. child bride case centred on sect's polygamous beliefs WORLD U.S. preparing new sanctions for Iran over missile test: AP Afghan children direct traffic on mountain pass for $4 a day U.S. threatens 'overwhelming' response if North Korea uses nuclear weapons ENTERTAINMENT Ryan Reynolds being honoured at Harvard George Orwell's '1984' coming to Broadway Baby bump: Beyonce breaks Instagram record with pregnancy photo HEALTH Doctors use 3D-printed hearts to prepare for surgery on children British Columbia oysters may be making Ontarians ill, health official warns Canada's largest cancer charities officially merge POLITICS Kellie Leitch's campaign manager Nick Kouvalis resigns Halifax shipyard says warship 'gap' could result in layoffs without federal help Canada to stand up for abortion rights in face of Trump's gag rule SCI-TECH Scientists develop wearable AI system that detects the tone of conversations King of the zoo: liger cub Tsar is Russian hit Meet the 72 candidates shortlisted for two Canadian astronaut jobs BUSINESS Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street shows little change Snap, owner of messaging app teens love, files for IPO Amazon increasingly wants to be its own deliveryman AUTOS Honda profit jumps on cost cuts World Car of the Year finalists announced Ferrari 2016 profits soar as sales top 8,000 vehicles SPORTS NBA scores: Popovich ties career wins record as Spurs hammer 76ers Basketball moves closer to ending ban on religious headgear Jen Kish returns to boost Canada in 26-5 rout of France in rugby sevens Lifestyle Riccardo Tisci exiting Givenchy after nearly 12 years 'Queen of Chess' abandons Gibraltar match to protest pairing Listeria prompts recall of Ruth's Salads pimento spread CTV News on the Go false News Minute: Leitch campaign manager calls it quits Matter of the heart: How 3D printing helps surgeons Terminator, Trump at war over ratings In Pictures   Funeral for victims killed in mosque attack Hundreds protest against Trump's travel ban Homes of the Month: $500K across Canada Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Bell Media Television Back to top
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds Commentary NewsFeed 5,321 272 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Military Stateside commissary savings now redefined By Tom Philpott From page B10 | February 05, 2017 Year after year, the Defense Commissary Agency told Congress and store patrons that commissary shoppers saved an average of at least 30 percent on brand name groceries over prices in commercial stores and supermarkets. The claim lost some credibility over time with the rise of big box discounters and retail supercenters. Also, DeCA’s price-tracking methodology lost support in Congress and at the Pentagon amid a push to transform commissaries into more business-like operations, using commercial tools such as variable pricing and private-label brands to try to reduce DeCA’s $1.3 billion annual appropriation. DeCA officials now concede the 30-percent savings figure didn’t include price comparisons at Walmart Supercenters. Nor did it consider the popularity of private label goods that outside grocers find so profitable. Nor did DeCA adjust its own estimates to give greater weight to products in highest demand with lower savings. On Monday, in response to a congressional mandate, DeCA released new set of “baseline” estimates of commissary savings that reflect these factors and more. Without reducing the value of the shopping benefit, DeCA says, it has redefined how it measures savings. Global savings across all 238 commissaries, are calculated now at 23.7 percent and savings stateside at 20.2 percent. At 61 overseas commissaries, average savings are 44.2 percent against local food prices. To be able to shift to variable pricing, DeCA also is publishing average savings by seven U.S. commissary regions. The 36 commissaries operating on New England bases, for instance, provide average savings of 21.4 percent. Across 30 commissaries in the South Atlantic states, savings average 19.9 percent. The combined region of Alaska/Hawaii, with nine commissaries, offers the highest savings for patrons at 32.6 percent. Twenty commissaries in the Rocky Mountain region, which runs south from the Canadian border through Arizona and New Mexico, had the lowest savings of 17.6 percent compared to prices off base. The Pacific coastline states, with 31 commissaries, provide average savings of 20.9 percent while 18 military grocery stores in North Central states save shoppers an average of 20.2 percent. “This enhanced way of calculating savings doesn’t change the actual dollars that patrons save, but it will give patrons a better understanding of price comparisons in their local area,” said DeCA Director Joseph H. Jeu in a press released Monday unveiling revised savings estimates. A day later Jeu announced that, effective June 3, he will retire after six-and-a-half years at DeCA’s helm and more than 38 years’ total federal service. “The transformation is well on its way and the right people are in place to see it through,” said Jeu’s statement on Tuesday said. Military exchange executives, said industry sources, were surprised and upset by DeCA’s announcement on the new baseline savings. Exchange directors have argued for years that their own store traffic and sales performance are linked to the popularity of commissaries, and commissary sales are falling. Since last October, start of fiscal year 2017, DeCA sales are down 7.6 percent and by more than 10.5 percent in January compared to January last year. “It’s just really bleak,” said one representatives for manufacturers serving the military resale system. “If your sales are down, the last thing you want to do is send out a press release saying that people are saving 10 percent less than they thought they were. That’s just going to drive sales way down.” Some might challenge Jeu’s timing but he was on the clock. Congress first ordered DeCA to produce more realistic baseline savings, including across regions, in 2015. The due date to report was March 2016 so DeCA was 11 months late. Brooke Goldberg, director of family policy and spouse programs for Military Officers Association of America, said senior defense officials have given assurances if the revised savings rate “drops even 1 percent, DeCA will begin evaluating a corrective measure.” The hope is that a more granular approach to tracking savings will “be good for patrons as it provides a more definitive benchmark on a regional basis rather than national scale,” Goldberg said. Some advocates for military families fear that the mere perception of lower savings could put commissaries at greater risk, despite DeCA’s vow that it only has clarified current savings in order to preserve them through the changes ahead. “I do think it means less certainty for families moving forward,” said Eileen Huck, government relations deputy director for National Military Family Association. “Families have always been told they could expect a certain level of savings when shopping at the commissary, regardless of where they happened to be stationed. “Now the rules of the game have changed somewhat. Although DeCA has stated its commitment to preserving this new level of savings, there are many more factors in play” including variable pricing of products and introduction of DeCA-branded products later this year. So, said Huck, “it is fair for families to question what this will mean for the value of the commissary benefit in the long run.” For years, DeCA measured shopper savings by comparing a 26-week average of brand name prices, always set at cost, against average market prices across the country. It used Nielsen price data and filled in any gaps – for Alaska, Hawaii and overseas – with limited manual price comparisons in those locales. That method of calculating savings for 38,000 branded items at the national level has been replaced by a new method more suited to the transformation. “We are adding more geographic specificity, since cost of living varies by region,” said a DeCA official. “Adding a regional savings level will provide a better sense for how much our patrons save by shopping at their local commissary, compared to retailers in their particular region.” DeCA has also updated the products it uses for our price comparisons, emphasizing “the most common patron purchases” within sales categories like produce or meat. The new savings benchmark also takes into consideration patron purchases at local commercial grocers, as manually gathered in every region. Critics have raised concerns about how DeCA is relying more heavily now on “clipboard” pricing methods rather than Nielsen data to benchmark local savings across regions. But the greater worry is how patrons will react to the results. “It certainly has the potential to adversely affect patronage,” said Tom Gordy, president of the Armed Forces Marketing Council. “But what I think people have to fully understand is the prices have not changed. It’s just the way the savings are calculated has changed.” Another industry analyst was more skeptical, suggesting new baseline savings leave headroom for Defense officials or Congress to slash DeCA’s $1.3 budget while still claiming to preserve customer savings. He also pointed to a new Government Accountability Office report on DoD construction projects that showed DeCA surcharge dollars used to fund only one construction project in fiscal 2015. “Construction is the best manifestation of the health of the resale system,” he said. “This report indicates that the system might already be faltering.” To comment, write Military Update, P.O. Box 231111, Centreville, VA, 20120 or email milupdate@aol.com or tweet @Military_Update. Tom Philpott Story Archive @Military_Update on Twitter LEAVE A COMMENT Leave a Reply Cancel reply Discussion | 3 comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. JimboFebruary 02, 2017 - 4:21 pm Every time I go on base looking to 'save' I leave empty handed and find better and less expensive all around, even at mom and pop shops. (I avoid Sprawlmart) And groceries, even Nugget in VV is cheaper on many items and they are a high end store.Reply | Report abusive comment Old truckFebruary 02, 2017 - 5:17 pm Back in the early 70's, it was a given that if you shopped at the commissary or exchange, you saved money. That was the only place the wife and I shopped. I don't know what happened to the system. Every time I go to the Travis Exchange, they're moving things around and remodeling. I price their big appliances and I can't imagine anyone buying a refrigerator or washer there. The commissary is a little better. The prices are ok but then you get nicked by a surcharge. I see a lot of inefficiency at the commissary. They have a self checkout with 6 stations, but usually 2 of them are not working. And this is overseen by 2 employees. The local Walmart has 8 stations at their self checkout and it's overseen by one employee. I'll bet if you polled military people, most of them will say they shop at Walmart. I think the commissary/exchange system has become one of those sacred cows, like the postal system. Something that is broke, but no one has the guts to fix it.Reply | Report abusive comment VetalsoFebruary 02, 2017 - 7:25 pm The Commissary store has become an example of what is wrong with most government undertakings. Overstaffed, with people who have tenure but no real experience in the industry. The produce department is terrible. The Exchange is worse, also overstaffed with people who don't know merchandising. Constant rearrangement and escalating prices. The clothing is slick, hip, cool, and very overpriced. The rest of the stuff is also overpriced or lacking in real quality. Both are benefits we earned which are now lost. Sad....Reply | Report abusive comment Recent Articles Rail Arts District forms in Napa, first mural complete Solano high school students compete for national poetry honors Golden Dragon Acrobats stop in Vallejo for four shows ‘In My Dreams’ opens at Lawler House Gallery Week in preview: Feb. 3-9, 2017 Community Calendar: Feb. 3, 2017 Barnes & Noble a haven in Fairfield News org threatens to sue Oakland over records on fatal fire Record $466M spent on California ballot measures Mexico exports no longer just avocados, tequila Man sent back to Iran under Trump travel ban returns to US Coal ash pits: Duke Energy tells neighbors to waive claims Drought-easing California snow heaviest in 22 years US nonprofits reject funds to fight extremism due to Trump Maria Trinidad Antonio Trump’s ‘sanctuary city’ order splits red and blue states Berkeley chaos spurs questions at birthplace of free speech Court revives suit over government pesticide approvals Carl S. Everett My speech problem is starting to interfer with my job Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Stars and Stripes 02-02-17 Home Seller 01-28-2017 Stars and Stripes 01-26-2017 Home Seller 01-21-2017 Coupons and More: January 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Shop Local 2016 Local Cravings Menu Guide Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Women Making a Difference 2016 Readers’ Choice 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 27° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Valentine's Day Winter Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs NassauLong Island ‘Bring back McHebes’ sign reappears on ‘Barstool Rundown’ Updated February 2, 2017 7:23 PM By Rachel Uda  rachel.uda@newsday.com Reprints + - An audience member at a Houston taping of the Comedy Central show "The Barstool Rundown" holds up a sign for the shuttered Long Island bar McHebes on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. Photo Credit: ComedyCentral.com advertisement | advertise on newsday A Long Island man paid tribute to a now-closed college bar during Wednesday’s episode of “The Barstool Rundown” on Comedy Central. While in the crowd at a taping of the talk show in Houston this week, Jorge Silva, 25, of Dix Hills, lifted a sign with a simple message: “Bring Back McHebes.” Most Popular Mangano's overhaul created $1.7B property tax shift Cops: 3 pedestrians hit by car near Walmart Agency releases ex-party chair after tax evasion arrest TV dedication leads to web buzz about LI man Critics: Hooper holding up anti-poverty funds The popular Hempstead bar was largely frequented by Hofstra University students. Bartenders at McHebes had been charged in September 2015 with serving alcohol to an underage undercover officer, Hempstead and Nassau County police said, and it later closed. Long Island. STAND UP #barstoolrundown #ownthemoon pic.twitter.com/Qmy5IIngSh— Ria (@InternRia) February 2, 2017 Past patrons of the bar have grieved its closing on social media ever since. “I don’t think anyone over the age of 19 can truly claim to be from Long Island if they didn’t go to McHebes often,” Silva wrote in an email, calling it “a huge loss for the culture of Long Island.” His sign quickly caught the eye of social media users. advertisement | advertise on newsday Twitter user @InternRia shared a screenshot of Silva’s sign early Wednesday, and the post generated nearly 800 likes and more than 250 retweets as of Wednesday afternoon. “Who’s holding the Bring back Mchebes sign on the @barstoolsports show right now? Props to you,” tweeted user @JoshS395 on Wednesday. An audience member at a Houston taping of the Comedy Central show "Barstool Sports" holds up a sign for the shuttered Long Island bar McHebes on Wednesday, Feb. 1, 2017. Photo Credit: ComedyCentral.com But even before Wednesday’s TV appearance, Twitter has served as a regular forum for cries of nostalgia for the bar and for those hoping it’ll return. Tweets by @Newsday “RIP McHebes,” Twitter user @meaghann_carr wrote on Dec. 8, 2016, with the hashtag #bringthemallback and the names of several other area bars that have closed. “Will this be the year McHebes comes back” @MagicKitty_316 tweeted on Jan. 1. The bar’s memory was also celebrated in September during the first presidential debate at Hofstra after a man held up a “Bring Back McHebes” sign during a broadcast of “The O’Reilly Factor” on Fox News. When asked why the McHebes sign has sparked so much interest, Silva said he believes it’s a “rallying cry” for Long Island millennials. “It all comes back to how much that place meant to Long Islanders,” he wrote. Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Mangano's overhaul created $1.7B property tax shift How does your Nassau tax bill compare to others? LIA to NY: Help Islanders return to Coliseum Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Valentine's Day Winter Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
9to5Google 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Mac iOS AAPL Guides iPhone iPad Apple Watch Apple TV Mac Apps Community Cashback/Fix Cash Back Fix Trending in Apple Final Cut Pro Diary: A video novice takes the step up from iMovie Trending in Apple How to turn the 2016 MacBook Pro into a Windows gaming machine using the compact Akitio Thunder3 + GTX 1050 Ti [Video] Trending in Apple Smart Home Diary: Getting started with HomeKit Trending in Apple What’s next for iOS? We break down rumored Siri updates, Dark/Theatre Modes, AR features & much more Trending in Apple Opinion: An Apple display with built-in eGPU could be a smart move right now Trending in Apple Hands-on: Turbo charge your MacBook Pro graphics performance with the Akitio Node eGPU over Thunderbolt 3 [Video] February 1 AAPL: 128.75 7.40 9to5Toys Last Call: LG 34-inch Widescreen Monitor $549, Sony Bluetooth Headphones $45, Pad & Quill Accessory Sale, more Trevor Daugherty - Feb. 1st 2017 9:30 am PT @trevorjd14 Deals View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Review: The Mobvoi Ticwatch 2 is one of the few great entry-level smartwatches left, and it’s on sale right now Great for students or kids: Apple refurb 21-inch iMac 1.6GHz/8GB/1TB $839 (Orig. $1,099) This fan-made Mega Man 2.5D game adds a whole new perspective to the Blue Bomber Jollylook is the Polaroid instant camera for vintage-enthusiasts Free PS Plus Games for February: LittleBigPlanet3, Not a Hero, Starwhal, TorqueL, and more Spigen Power Accessories for your Smartphone 33% off: 3350mAH Power Bank $8, more Hoover’s best-selling WindTunnel 3 Pet Bagless Upright Vacuum is down to $97 Logitech’s new Spotlight Remote brings Apple design-cues to a presentation near you Own these Disney classics in digital HD for as little as $5: Honey I Shrunk the Kids, more Airbus is building an incredible flying electric taxi and we’re freaking out [Video] Comixology Digital Comics for Free: Wolverine, Winter Soldier, & more Marvel favorites Get in the Cloud with this QNAP mini 4-bay Diskless NAS for $365 shipped (Reg $529) Green Deals: BLACK+DECKER 16-inch Cordless 40V Electric Lawn Mower $250 shipped, more Daily Deals: LG 34-inch IPS LED Monitor w/ USB Hub $549, Onkyo 7.2-Ch Receiver + $50 Newegg Gift Card $349, more Sony’s affordable Bluetooth Wireless Headphones have solid ratings, back at all-time low of $45 shipped (Reg. $70+) Pad & Quill 20% off all leather/linen iPad gear: Author Series Case $81, Valet Leather iPad Pro Bag $113, more Take nearly $200 off Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro 512GB w/ Touch Bar: $1,800 shipped (Reg. $1,999) One (incredibly) lucky 9to5Toys reader will get a chance to own this NES Classic Zelda Edition Console Bundle for free! Secret of Mana goes 50% off: the iOS version of the SNES classic is now just $4 (Reg. $8) App Store Free App of the Week: Water Minder Hydration Reminder app goes free (Reg. $3) The unique image manipulation app Bazaart goes free on iOS for the first time in years (Reg. $5) The Pixelmator image editor for iOS is now matching its all-time low at $1 (Reg. $5) RollerCoaster Tycoon 3 drops to its lowest price ever on the App Store: $2 (Reg. $5) Review: Fabriq is a tiny (and affordable) AirPlay speaker with Amazon’s Alexa Voice Service [Video] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY: This All-in-One Canon PIXMA Photo Inkjet Printer w/ AirPrint is only $35 shipped (Reg. $50) Jabra Sport Pulse Bluetooth Headset with Built-In Heart Rate Monitor $65 (Reg. $108), more Add the complete series to your collection: The Office $46 or Parks and Rec $27 Pioneer’s Andrew Jones Bookshelf Speakers are on sale for Prime members: $90(Reg. $130) Games/Apps: The Last Guardian gets its first price drop from $32, GTA V $30, freebies, more Kindle First eBook freebies for February: Signature Wounds, Only the Truth, Extracted, and more! Amazon has the unlocked BLU VIVO 5R Android Smartphone w/ a 5.5″ Display & 4G LTE at $150 The HAMMERHEAD 4V Rechargeable Screwdriver & 9-Pc. Bit Kit is on sale for $20 Prime shipped MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: Timbuk2 Sale – take up to 60% off our favorite styles: MacBook Messenger Bags, Backpacks, Luggage and more! Jaybird’s popular X3 Bluetooth Sport Earbuds drop to $97.50 shipped, an all-time low (Reg. $130) Aukey FM Transmitter Radio Car Kit $7 Takeya Pitcher at its all-time low today: $11.50 Mr. Coffee 12-Cup Programmable Coffee Brewer $35 DJI’s Phantom 3 Advanced Drone: $539 Walmart is now offering free 2-day shipping Parrot’s AR. 2.0 Quadricopter Drone $170  SkyBell Wi-Fi 1080p video doorbell $149 (Reg. $199) Xbox One Elite Wireless Controller (refurb.): $90 The Edwin The Duck kids’ toy for iOS: $40 (Reg. $50) Rachio 16-Zone Smart Sprinkler Controller $204.50, more LEGO Sets: The Batman Movie Joker Lowrider $27, more VIZIO’s 55-inch 4K Smart Ultra HDTV for $999 Gift Cards up to 20% off: Old Navy, Gap, and more Display w/ USB ports: HP 32-inch $300, more Save an extra 20% off any Nike clearance items VUDU offers one free movie rental Contigo AUTOSEAL Transit Travel Mug for under $14 6-months of the Washington Post free as a Prime member RTIC SoftPak cooler bags starting from $70 Get a free large 1-topping pizza at Papa Johns Bon Appetit magazine with digital iPad access for $4 4-pack Philips Daylight LED Light Bulbs $8, more Juiceman Citrus Juicer w/ Two Cones for just $20 (Reg. up to $29) Free HD Movie Rental at Vudu Get two-day delivery w/ Google Express, free six month trial LEGO Building Kits: Batman Movie The Joker $35, more Farberware 2.5L Air Fryer for just $39 Harmon Kardon’s 5.1-Ch Surround Sound System for just $160 Google Play Music + Youtube Red Free Unlimited for 4-months Get a FedEx printable in-store coupon for $5 off a $15 or more 10-Pack of highly-rated 16-Ounce Pub Glasses for just $12 AmazonBasics 14-Piece Knife Block Set at $19 NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Vespa’s creator set to unveil futuristic two-wheeled autonomous rolling backpack Raybaby keeps an eye on your baby and even monitors breathing without wires or straps LEGO Life is an Instagram-like social network for kids to share builds TwelveSouth’s new MagicBridge desk accessory for your Apple Keyboard and Magic Trackpad 2 The man behind the original Hoverboard returns with a new electric two-wheeler DIYers and Raspberry Pi enthusiasts have to see this walnut work bench with a hidden display The Rollcap 4K Action Camera w/ built-in 3-axis image stabilizer promises smooth video Oceanhorn 2 for iOS is being developed on Unreal Engine 4, check out these gorgeous screens RBI Baseball 17 is on its way for iOS, Android, Playstation 4 and Xbox One The Rosetta Wearable Disk has over 1,000 different languages stored on it Ricoh’s new Pentax KP DSLR is weatherproof for the outdoorsy photographer Editors Keys launches Logic/Final Cut/Adobe shortcut keyboard covers Amazon launches new STEM Club Subscription Service that delivers toys each month T-Mobile is handing out a free year of Hulu streaming to former AT&T customers Guides Deals View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Uber CEO backs out of joining Trump's business council By Associated Press Published: 03:15 EST, 3 February 2017 | Updated: 03:15 EST, 3 February 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) — Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Thursday to "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." His departure came on the eve of the first meeting of the group at the White House, planned for Friday. FILE - In this Dec. 13, 2016, file photo, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick, poses during the launch of its bike-sharing product, uberMOTO, in Hyderabad, India. Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's council of business leaders, according to an internal memo obtained by The Associated Press. Kalanick wrote to his employees that he'd spoken with Trump on Feb. 2, 2017, to ¿let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that.¿ (AP Photo/Mahesh Kumar A., File) Disney CEO Bob Iger won't attend either; instead he will be at a company board meeting in California, according to a person close to Iger who requested anonymity to discuss the CEO's schedule. White House officials did not respond to requests for comment. Led by Stephen Schwarzman, chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, the council has about 15 members, including the leaders of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. The council is "designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and nonpartisan manner," according to a Blackstone press release in December announcing its formation. Yet public outcry about Trump — specifically his executive order suspending the country's refugee program and halting other aspects of immigration — has put some business leaders in an uncomfortable spot. Uber, a ride-sharing company popular in urban, largely Democratic areas, has been buffeted all week by boycott campaigns that began when people perceived it as trying to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F. Kennedy Airport that was in response to the executive order. Kalanick condemned the executive order and has contributed to relief groups, but calls for a boycott had continued. One woman urging boycotts for all companies tied to Trump said only total resignation from the Trump business forum would satisfy her. "This is not a 'seat at the table' moment. This is a flip-the-table moment," said Shannon Coulter, one of the organizers of the anti-Trump social media campaign "Grab Your Wallet." Other forum members said they'd keep their commitment. Toby Cosgrove, CEO of the Cleveland Clinic, is planning to attend. "He has an opportunity to talk directly to the president, and that is a good opportunity," said spokeswoman Eileen Sheil. Sheil said the clinic employs doctors and caretakers from many countries, and was directly affected by the travel ban. She said a Sudanese citizen who is a first-year resident at the Cleveland Clinic is stuck in Sudan and unable to return to work. General Motors Co. CEO Mary Barra remains a member of the advisory group and plans to attend the Friday meeting, spokesman Patrick Morrissey said. Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk said in a statement that he'd attend. He said he and others on the council "will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy." __ Associated Press writers Jill Colvin in Washington, Bernard Condon in New York and Tom Krisher and Dee-Ann Durbin in Detroit contributed to this report. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'She is devastated': Kylie Minogue 'ends engagement to Joshua Sasse following suspicions about his relationship with an actress' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Worse for wear David Beckham gallantly holds car door for Poppy Delevingne as they party together on her husband's birthday  George and Amal Clooney step out for a romantic dinner in Spain amid pregnancy rumours Ocean's Eleven star, 55, took his wife on a date Emily Ratajkowski flaunts her incredible curves and enviable abs in boho floral bikini as she smoulders in stunning new beach shoot 'The cancer has gone, we are very happy': Michael Bublé's son Noah, three, 'is recovering' from liver cancer according to his aunt Guest biogs, drones photographing from above and banquet feasting: 2017's HOTTEST wedding trends SPONSORED PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Amber Rose showcases her famous buxom curves in orange bikini as she chills out in Honolulu Beach babe  That's a slippery slope! The Jump's Spencer Matthews 'caught up in love triangle with co-stars Vogue Williams and Jade Jones' On thin ice 'Miss this face every day': Wayne Rooney posts heartfelt Instagram tribute to Coleen's late sister Rosie on her birthday... five years after death Angelina Jolie shares teaser of Netflix passion project she directed based on Cambodian genocide memoir Her Netflix passion project  Janet Jackson, 50, joins newborn son Eissa as he gets a visit from grandma Katherine, aunt Rebbie and uncle Randy Family fun She's got some front! Braless Dakota Johnson stuns in VERY plunging dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Exquisite No supporting act! Rita Ora steals the show at Fifty Shades Darker premiere in revealing dress...after being mocked for cameo role Dubbed her big break Where's the rest of it? Singer Halsey risks wardrobe malfunction with VERY revealing dress at Fifty Shades Darker premiere Left her cleavage bare Keeping mum! Rosie Huntington-Whiteley continues to spark pregnancy rumours as she protectively covers her tummy in LA Covered up What a drag! Scott Disick shares a suspicious-looking cigarette on his hotel balcony with a female friend  Smokin' (hot) women Kim Kardashian puts on eye-popping display in sheer tank as she steps out with sister Kourtney for dinner in Costa Rica Turning heads Getting hearts pumping! Mariah Carey hits the gym in cleavage-baring lingerie and HEELS She also needed her fishnet stockings  'I've not had a bum enlargement!' Comedian Katherine Ryan reveals shocking photo of her bare bottom covered in bruises is a FAKE Cheeky Red hot! Ashley James sizzles in flesh-flaunting mini dress as she showcases her ample cleavage and toned pins out in London Scarlet siren 'THICK!': Kylie Jenner shows off voluptuous figure in her own brand's yellow tracksuit Looking to make big inroads in the apparel market Christine Bleakley reveals retired footballer husband Frank Lampard has been 'in talks' to embark on acting career in Hollywood Scott Disick cosies up to a gaggle of women during trip to Miami after he professes love for on-off girlfriend Kourtney Kardashian Ladies man Make-up free Charlotte McKinney ditches the glamour as she steps out in sweats for casual day of shopping in West Hollywood Casual yet chic  Priorities in order! Heidi Klum reveals her panties as she pulls trousers down to her knees for a quick sunbathing session She's a cheeky one David Beckham opts for sunglasses and a low-key ensemble as he jets out of LAX... hours after partying with Poppy Delevingne Good night Love Island's Olivia Buckland looks effortlessly chic in a white leather jacket as she cuddles up to fiancé Alex Bowen That's a Lottie leg! Model Moss flashes her toned pins in thigh-skimming skirt as she makes an entrance at friend's birthday party Kate's little sister  Solange Knowles performs at free Super Bowl concert in Houston... just one day after sister Beyonce revealed she's pregnant with twins Meghan Markle has 'virtually moved in' with Prince Harry reveal friends of the actress as the pair enjoy a dinner date in London  'To the next level' 'Stop reaching!' Kylie Jenner, 19, calls fans 'f***** idiots' for claiming she wanted to make her waxwork's skin color darker than it really is Lambasted fans Handsome model David Gandy cuts a dapper figure in a dark camel coat as he steps out for lavish cocktail party Looking dapper  After the dramatic bus crash, life in Walford was (unfortunately) back to 'normal' in EastEnders, by Jim Shelley Anti-climatic Great guns! Chris Hemsworth's MASSIVE bulging bicep once again takes centre stage as fan tries to get in a selfie with star Australian actor 'I love you too dude': Kristen Stewart hypes Saturday Night Live hosting debut with Leslie Jones In a series of promotional clips for the NBC comedy PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Home sweet home! Neighbours welcome the Obamas back to their $4.3 million new D.C. home after their luxury break Kim Kardashian shows some leg in thigh-high lace-up boots as she steps out in NYC after meeting with French authorities for a second day in a row Blonde bombshell! Kim Basinger is back and how... as she wows on the red carpet in low-cut black gown at premiere of Fifty Shades Darker A part in erotic trilogy Miley Cyrus' sister Noah wears sheer dress to Fifty Shades Darker premiere in Los Angeles Make Me (Cry) songstress decided to show off her own flair Ferne McCann flashes her abs in a crop top as she films herself having non-surgical liposuction on her stomach after bum lift Back at it  'Not sure if I have the same confidence': Coco Austin shares throwback pic from racy car calendar shoot The 37-year-old shared a racy throwback pic Juliette Lewis shows off her svelte frame in skinny jeans with a khaki coat and hat while catching flight at LAX The actress cut a casual figure in skintight denim Blue jean baby! Paris Jackson wears crop top and denims with frayed cuffs as she enjoys a concert night out in LA Spotted leaving James Arthur's LA concert  Keri Russell wears minimal makeup as she steps out in skinny jeans and ankle boots while on the move in New York city Natural beauty Bundled up beauty! Zoe Kravitz dons blue duster coat with trousers and a heavy navy scarf while holding hands with boyfriend Karl Glusman She doesn't look a day older! Elle Macpherson, 52, shares a sweet throwback bikini photo of herself at the beach with her two sons in 2005 She's ripped! Kourtney Kardashian wears torn jeans and biker jacket as she takes daughter Penelope to Beverly Hills gallery Just back from holiday America's Next Top Model judge Tyson Beckford pulls GUN on process server outside his Miami apartment  A look back at Minogue's ill-fated relationships including her failed 'engagement' to Olivier Martinez as she 'splits from fiancé Joshua Sasse' ' 'She always wanted kids and I never did': Dannii Minogue spoke about her sister Kylie's, 48, hopes for a baby earlier this year Ended engagement Beyonce the work of art: Queen Bey's pregnancy photo series echoes famous paintings featuring Venus and the Virgin Mary Lena Dunham sports aggressive pink eyeshadow as she teams up with Girls cast at premiere of final season Heavy make-up Can't make up your mind? Allison Williams wears trousers AND a dress at premiere of Girls final season That's how you make an entrance... and an exit Leslie Mann looks smitten with Judd Apatow at Girls premiere... after revealing argument with daughters over 'inappropriate' snaps Leggy display! Erin McNaught flaunts her trim pins and flashes white lace bra in a thigh-skimming denim frock as she enjoys a pamper session 'She's the vilest woman I've ever met in my life': CBB's Coleen Nolan rants about Kim Woodburn as Nicola McLean vows to 'never to see her again'  'Prep with my man': Ellen Pompeo brings newborn son Eli to work as she gets ready for directorial debut on Grey's Anatomy Behind the scenes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Georgia May Jagger and Grumpy Cat make it a date: Party team up for party in Germany to celebrate calendars  Is she fur real? Selma Blair wears red coat reminiscent of bath robe with animal hair trim around Los Angeles Looked like a very cosy cover up Part of the squad! Kelsea Ballerini says pal Taylor Swift taught her how to deal with fame as she covers Billboard magazine 'I'm really disappointed to be out!' Vogue Williams forced to QUIT The Jump just days before anticipated launch after suffering serious knee injury Babies, let's get in Formation! Beyonce 'set to perform at this year's Grammy Awards' after revealing she's pregnant with twins No slowing down That's quite the pregnancy album! Beyonce displays her baby bump in underwater video after announcing she's having twins Red hot! Emma Roberts shows off her new fiery colored hair as she leaves the salon in Hollywood Sporting freshly coloured tresses 'Call your senator': Amy Schumer continues anti-Trump activism by urging fans to oppose 'unqualified' Education Secretary pick Betsy DeVos 'I'm a sex goddess!' Teen Holly Willoughby, 18, grabs her assets as she makes saucy profession in sizzling throwback lingerie ad 'You have to bite the bullet': Kristen Stewart admits she is dreading her SNL hosting debut on Saturday Even if vampires don't make her flinch Khloe Kardashian helps Lauren lose 50 pounds and reconnect with her dead father on E! reality show Revenge Body With a celebrity trainer Making waves! Karlie Kloss sports curly locks and monochrome mini dress  during high fashion Vogue photo shoot at Sydney's Bondi Beach Lena Dunham admits she crossed 'boundaries of professionalism' as she reveals she once 'made out' with a Girls guest star  James Corden jokes about being the lowest paid late night talk show host on television... ahead of Grammys hosting gig But he's hit the big time... 'I've had some really bad hairstyles': Shane Warne reveals style disasters as ex-cricketer celebrates 10 years as an Advanced Hair Studio ambassador Borne this way! Lady Gaga gets police escort to NRG Stadium in Houston as she rehearses for Super Bowl Halftime Show  She's all fired up 'Yo I made it!' Rihanna steps out in biker chic ensemble... after celebrating Mariah Carey wearing her Fenty heels to the GYM Dressed in all black In bed with Hilary Duff! Star shows off her legs while wearing only panties and a T-shirt on Instagram A long way from being a self-conscious teen Is this the end of underwear? Why stars are forgoing bras and pants on the red carpet (and why they believe it makes them look more CLASSY) Victoria's Secret stars Jasmine Tookes, Martha Hunt and Taylor Hill bring the heat to Miami with sizzling bikini photo shoot Trio of Angels  Lily-Rose Depp goes on spending spree at Chanel in Beverly Hills... amid reports of dad Johnny's ongoing financial woes Karl Lagerfeld's muse Make-up free Julia Roberts, 49, looks bright as she goes shopping for interior decor with daughter Hazel in Malibu Had a stylish wintry get-up Just like mom! Rumer Willis stars in Gap campaign paying homage to mother Demi Moore and her 1990 ad Just like her famous mother Demi Kate Moss, 43, goes completely naked for W magazine as she joins Jennifer Lopez, Jessica Chastain, Taraji P Henson and Donatella Versace Quite the treat! Sara Gilbert has mother-son date with Rhodes at Jessica's Biel's pricey Au Fudge restaurant in Los Angeles Spoiling her little boy  A look at Shanina Shaik and fiancé DJ Ruckus' $100,000-a-month Miami rental property with incredible waterfront views and a heated swimming pool  Miranda gets her dream role in Annie: Actress in final negotiations to play Miss Hannigan when musical moves into the Piccadilly Theatre  'F*** you Price is Right!': Aaron Paul aims for game show redemption with the help of James Corden 17 years after walking away a loser A gloomy affair is saved by the belle: The Glass Menagerie is glum but Cherry Jones gives a fine turn, writes QUENTIN LETTS   SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Who silenced royal rebel Lady Amelia? Duke of Kent's granddaughter deletes her Instagram account  Upbeat Elbow go out on a limb: Little Fictions is a slow-burning blockbuster, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  JAN MOIR: Apple Tree Yard and a brutally real portrait of a wife in crisis  It caused controversy and divided opinion Coco Austin puts on a busty display as she steps out with baby Chanel... as Ice T proudly reveals his daughter has inherited his 'mean mug' Focused on family: Bethenny Frankel spends some quality time time with daughter Bryn after nasty drama with her ex Family first Making a dog's dinner of it! CBB's Jedward and Bianca Gascoigne try not to gag as they're forced to eat unsavoury 'mystery can' Not good enough to eat Tallia Storm flaunts her tanned and toned legs in a sequinned silver mini dress and chunky black ankle boots at fashion party Leggy lady Making them green with envy! Camilla dazzles in a velvet gown as she brings some glamour to the British Asian Trust dinner in London  'If there's anyone designed to deal with it, it's her': Meghan Markle's on-screen Suits fiancé Patrick J. Adams approves of her royal romance 'She's the love of my life': Scott Disick declares Kourtney Kardashian is the one in KUWTK trailer...before getting cuddly with beauties in Miami 'The shoot is not soft porn, it is actual fashion': Victoria's Secret model Bridget Malcolm defends posing naked for Playboy Make-up free Cindy Crawford shows off her svelte figure in skintight jeans and plunging white top ahead of 51st birthday Fit at 50 Enjoying a bit too much Pillowtalk? Pop heartthrob Zayn Malik sports a serious case of bed head as he enjoys shopping trip in Beverly Hills Going solo! Taylor Swift releases filmed acoustic rehearsal of I Don't Wanna Live Forever... without singing partner Zayn When two become one 'I didn't want to play a crack addict': Naomie Harris reveals she initially turned down Moonlight because of 'negative portrayals of women' in film That's one way to go viral! Mariah Carey poses in racy lingerie as she streams Facebook Live video...and hits one million views in first hour Busty Preeya Kalidas flashes her legs in a glamorous baby blue gown with dramatic ruffles at British Asian Trust dinner Blue-tiful Master and Apprentice! Arnold Schwarzenegger lunches with Mickey Rourke... after hitting back at Trump over ratings  Celebrity yearbook photos including Jimmy Kimmel in a tacky prom shirt, Tina Fey clutching a rose and a baby-faced Amy Adams are brought to life for Super Bowl ad Keke Palmer reveals truce with Trey Songz after claims he filmed her without her consent as she puts on another fashion show in New York You're fired! Gloomy Ivanka is pictured leaving DC home after Nordstrom drops her fashion brand amid angry boycott by thousands of women 'I can't wait to share our journey': New mum Stephanie Davis dotes over baby son Caben-Albi in adorable video  Preparing to raise her newborn alone 'I have three hearts': Pregnant Beyoncé strips NAKED to show off her baby bump in intimate snaps after announcing she is expecting twins  'Having twins is the most incredible experience ever!' Mariah Carey congratulates pal Beyonce after baby news   'Targeting the weakest does not show strength,' Angelina Jolie pens op-ed for the New York Times about refugee policy  Scarlett Johansson flaunts her famous curves in nude-looking suit in a sneak peek of her new movie Ghost In The Shell ahead of trailer  Naked tummy! Gigi Hadid models crop top that exposes her belly button and adds leather jacket to help keep out chill in NYC Tum's the word 'You made a reputation by showing your knockers!' CBB's Kim Woodburn takes aim at 'vile little creature' Nicola McLean as she's branded 'scum' Wigged out! Oprah Winfrey looks virtually unrecognisable in crimped blonde hairpiece on Los Angeles set of A Wrinkle In Time EXCLUSIVE Tequila shots, karaoke and a VERY A-list crowd: Behind-the-scenes at Harry Styles' 23rd birthday bash with Adele and Cindy Crawford Forgotten something? Lisa Appleton struggles to contain her ample assets as she dons a pair of tiny bikini briefs in Spain She always turns heads EXCLUSIVE: Timbaland's divorce lawyer slaps a lien on the music producer's $5 million Miami mansion for unpaid bills Pricey The apple of his (Beady) Eye! Liam Gallagher's son Gene sports similar haircut and same distinctive eyebrows as rocker dad on shopping spree 'It's time for us to embrace': Matthew McConaughey says celebrities should accept Trump is president and 'be constructive' 'This performance is for everyone': Lady Gaga talks up 'athletic' halftime show at Super Bowl after dancing in her underwear backstage Bikini-clad Kim Zolciak calls her husband Kroy Biermann 'sexy' as she posts photo of him in a very tight Speedo during beach getaway Fun in the sun J.C. Penney defends Beyonce using her own lyrics after critics snidely suggest that her 'awkward' pregnancy photo was taken at the retailer's portrait studio Fans accuse Beyoncé of copying M.I.A.'s music video for her maternity shoot - just months after the Sri Lankan rapper said Bey stole her sound What controversy? Mel Gibson smiles as his upcoming police brutality film Dragged Across Concrete sparks a social media backlash 'I get paid quite well to not be biased!': Rylan Clark-Neal hits out at claims CBB BOTS is unfair to housemates... as he confirms he'll still host the spin-off show  Drew Barrymore wanted 'ultra-traditional' upbringing for her two daughters as she calls split from husband her 'worst nightmare'  Back to basics Jamie Dornan flaunts his muscular physique as he showcases impressive pommel horse trick on Conan O'Brien Impressive Looking extra pouty! Rumer Willis shows off bigger lips as she attends opening of new basement bar in New York Getting lippy Selena Gomez is nominated for Kids' Choice Award as her current beau The Weeknd goes up against ex Bieber in 2017 nominations Oops, she did it again! Britney Spears suffers an EPIC wardrobe malfunction as she exposes her bare breast during Las Vegas show Kanye West is reprimanded by CFDA for his 'bad behavior' after failing to liaise with NYFW organizers about his Yeezy Season Five show Kim Kardashian looks slimmer than ever as she flaunts her gym-honed figure in black bikini alongside sister Kourtney during family getaway in Costa Rica Nicki Minaj invests in huge security upgrade for mansion following brazen thieves steal $200K worth of property and trash her home  Taking no chances 'I started doing hard drugs at age 12': Khloe Kardashian listens as latest Revenge Body contestant reveals she turned to meth to get thin 'We need a security guard 24-7': Kim Kardashian amps up protection for family in KUWTK sneak peek following armed heist Harrowing news Jennifer Connelly opts for a low-key look in a navy coat and beanie as she enjoys a stroll with husband Paul Bettany in New York Feeling the chill Oscar-winning Leonardo DiCaprio gets his meat seasoned by viral meme sensation Salt Bae at the chef's Dubai steakhouse  Just a sprinkle  Feeling Ferry saucy! Geordie Shore's Chloe leaves little to the imagination as she flaunts her ample assets and tiny waist in skimpy lingerie Ola Jordan and Heidi Montag look worse for wear as they twerk up a storm during wild night out with husbands James and Spencer Justin brings Bieber Fever to the Super Bowl with wacky dance moves as he honours the history of touchdown celebrations in new advert 'Things just didn't work out': Singer Ella Eyre 'amicably' ends her two-year relationship with Rixton drummer Lewi Morgan Sad news  Kim Kardashian relives horror of Paris jewel heist by testifying in New York after a judge flew to meet her to identify armed men who robbed her at gunpoint CBB's Bianca Gascoigne puts on an eye-popping display as she poses provocatively in lingerie for racy pre-show photo shoot EXCLUSIVE 'I love to mix it up!': Ellie Goulding reveals the secrets behind her stunning athletic shape She's a fitness enthusiast  Alesha Dixon dares to be different in sexy leather mesh dress with sheer skirt as she joins glam Amanda Holden at Britain's Got Talent auditions in Birmingham Victoria Beckham shows off slim figure in chic trousers and polo-neck for shopping trip ... but STILL keeps her favourite sunglasses on in drizzly London Don't let mum and dad see! Brooklyn Beckham tucks into HUGE baguette during London day out without health fanatic parents David and Victoria  'I've got my priorities really in order!': Rob Lowe laughs as Jimmy Kimmel ribs him over job ad for assistant who can turn on his jacuzzi and arrange massages 'I really fell in love': Iskra Lawrence posts lingerie selfie as she reveals she's learned to accept her curves while inspiring women to celebrate their bodies 'Everybody's looking': New Fifty Shades Darker trailer reveals glamorous Masquerade Ball sequence A new promo has debuted  'I'm more nervous on runways now' than when I was 21': Naomi Campbell, 46, admits she feels 'vulnerable' on the catwalk alongside younger models 'I'd love to be with Kate Middleton!': Drew Barrymore reveals she fancies the Duchess of Cambridge... as she jokes about being 'naughty in my forties' 'Breakouts have made me stay in my house all day': Ashley Benson opens up about her struggle with acne at the launch of a spot-reducing gel product Johnny Depp brands former business managers 'reprehensible' after details of his spendthrift $2million-a-month lifestyle emerge  McQueen Bey! Hollyoaks' pregnant matriarch Myra recreates THAT Beyonce baby pic... yet swaps designer lingerie for sports top and cardi Lottie Moss cuts a demure figure in lace-up jeans and fur coat as she hits the town for casual night out Certainly looked the part of a fashion model  It's Patsy TANsit! Actress overdoes the bronzer as she dons workout gear for energetic jog in the rain Not exactly tanning weather in London 'It left me bereft': Kris Marshall quits Death In Paradise after Caribbean filming separated him from his family... as fans mourn 'heartbreaking' news No dramas! Danielle Lloyd steps out in double denim after furiously denying Nicola McLean's claims she attended her wedding to Jamie O'Hara CBB's Nicola McLean flaunts her ample assets in racy lace lingerie as she poses for saucy pre-show shoot WAG and glamour model, 35 'It's a disaster!': Make-up free Dakota Johnson dons fur coat at LAX airport after revealing everything she says turns sexual Only the best for the Lord! Scott Disick stayed in $12,500 a night suite in Miami after fleeing Kardashian Costa Rican getaway 'I've never met a hater whose life I wish I had': Gabrielle Union bites back at mean girls as she flaunts her fabulous figure at 44 in Women's Health Trump requests prayers for Arnold Schwarzenegger and his Apprentice ratings... as his replacement suggest they switch jobs  'WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE': Sarah Silverman calls for a military coup to overthrow President Trump Controversial statement Twinning! Cindy Crawford's son Presley Gerber steps out with girlfriend Lily - whose model good looks will fit right in Strictly's rumoured new head judge Gary Edwards suffers 'TV fail' when he continuously refers to Len Goodman as a 'matriarch' rather than a patriarch Imogen Thomas displays her curves in colourful swimwear at the launch of her new collection... as she reveals her relationship has lost its spark Gaz Beadle transforms into a naughty pensioner as he hits the gym and chats girls up in hilarious prank ahead of Spring Break with Grandad launch Just like Linda! Lusardi's daughter Lucy Kane shows an uncanny resemblance to her mum... as she 'blows judges away on The Voice End of an era! Designer Riccardo Tisci leaves Givenchy after 12 YEARS with the French fashion house - as rumors suggest he is heading to Versace Move over George! Adorable Prince of Bhutan proves himself a contender for world's cutest royal baby as he poses for his first birthday portrait Nick Gordon steps out on second anniversary of the day girlfriend Bobbi Kristina was tragically found unresponsive in bathtub 'I love having her around again': Brooke Vincent reveals she was instrumental in her on-screen sister Helen Flanagan's return to Coronation Street Drinking problems! Coronation Street viewers spot a major props blunder when Kate serves Toyah a glass of wine from an EMPTY bottle Who said acting was easy? Joanne Froggatt shelters from the rain as she braves freezing conditions while filming Liar in Kent Alice Eve oozes classic Hollywood glamour in a sophisticated all-black ensemble as she enjoys a low-key dinner in LA British beauty Gigi Hadid wears nothing but a tiny miniskirt as she goes braless for tasteful LOVE magazine shoot Stunning black and white snap  That's a butt rude! Rita Ora is cheeky in see-through gym pants ... as she steps out in LA after congratulating Beyonce on her pregnancy news What a view! Will pregnant Beyonce still perform at Coachella? Singer's April headline slot is uncertain after announcement she's expecting twins The adorable moment Prince Harry pranks an unimpressed school boy with the 'wrong shoulder' trick (and acts surprised when the joke's turned on him) Bella Thorne flaunts her taut tummy as she works up a sweat with her wild moves while leading a dance class Energetic night! Heidi Klum steals the spotlight in a quirky black Victoriana-style ensemble and heavy jewels as she shoots Germany's Next Top Model 'We do get a bit delirious': Rebel Wilson and Anna Kendrick share behind-the-scenes Pitch Perfect 3 video after filming for 15 hours Geordie Shore's Holly Hagan shows off her toned curves as she shares an eye-popping bikini shot from her holiday in Thailand 'I absolutely hate my natural look': Katie Price shares rare 'make-up free' selfie as she takes a break from her hair extensions Ed Sheeran fans hit out at touts after tickets to the British pop star's UK tour were being sold online for up to £1,000 just minutes after going on sale  Racy in red! Lucy Mecklenburgh shows off her stunningly slim figure in chic bikini as she posts yet ANOTHER swimsuit snap from Dubai trip 'Let me come in your changing room!' Trinny Woodall accidentally propositions Phillip Schofield live on This Morning leaving Holly Willoughby in hysterics What a bikini body! Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray almost busts out of her skimpy swimwear in racy Instagram snap after THAT lingerie shot Lorraine Kelly can't contain her giggles as she recreates the famous pottery scene from the movie Ghost with Dr Hilary Jones as Patrick Swayze  Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Cyprus Crime Cyprus Talks Education News in Brief Property Opinion Our View Coffeeshop CM Regular Columnist Guest Columnist Letters Obituary World Africa Americas US election Asia Turkey Europe Britain Brexit Greece Russia Middle East Oceania Global terrorism News in Brief Business Energy Company News Health Sport Athletics Cricket Football Cyprus football English Premier League European football Football League Tables FA Cup Champions League Europa League World Cup Formula 1 Golf Rugby Tennis Australian Open ATP & WTA Tours Other Sport Life & Style People Profile A minute with Motoring Entertainment Restaurant & Bar Review Film Review What’s On Showbiz Crossword Letters Videos CM News Team Alexia Evripidou Alix Norman Alper Ali Riza Andreas Vou Andria Kades Angelos Anastasiou Annette Chrysostomou Bejay Browne Christos Panayiotides Costas Apostolides Demetris Papadopoulos Elias Hazou Evie Andreou George Coucounis George Kassianos George Koumoullis George Psyllides Guest Columnists Gwynne Dyer Hermes Solomon Iacovos Constantinou Jean Christou Johan van den Kerkhof Loucas Charalambous Maria Gregoriou Nan Mackenzie Nathan Morely Our View Patricia Jordan Patroclos Philip Mark Preston Wilder Letters Rosie Ogden Staff Reporters Stefanos Evripidou Stelios Orphanides Stephanie Robb Theo Panayides CM News Archives 70 Years Classifieds Supplements Company News Cyprus Crime Cyprus Talks Education News in Brief Property Opinion Our View Coffeeshop CM Regular Columnist Guest Columnist Letters Obituary World Africa Americas US election Asia Turkey Europe Britain Brexit Greece Russia Middle East Oceania Global terrorism News in Brief Business Energy Company News Health Sport Athletics Cricket Football English crowds boom as new fans flock to games Cameroon down Ghana to reach Nations Cup final Hazard expects three-way battle for title UEFA hands out 150 million euros to clubs for release of players Cyprus football English Premier League Hazard expects three-way battle for title Rules are different for me, says frustrated Mourinho Man United frustrated by Hull, Stoke in 1-1 draw with Everton Rampant Man City batter West Ham European football Football League Tables FA Cup Champions League Arsenal get another chance to topple Bayern Porto crush Leicester to ease into last 16 Spurs beat CSKA to grab Europa League spot Arsenal punching their weight again in Europe Europa League World Cup Formula 1 Silverstone upbeat after F1 ownership change Liberty completes F1 takeover, Ecclestone replaced F1 body approves Liberty Media takeover F1 champions Mercedes sign Bottas, Massa returns Golf Rugby Tennis Federer says game-style made him believe he could win 18th slam FACTBOX: Roger Federer and Grand Slam winners Federer edges Nadal to win Australian Open (Updated) Deja vu slam to climax with vintage Roger-Rafa show Australian Open ATP & WTA Tours Other Sport Life & Style People Profile A minute with Motoring Entertainment Restaurant & Bar Review Bar review: Algevra, Limassol Restaurant review: Koh-i-noor, Paphos Restaurant Review: Beer & Beer, Limassol Review: Searays café bar, Paphos Film Review Film review: Nocturnal Animals**** Film review: Lion **** Film review: xXx: Return of Xander Cage ** Film review: Split ** What’s On Our cities and the daily lives we live in them Human stories on stage A new sound takes over Limassol on Saturday Get physical this weekend Showbiz Arnold Schwarzenegger offered to take over as US president Barry Gibb was introduced to his wife by Jimmy Savile Nicole Kidman to write her autobiography Johnny Depp is suing his former management team Crossword Letters Videos Follow Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS Home World Americas Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group February 3rd, 2017 Reuters News Service Americas, World 0 comments Uber CEO Travis Kalanick came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States Follow Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump’s business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump “understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation’s economy stronger.” The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. “In tomorrow’s meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy,” he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick’s departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They (the Trump administration) clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. Print Friendly Next article Woods withdraws from Dubai Desert Classic with bad back Previous article White House says Israeli settlement building may not help peace News timeline Feb 3rd 10:58 AM Cyprus Talks Anastasiades, May discuss Cyprus problem Feb 3rd 10:49 AM Football English crowds boom as new fans flock to games Feb 3rd 10:44 AM Cyprus News podcast: Pamborides discusses NHS delays Feb 3rd 10:20 AM Golf Woods withdraws from Dubai Desert Classic with bad back Feb 3rd 10:06 AM Americas Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Feb 3rd 10:02 AM Middle East White House says Israeli settlement building may not help peace Feb 3rd 10:01 AM Cyprus Taxi drivers end strike early Feb 3rd 9:59 AM Other Sport Sport in brief Feb 3rd 9:52 AM Football Cameroon down Ghana to reach Nations Cup final Feb 3rd 9:19 AM What's On Our cities and the daily lives we live in them Broadcaster Rosie Charalambous takes a weekly look at the stories and cultural events making the news. Home Cyprus Opinion World Business Sport Life & Style Entertainment Letters Company News 70 Years Back to top CYPRUS MAIL COMPANY LTD. 24 Vassiliou Voulgaroctonou, 1503 Lefkosia Tel: 357 22 818585 Email: mail@cyprus-mail.com Established: 1945 Contact | Terms | Privacy INFORMATION DESK Pharmacies Weekend Doctors Airport Information Seaports & Marinas Currencies & Stocks INFORMATION DESK Emergency & Medical Services Utilities, transport & telecoms Holidays & working hours Citizen’s One Stop shops Cyprus Consumers Association © Cyprus Mail Ltd. 2017. All rights reserved. A Cyprus Mail Company Ltd. Site By continuing to use the Cyprus Mail, you agree to the use of cookies. more information Accept The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this. Close
NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Print Edition Today's Paper E-PAPER Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Nawaiwaqt Group Nawaiwaqt Newspaper Waqt News TV Family Magazine Phool Magazine Nidaimillat Magazine Sunday Magazine Weekend Young Nation Articles eMag October Reign Friday | February 03, 2017 NEWS National Sports Lifestyle & Entertainment Business International Editor's Picks Snippets Lahore Karachi Islamabad OPINION Editorials Columns Mailbox Multimedia News In Pictures Cartoons Videos Editor's Picks Featured Newspaper Picks Print Edition Today's Paper E-Paper Blogs Read All Blogs Write For Us Connect with us   Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Youtube     Follow @the_nation   Latest Feb 03, 12:51 pm Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group Feb 03, 12:45 pm Amid Beijing's 'Silk Road' splurge, Chinese firms eye Pakistan Feb 03, 12:39 pm Dar's confessional statement taken under duress in Musharraf's tenure: Khawaja Asif Feb 03, 12:10 pm New Zealand to launch urgent inquiry into Napier ODI washout Feb 03, 12:02 pm Apple iPhone sales beat estimates Feb 03, 11:40 am Police shoot man in Islamabad for not stopping at check point Feb 03, 11:38 am Chaudhry Nisar is supporting banned outfits: MQM-london Feb 03, 11:24 am Fog kills 6 school children in accident, CM Punjab takes notice   Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group SHARE : Reuters Tweet Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. "In tomorrow's meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick's departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. Tweet More by Reuters RELATED NEWS December 14, 2016, 8:13 pm Uber, SpaceX/Tesla, and PepsiCo execs join Trump business council December 10, 2016, 10:47 am Exxon CEO is now Trump's secretary of state favorite -transition official November 29, 2016, 7:56 pm Uber defends business model, wants to avert strict EU rules April 02, 2010 Pak-Turk CEO business forum MORE IN INTERNATIONAL February 03, 2017, 9:28 am Trump order blocking some from Muslim-majority nations re-entering U.S.: lawsuit February 03, 2017, 9:25 am Trump vows to end prohibition on church political activity February 03, 2017 Trump in ‘worst call’ with Australian PM February 03, 2017 Erdogan rebukes Merkel over 'Islamist terror' comment Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus TODAY'S POPULAR Most Viewed | Most Commented Trump puts Iran 'on notice,' denounces nuclear deal Pakistan examining new US visa policy: Sartaj Americans stood up for the Muslim community following ... Ramiz Raja ventures into film-making 22 tonnes of coal missing from train compartment 700,000 people to get jobs through CPEC, says Zubair Iqbal CTD held Imam Masjid for possessing explosive suicide ... LATEST COMMENTS Eddied Pure anti-western propaganda bullshit... neutral This is the only stupid, the fifth-columnist and CIA and Israel Agent, who thinks he is always right and ALL others are brainwashed fools and whatever BS comes out of his pig-fed brain is right. It is... Eddied Bravo to the military for taking this positive stance against terrorism... ADVERTISEMENT LATEST COMMENTS Eddied Pure anti-western propaganda bullshit... neutral This is the only stupid, the fifth-columnist and CIA and Israel Agent, who thinks he is always right and ALL others are brainwashed fools and whatever BS comes out of his pig-fed brain is right. It is... Eddied Bravo to the military for taking this positive stance against terrorism... OUR CONTACT DETAILS NIPCO House, 4 Shaarey Fatima Jinnah, LAHORE (Pakistan) Tel : 092-42-6367580 Fax : 092-42-6367005 About Us Advertise Contact Us Terms & Conditions © COPYRIGHT 2017, NAWAIWAQT GROUP OF NEWSPAPERS Powered by :
Search for: Menu Home National Punjab Sindh Balochistan Khyber PK World Events Breaking News Sports Cricket Football Life & Style Health Celebrities Film Games SCI-TECH Science Social Media Technology Programs Current Afairs Faisla Aap Ka Spot Light Islamabad Tonight with Rehman Azhar Rubaroo Talk Shows Awaz Sawal Hai Pakistan Ka Pakistan At 7 Infotainment Good Morning Aaj Kahani Kay Pechay Target Aman Barabri Kay Saath Paisa Bolta Hai Qaidi No. Entertainment BUSINESS Watch AAJ TV Live اردو Home / Business / Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Posted on February 3, 2017 by Farah Jamil in Business, Latest, U.S.A, World Photo – Reuters Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump’s business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the US is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump “understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation’s economy stronger.” The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. “In tomorrow’s meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy,” he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick’s departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They (the Trump administration) clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. -Reuters Tagged trump Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick USA Post navigation Previous Previous post: Layyah: school children, van driver killed in road accident Tweet Related Posts Companies from Mideast , Europe eye stake in KSE: chief regulator CIT rescue, upgrades push S&P 500 to 8-month high Eight schoolgirls drown in Vietnam Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Latest News Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Layyah: school children, van driver killed in road accident Nine more stranded Pakistani sailors in Egypt, return home ‘Romiaaaow & Juliet’: John Hurt’s strangest role in cat film Australia need to master India spin – Pietersen Archive February 2017 M T W T F S S « Jan       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28   National Punjab Sindh Khyber PK Balochistan World Africa Europe South Asia U.S.A Entertainment Celebrities Film Games Music Company About us Contact Us Career distribution Copyright © 2017 AAJ NEWS. All rights reserved.
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Snapshot has taken the first step to listing publicly, but its giving little away to investors The number of Snap's daily active users grew to an average of 158 million at the end of December, up 48 per cent year-on-year Lauren Hirsch, Liana B. Baker Friday 3 February 2017 07:37 BST Click to follow The Independent Online It isn't the first time Snapchat has faced criticism for its filters LIONEL BONAVENTURE/AFP/Getty Images Snapchat owner Snap shot the opening salvo in its $3bn initial public offering on Thursday, outlining aggressive expansion plans but offering new investors no say on how the company is run and no promise of profits. Read more Snap Inc is a beast that should worry Facebook shareholder Snap's publication on Thursday of its IPO registration document sets the stage for its upcoming marketing campaign to convince investors to look past its widening losses and the firm grip of its founders, and focus on its rapid growth of active users. The number of Snap's daily active users grew to an average of 158 million at the end of December, up 48 per cent year-on-year, Snap revealed. However, its net loss widened to $514.6m in 2016 from $372.9m the year before. While Snap will have time to polish its marketing pitch in the run-up to the IPO planned for March, some analysts were taken aback that the company was just beginning to reap cash from its product. "What surprises me the most is that it is still very early days when it comes to Snap making money," said Rohit Kulkarni, managing director at private securities investment firm SharesPost. Read more Snapchat Spectacles case melts while charging, echoing Note 7 recall Facebook is making Instagram Stories a main part of its app Newspapers cut Facebook and Snapchat content due to meagre returns What not to do on social media when you're going through a break-up Snap had confidentially registered with the US Securities and Exchange Commission for an IPO late last year. It kept the filing under such tight wraps, even some of its IPO underwriters had not seen it prior to publication on Thursday, sources familiar with the matter previously told Reuters. Snap said in the IPO registration document published on Thursday it would become the first US company to go public with shares on offer not granting voting rights to stock market investors. Its founders, Evan Spiegel and Robert Murphy, will keep control of the company. Snap could be valued at between $20bn to $25bn, according to sources familiar with the situation who asked not to be named because the matter is confidential. That would give the company the richest valuation in a US technology IPO since Facebook. Snap, which launched itself in 2012 with an app that sends disappearing messages, rebranded itself last year as a camera company and started selling $130 video camera glasses. It generates the majority of its revenue from advertising, seeking to challenge the dominance of internet giants such as Facebook and Alphabet’s Google. The world’s most valuable brands 10 show all The world’s most valuable brands 1/10 1st - Google Google replaced Apple as the world’s most valuable brand, with a brand value of $109.5bn, according to Brand Finance 2/10 2nd - Apple Apple’s brand value declined from $145.9bn to $107.1bn in 2016 3/10 3rd - Amazon Amazon's brand value rose from $69.6bn to $106.4bn in 2016 4/10 4th - At&t Of the 40 telecoms brands in the ranking, AT&T in 2016 overtook Verizon as the most valuable brand rising to $87bn from $59.9bn the year before 5/10 5th - Microsoft Microsoft's brand value rose marginally from $67.3bn to $76.3bn in 2016 6/10 6th - Samsung Amazon's brand value rose from $58.6bn to $66.2bn 7/10 7th - Verizon Verizon's brand value inched up from $63.1bn to $65.9bn 8/10 8th - Walmart Walmart's brand value rose from $53.6bn to $62.5bn 9/10 9th - Facebook Facebook's brand value increased sharply from $34bn to just shy of $62bn 10/10 10th - ICBC ICBC saw its brand value rise to $47.8bn from $36.3bn. It was the most valuabe financial brand in the world in 2016 replacing Wells Fargo "The industry has been crying out for new advertising units" says Ian Schafer, founder and chairman of ad agency Deep Focus, referring to the tight hold Facebook and Google have on the digital advertising marketplace. In its IPO registration document, Snap cited Apple, Google, Twitter, Facebook and its photo-sharing platform Instagram as its competitors. Reuters More about: SNAP Facebook Snap Inc US Twitter Google Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Judith Zoe Norgaard February 2, 2017 • Obituaries Advertising Judith Zoe Norgaard, 68, passed away Tuesday, January 31, 2017 at Lakeview Christian Home, Carlsbad, New Mexico. Cremation has taken place and there will be no public services. Denton-Wood Funeral Home is in charge of the arrangements. Judith Zoe Norgaard [auth] was born May 10, 1948 in Roswell, NM to Jesse C. and Yuma Z. (Hudson) Anness. She married Shorty Norgaard October 1, 1975 in Tularosa, NM. They moved to Chaparral, NM in 1977. Judi worked at Wal-Mart in her later years. She loved working in the yard, ceramics and bowling. Judi was preceded in death by her parents; husband, Eudale “Shorty” Norgaard; son, Shone Norgaard and brother, Frankie Anness. Survivors are her sisters: Jessica Lawson and husband, Ed of Roswell, NM, Denise Koerber and husband, Lee of Roswell, NM; daughter-in-law: Stacey Norgaard and her family; nephews: Kevin Koerber and Bryann Anness; nieces: Michelle Andrade and Kristina Smalts. Condolences may be expressed at dentonwood.com. Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Bennie Fay Kerr RSO concert to feature 18-year-old pianist Hsu » Business Review Kymera Independent Physicians Dining Guide Taco Loco #2 Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years Former lawmaker takes job at Corrections Department February 2, 2017 Albuquerque schools face cuts due to dwindling cash reserves February 2, 2017 New Mexico allows greater scrutiny for conflicts of interest February 2, 2017 Suspect in deadly stolen car crash arrested February 2, 2017 The Latest: New Mexico courts say jury money almost gone February 2, 2017 State auditor: City likely violated ethics code February 1, 2017 New Mexico Gov.: Nation needs thorough vetting process February 1, 2017 New Mexico governor, utility unveil Facebook solar plans February 1, 2017 The Latest: Base identifies hurt service member’s squadron February 1, 2017 New Mexico considers more aggressive renewable energy goals February 1, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Budget 2017 Photos Video Search Search Home Society Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Donald Trump's business council amidst criticism Kalanick told his employees that he had a conversation with Trump and let him know that he would not be able to participate in his economic council. Namrata Tripathi   February 3, 2017 12:20 IST Uber chief executive Travis KalanickReuters Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has quit the United States President Donald Trump's council of business leaders after facing heavy criticism, according to an internal memo with the Associated Press. Kalanick told his employees that he had a conversation with Trump on Thursday and he "let him know that I would not be able to participate on his economic council. Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that." Ola, Uber to stop ride-sharing services temporarily Many tech leaders have denounced Trump's executive orders of a sweeping travel ban on refugees, particularly the ones coming from seven specific Muslim-majority countries. The US President's executive actions on extreme vetting and visa ban applies to migrants, refugees and US legal residents — green-card holders — from Iraq, Iran, Sudan, Somalia, Syria, Libya and Yemen. There is an indefinite ban on the arrival of Syrian refugees. Kalanick's departure from Trump's business council came a day before the first scheduled meeting of the group at the White House. Reports state that Disney CEO Bob Iger will not attend the meeting either, he, instead will be at a company board meeting in California. The business council is led by the chairman and chief executive of the private equity group Blackstone, Stephen Schwarzman, and has 15 other members including the leads of Wal-Mart, Tesla, the Cleveland Clinic and Pepsi. According to a Blackstone press release in December, the council is 'designed to provide direct input to the president from many of the best and brightest in the business world in a frank, non-bureaucratic, and non-partisan manner.' Uber has been embroiled in the public outcry against Trump's refugee ban. Many people in largely democratic areas boycotted Uber after people thought that the company was attempting to break a taxi strike to and from New York's John F Kennedy Airport, which was held in response of the controversial ban. The Uber CEO since then has condemned the orders passed by Trump and has also contributed to relief groups.  Related US Defence Secretary Mattis says North Korea will witness 'overwhelming' response if nuclear weapons used JK Rowling slams Twitter users for threatening to burn her books US-Australia relations: Trump's unconventional stand can put Washington's Asia-Pacific allies in serious trouble with China Also read 'Trump's new orders could stop the abuse of H1-B visa program', says Silicon Valley entrepreneur Kalpesh Kapadia; with one condition Reddit Alt-Right groups banned over claims of online harassment Post Comment IBT TV Close Bloodied brides protest Lebanese rape law Why advertise with us? Latest News Bengaluru: Indian man kills Ugandan woman in fit of rage after she asks for Rs 5,000 more for sex 10 minutes ago By Asmita Sarkar Editor's Pick WATCH Bruce Springsteen troll Donald Trump after POTUS hangs up phone on Australian PM #ReasonsTrumpHangsUp: Twitter reactions that will make you burst out with laughter Why advertise with us? most popular Pakistan puts Hafiz Saeed on no-fly list, may lodge FIR: Is action on terrorist due to pressure from China and not US? JuD chief Hafiz Saeed, long accused by India of masterminding the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks, has been put on the Exit Control List by Pakistan. Kuwait follows Trump's cue, imposes visa ban on citizens from five Muslim-majority countries, including Pakistan Trump, on last Friday, had issued executive orders imposing a travel ban on nationals from seven Muslim-majority countries. Despite Good Samaritan law, nobody came to help an 18-year-old cyclist bleeding on the roads of Karnataka [VIDEOS] The 18-year-old boy was crushed by the rear wheels of a bus in Koppal district. 'Trump's new orders could stop the abuse of H1-B visa program', says Silicon Valley entrepreneur Kalpesh Kapadia; with one condition Kalpesh Kapadia, CEO of SelfScore, talks to International Business Times-India about H1-B visas, international students in US and Trump's immigration policy in general. Myanmar wants to licence-build Sino-Pak co-developed JF-17 The JF-17 Thunder aircraft provides a cheaper alternative to most of the single-engine third-generation fighter aircraft. Indian-origin mother asked to 'prove she was lactating' at Germany's Frankfurt airport Gayathiri Bose, who works as a manager at a transport company in Singapore, has lodged a complaint with the authorities over her alleged ill-treatment by the airport officials. Now online from Bengaluru: The only website outside Kolkata that sells exclusively Bengali books! Three entrepreneurs from Bengaluru have started www.boi4u.in that sells only Bengali books at the moment. H1-B visa row: US should consider skill shortage in country before passing bill, NASSCOM says The bill has called for doubling the minimum salary of H-1B visa holders to $130,000 from the current minimum wage of $60,000. Photo Gallery Divya Khosla Kumar celebrates Kabhi Yaadon Mein with Sridevi Reprised versions of popular chartbusters from the 70s and 80s seems to be making a comeback in the Bollywood industry. However, Divya Khosla Kumar takes it a notch further and reprises the not-so-old and super popular 2003 chartbuster Kabhi Yaadon Mein, creating quite a stir across social media and her fans from all over. Jayam Ravi at Bogan success celebration Bogan movie success celebration held at Kamala Cinemas. Celebs like Jayam Ravi, director Lakshman, Kamala Cinemas Owner CT Ganesan also graced the event. India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,369 Reviews & Articles | 53,950 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU Home News Deals Hardware deals: $309 Core i7-7700K, $142 Radeon RX 480 Hardware deals roundup! Kaby Lake Core i7-7700K's and i5-7600K for cheap, along with new lows on the Radeon RX 480 and 470 By: TweakTown Dealzon | Deals News | Posted: 2 hours, 27 mins ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA It's a new month with new hardware deals for PC enthusiast. Since a number of new products are coming out (Zen etc.), prices on Intel Kaby Lake are already making some movements beyond suggested list price. As of writing, you can pick up the latest Core i7-7700K for as low as $309.99 via Monoprice's eBay store. This is a straight-up $40 discount (11% off) as all other retailers have the CPU priced at $350 or above.     So far, 680 units have been sold as of writing and we suspect Monoprice isn't carry enough units for the deal to last through the weekend. You'll earn some extra savings too as long as you don't reside in California or Kentucky, as sales tax is imposed to only these two states.   Continuing on with other hot hardware deals, Jet.com, the web retailer now owned by Walmart, has always been a hardware buyer favorite to score components on the cheap. While the "new" online retailer could use some improvement in the organization department (seriously its very hard to find things on their website) they are often at the forefront of great pricing to lure in new customers. As of writing, you can pick up an ASUS Radeon GPU for cheap, with the RX 480 4GB OC Edition priced at only $141.49 after rebate and coupon.   CPU Deals   Intel Core i7-7700K 4.20GHz Processor (Kaby Lake) - $309.99 (list $350) Intel Core i5-7600K 3.8Ghz Processor (Kaby Lake) - $204.11 (list $240) Use coupon: TRIPLE15   GPU Deals   ASUS Radeon RX 480 OC Edition 4GB Video Card - $141.49 (list $230) Use coupon: TRIPLE15 Use rebate here ASUS ROG STRIX Radeon RX 470 OC Edition 4GB Video Card - $123.80 (list $200) Use coupon: TRIPLE15 Use rebate here   Other Hardware Deals   MSI GeForce GTX 1080 Gaming X 8G Video Card - $594.99 (list $690) Use this rebate. ARRIS SURFboard SB6183 DOCSIS 3.0 Cable Modem (Refurbished) - $49.99 (list $100) HP OfficeJet 4650 Wireless All-in-One Printer (Refurbished) - $44.99 (list $150) Logitech MX Anywhere 2 Wireless Mouse - $39.99 (list $70) NVIDIA Shield Remote - $39.99 (list $50) SanDisk Ultra Fit 128GB Flash Drive - $24.99 (list $120) Thermaltake 500W SLI/CrossFire Ready 80+ Power Supply - $19.99 (list $50) Recommended for You PC game release deals: Shadow Tactics + Arizona Sunshine... Blizzard adds Reaper to the ranks of collectible statues... Save big on this week's best tech deals Dishonored 2 pre-load goes live, Steam deals 20% off... >> NEXT STORY: Far Cry 5 rumored for a release sometime this year << PREVIOUS STORY: MMO deals: 20% off Conan Exiles, Guild Wars 2 up to half Related Tags ARRIS ASUS eBay HP Intel Logitech MSI NVIDIA SanDisk Thermaltake Walmart Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Hardware deals: $309 Core i7-7700K, $142 Radeon RX 480 AMD shares up 16% riding upcoming Ryzen, Vega waves Facebook edges close to 2 billion monthly users Far Cry 5 rumored for a release sometime this year MMO deals: 20% off Conan Exiles, Guild Wars 2 up to halfView More News Posts Forum Activity H170M-D3H No POST from main bios chip, how to recover? ASRock Z87 Extreme4 SSD Problems Z87 Extreme 4 will not wake from sleep, code 32 Asrock Z77E-ITX GA-Z77x-UP5 TH-CFView More Forum Posts Press Releases Nokia and Orange Group collaborate to shape the future of 5G services Razer updates the world's best mechanical gaming keyboard: the Razer Blackwidow ASUS announces Designo Curve MX34VQ Ultrawide 4K display ASUS Republic of Gamers announces Swift PG258Q G-Sync display with 240Hz, 1ms response time Marvel Entertainment and Square Enix team up for multi-year, multi-game creative partnershipView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Hacking into WhatsApp and Telegram is now easy thanks to network flaw By tech2 News Staff 18   Comments Samsung curved gaming monitor launched in India starting at Rs 35,000 By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Microsoft’s stripped-down ‘Windows 10 Cloud’ could be a ChromeOS alternative in the making By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Apple is building a custom ARM chip to handle low power tasks on future MacBooks: Report By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Atomic clocks on navigation satellites by Isro and ESA are failing, and nobody has an explanation By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Uber Travis Kalanick, Uber CEO decides to quit Trump's business advisory group Madhu Kannan, former executive at Tata Sons appointed as the new CBO for Uber OlaShare, UberPool ride-sharing services are illegal in Karnataka from 3 February; Uber open to talks Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Travis Kalanick, Uber CEO decides to quit Trump’s business advisory group #Uber Image: REUTERS/Adnan Abidi 0   03 Feb 2017 , 11:25 Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump’s business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump “understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation’s economy stronger.” The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. “In tomorrow’s meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy,” he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick’s departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They (the Trump administration) clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. Reuters Tags: business advisory group, Chelsea Kohler, Donald Trump, Lyft, Travis Kalanick, Trump, Uber, UberPool, White House Also read OlaShare, UberPool ride-sharing services are illegal in Karnataka from 3 February; Uber open to talks Madhu Kannan, former executive at Tata Sons appointed as the new CBO for Uber X Recommended For You Madhu Kannan, former executive at Tata Sons appointed as the new CBO for Uber OlaShare, UberPool ride-sharing services are illegal in Karnataka from 3 February; Uber open to talks Uber believes that it is not breaking any law with uberPOOL Apple, Google, Uber and others draft letter to Trump asking him to reconsider immigration ban Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #MWC 2017 Feb 3, 2017 MWC 2017: The Snapdragon 835-powered Sony Xperia Z5 Premium might not be announced #Samsung Feb 3, 2017 Samsung Galaxy Note 5 gets January security patch with Samsung Pay app #Apple Feb 3, 2017 Apple iPhone to be made in Bengaluru: Will boost the component-manufacturing ecosystem in India #Facebook Feb 3, 2017 Facebook’s new Discover People feature could invade your privacy #EU Feb 3, 2017 EU is investigating Steam and OEMs for anticompetitive practices in e-commerce SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Ya Libnan Lebanon News and World News Live from Beirut Featured News Lebanon News World News Opinion Business News Arts & Culture Sci & Tech Video Uber CEO quits Trump advisory group after backlash February 3, 2017 by yalibnan Leave a Comment Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, facing criticism from immigration advocates for serving on President Donald Trump’s business advisory group, quit the group on Thursday, the company said. The CEO of the ride hailing service had been under mounting pressure from activists who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive will attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned-board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. The departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They (the Trump administration) clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. (REUTERS) Filed Under: Featured News Featured News US-Iran tension escalates as Trump readies new sanctions after ballistic missile test Trump warns Israel that new settlements are bad for peace Rebuilding shattered Aleppo will take tens of billions – and peace US blasts Russia’s aggression in Ukraine, links removal of sanctions to a Crimea pull out Lebanon News Franjieh on electoral law: “We support PSP because Druze are facing a war of elimination” Amal and George Clooney cancel trip to Lebanon. She is pregnant with twins !!, sources Lebanon expects to start oil production in 2018, president Aoun says Lebanon secures the WABA 2017 Championship after beating Jordan World News Trump embraces key pillars of Obama’s foreign policy Trump meets with Jordan’s King Abdullah ahead of an annual prayer breakfast Trump threatens to send troops to Mexico to “take care of ‘bad hombres’ Canada outraged at Fox News for falsely reporting the Quebec terrorist was Moroccan Opinion Analysis: Trump warning to Iran could backfire if he doesn’t follow through with some retaliation The inevitability of Trump’s impeachment The danger of Steve Bannon on the National Security Council if Trump succeeds, the republic fails Business News Apple’s cash hoard swells to record $246.09 billion Deutsche Bank fined $630m over Russian money laundering Trump plan for tax on Mexico exports raises eyebrows in Asia Gold prices to fall 8% to $1100 in 2017 – World Bank Arts & Culture How Mia Khalifa suddenly became no.1 porn star overnight Miss France, Iris Mittenaere, crowned Miss Universe in the Philippines Fadi Fawaz denies sending tweets about the death of his boyfriend George Michael Santa’s christmas dabke in the city of Ramallah, video Science & Technology Bomb-shelter builder stays busy as customers prep for ‘Trumpocalypse’ or “Trumpnado” Scientists can now grow a beating human heart from stem cells Greek ambassador to Brazil killed; widow and 2 men questioned over his murder “Marketing coup”: Amazon makes first drone delivery Recent Comments Copyright © 2017 Ya Libnan
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Union Budget #Raees #Kaabil #BMC election #Donald Trump #Virat Kohli DOWNLOAD APP:| Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election Sports Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News BMC Election TOP STORIES BMC election: Why MIM candidates are angry with Owasi's poll strategy 'Mentally ill' man, forced to beg by dad, extorts alms from commuters ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime note ban BMC Jammu and Kashmir Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Photos: Joe Root's girlfriend Carrie Cotterell just wants to have fun Like Father Like Son! Virender Sehwag's kid has his dad's swag ToPICs India vs England Viarat Kohli EPL BCCI Formula One ISL Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 2GB RAM model goes on sale in India Huawei Mate 9: Price, features and sale date revealed ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES 'Kung Fu Yoga' - Movie Review Twitter can't believe Anupam Kher 'shut up' Arnab Goswami. Can you? ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar Shah Rukh Khan Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan News International News Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Donald Trump's business advisory group By Reuters | Posted 4 hoursNow Available on the mid-day iOS App, Download Now Travis Kalanick. Pic/Sameer Markande San Francisco/Washington: Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. "In tomorrow's meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick's departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump's order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. Tags: Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump business advisory group amid mounting pressure activists and employees administration's immigration policies international news Related Stories Bumps on recovery road National News | 16-Jan-2017 Facebook hires Anand Chandrasekaran to help Messenger app grow Technology News | 20-Sep-2016 Uber acquires truck startup, plans test run of driverless SUVs International News | 19-Aug-2016 Twitter ropes in Facebook veteran Bret Taylor to revive fortune Technology News | 06-Jul-2016 Apple to open iOS app design, development centre in Bengaluru National News | 18-May-2016 BCCI appoints Rahul Johri as its first CEO Cricket News | 20-Apr-2016 PHOTO VIDEO Photos: Preeti Jhangiani, Mugdha Godse, Konkana Sen Sharma at LFW Day 2 Photos: Tiger Shroff, Disha Patani, Amyra Dastur watch 'Kung Fu Yoga' Photos: Preity Zinta looks regal in sari at LFW Day 2 Photos: Kangana Ranaut promotes 'Rangoon' Photos: Radhika Apte, Arshad Warsi and other celebs watch 'Lion' Bollynews Fatafat: Raees and Dangal to release in Pakistan soon! Waheeda Rehman aspired to be a doctor before entering Bollywood! Exclusive! Varun touches Karan's feet! Bollynews Fatafat: Salman checks on Sanjay Bhansali after Jaipur incident! You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding Mumbai: Man killed Vile Parle physio for refusing his proposal Crime News|02-Feb-2017 Photos: Bachchans, SRK, Rajinikanth, other stars at a grand wedding Bollywood News|02-Feb-2017 Apathy! Public click pictures as helpless teen bleeds to death on road National News|02-Feb-2017 Oops! Is 'Badrinath Ki Dulhaniya' poster copied from Telugu film 'Garam'? Bollywood News|02-Feb-2017 Kajol gets trolled on social media... by her own daughter Nysa! Bollywood News|02-Feb-2017 Beyonce pregnant with twins, flaunts baby bump in this picture Hollywood News|02-Feb-2017 After being called 'porn star', TV actress Nia Sharma shuts down trolls Television News|02-Feb-2017 Painful! Jilted lover chops off boyfriend's penis, flees with it National News|02-Feb-2017 Real life 'Raees'! Dongri doctor with a Rs 2cr 'practice' arrested National News|02-Feb-2017 Photos: Aamir Khan's dinner outing with his 'Dangal' girls in Bandra Bollywood News|01-Feb-2017 Photos: Katrina Kaif, Alia Bhatt spotted at the Mumbai airport Bollywood News|01-Feb-2017 Photos: Fardeen Khan at Preity Zinta's birthday bash in Mumbai Bollywood News|31-Jan-2017 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented Jealous man buries wife in house, her sister digs her up National News|5 hours Bizarre! School girl gives birth to a baby, claims genie raped her National News|03-Feb-2017 Gruesome! Man kills live-in partner, buries body in concrete Crime News|2 hours BMC election: Why MIM candidates are angry with Owasi's poll strategy National News|6 hours Pune techie murder: 'I am no more his mother, punish him' National News|01-Feb-2017 Mumbai crime: Morning walk with wife leads to millionaire conman's arrest Crime News|31-Jan-2017 Mumbai: Man finds missing daughter thanks to social media, cops National News|01-Feb-2017 Pune techie's father blames callousness for her murder National News|31-Jan-2017 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2017 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserved. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
International Business Times UK UK LATEST NEWS Crime Property Culture Royalty World Latest News USA Europe Asia Africa Middle East The Americas Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Politics LATEST NEWS Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket F1 UFC Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Analysis Reviews Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Pictures LATEST NEWS Conflict Travel Arts Science Animal & Wildlife Photography Competition Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Companies Uber Donald Trump Elon Musk says he will stay on Trump's advisory council for 'the greater good' Musk's statement came just hours after Uber's Travis Kalanick said he was quitting Trump's advisory council. By Hyacinth Mascarenhas February 3, 2017 05:27 GMT Tesla Chief Executive, Elon Musk enters the lobby of Trump Tower in Manhattan, New York, U.S., January 6, 2017.Reuters/Shannon Stapleton Tesla and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk said he will stay on two of President Donald Trump's advisory councils despite fierce public outrage and pressure to step down over the president's recent controversial immigration order. Musk's statement came just hours after Uber's chief executive Travis Kalanick quit the council on Thursday. In a lengthy statement posted on Twitter on Thursday, Musk said he and others will "express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy" during their first meeting on Friday. During his first week in the Oval Office, Trump signed an executive order temporarily suspending America's entire refugee programme, barring Syrian refugees indefinitely from entering and restricted immigrants from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the US. The travel ban sparked severe backlash and triggered protests across the country and around the world. Major tech companies including Microsoft, Facebook and Google among others quickly voiced their opposition to the order and raised serious concerns over its impact to their businesses, employees and ability to competitively recruit talent from overseas. Musk, who agreed to join Trump's advisory councils in December, said that serving in the council "does not mean that I agree with actions by the Administration." "My goals are to accelerate the world's transition to sustainable energy and to help make humanity a multi-planet civilization, a consequence of which will be the creation of hundreds of thousands of jobs and a more inspiring future for all," Musk said. "I understand the perspective of those who object to my attending this meeting, but I believe at this time that engaging on critical issues will on balance serve the greater good." US President Donald Trump meets with business leaders in the Roosevelt Room at the White House in Washington, DC, on January 23, 2017.Nicholas Kamm/AFP/Getty Images In December, Kalanick and Musk agreed to join Trump's Strategic and Policy Forum, a 19-member economic advisory council, which also includes Pepsi CEO Indra Nooyi, Disney chief executive Bob Iger and Walmart's Doug McMillon. However, Kalanick opted to drop out of the group on Thursday following criticism from employees, customers and activists for not taking a tougher stance on the immigration order. People accused Uber of undermining a work stoppage called by the New York Taxi Workers Alliance last weekend to oppose the Muslim travel ban. Paired with Kalanick's position in Trump's economic advisory, the ride-hailing service's decision to continue operating and disable surge prices during the work stoppage led thousands of users and celebrities to pledge to #DeleteUber en masse - a hashtag that quickly went viral. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick said in an email to staff. "We must believe that the actions we take ultimately move the ball forward. There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that." Following the campaign, Kalanick pledged to create a $3m (£2.4m) defence fund to help drivers affected by the president's order. "The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," Kalanick wrote. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants. "We will fight for the rights of immigrants in our communities so that each of us can be who we are with optimism and hope for the future," he said. More from IBTimes UK: Uber boss Travis Kalanick quits Trump's economic advisory council #DeleteUber protest caused so many account closures an automated system had to be built Uber creating $3m legal fund for drivers hit by immigration ban after #DeleteUber goes viral Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close White House defends immigration order Columnists Cassandra Fairbanks “Yiannopoulos was censored at Berkeley by violent protests — the left is the hate it fears READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets takes place 1-2 March 2017 at... Snap IPO: All you need to know about Snapchat maker's Wall Street debut The company looks to raise $3bn from its initial public offering. Elon Musk says he will stay on Trump's advisory council for 'the greater good' Musk's statement came just hours after Uber's Travis Kalanick said he... UK defence secretary accuses Russia of 'weaponising' fake news to undermine Western democracy Sir Michael Fallon said Nato must improve its cyber capabilities in... Uber boss Travis Kalanick quits Trump's economic advisory council Kalanick took the decision following a customer backlash over Trump's... Rogue British spies who leak secrets could face 14-years in jail under Secrets Act shake-up UK Official Secrets Acts facing first independent scrutiny in 100... This is the new £135,000 Range Rover - but it's not what you think Jaguar Land Rover Classic restores Seventies three-door Range Rover... Instagram multi-photo posts: New album feature could be coming in the next update App version 10.7.0 hints at feature rollout on iOS and Android. Shocking video shows how 20 years of car crash tests have saved thousands of lives Video comparison shows how much safer cars have become since Euro... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service Diggit eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Friday, Feb 03, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Editorials FEATURED EDITORIAL Slashing, burning red tape Published on Feb. 3, 2017 | Updated 1:31 a. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print For years, American businesses have suffered under the weight of overreaching regulations. Now, President Trump has begun lightening that burden. In an executive order, he declared that every time a Washington bureaucracy makes a new rule, it must pick two for the recycle bin. The United Kingdom and Australia have used similar policies to reduce regulation. The President’s order also says that this fiscal year, the costs new rules impose on the public must not exceed the costs eliminated by repeals. In future years, each department will get a budget for how much it can increase regulatory costs — or how much it must cut them. Click here to view more Blade editorials In 2015, the Code of Federal Regulations numbered 178,277 pages. On normal paper, that would be twice as tall as a Tyrannosaurus rex. The rules cover such weighty matters as what can be sold as “whipped cream” and how certain owners must feed their hamsters. They also regulate banks and determine which drugs are subject to which federal prohibitions — so some regulations save fortunes and lives. The costs of complying with regulations include the expenses of figuring out what they require, which sometimes means hiring a lawyer. Then comes doing what the rules require. In last year’s edition of Ten Thousand Commandments, the Competitive Enterprise Institute’s Clyde Wayne Crews, Jr., estimated that following regulations costs $1.88 billion a year, more than the federal income tax. And the rules hit small businesses harder than large ones, if only because each additional lawyer’s salary is a trivial expense for Ford or Wal-Mart. Worse, sometimes regulations simply stop someone from doing something that would make people’s lives better, such as selling raw milk to customers who prefer it. And, because it’s impossible for anyone to know all the regulations, anyone who wants to do something new or unusual has to wonder: Is it legal? An American who simply assumes that a harmless action is legal may face trouble, and penalties. President Trump isn’t dumping the whole CFR. He is simply demanding that when Washington imposes new rules on the American people, the bureaucrats responsible pay a price — a price in reduced regulation.  That’s sensible. Americans shouldn’t feel they are at constant risk of breaking the law. Related Items Donald Trump , regulations , Featured editorial Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening Straight Talk for Teens TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Login | Contact Login About Us Classifieds Hotels Booking Matrimony Archives Photos Videos Entertainment Featured India NRI Sports World Gulf Overseas Careers Travel & Tourism Overseas Careers Special 9:15 am » Trump travel ban hits expatriates in Oman 9:13 am » Emiratis exempted from Trump ban, assures US 2:54 pm » Saudi Arabia gives final approval to VAT 3:07 pm » India, UAE Ink 14 Pacts In Key Areas Like Defence, Security 9:22 am » Mohamed bin Zayed waters tree planted by late Shaikh Zayed Uber CEO Quits Trump Advisory Group Amid Mounting Pressure Published on Feb 03 2017 - - World - - Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump’s business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban.Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the US is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump “understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation’s economy stronger.” The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. “In tomorrow’s meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy,” he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick’s departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They (the Trump administration) clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. © Thomson Reuters 2017 Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) (Optional) Translate News in your own Language » Search for: Recent Posts Assign administrator for India-Bangladesh match: Hyderabad High Court World must ensure youth engagement at all levels, including in design of national plans, UN Forum hears Heavy fighting in eastern Ukraine extracting heavy civilian toll, UN Security Council hears World must ensure youth engagement at all levels, including in design of national plans, UN Forum hears Chidambaram, Congress have lost their mental balance post demonetisation: BJP Recent Comments Categories Entertainment Expat Ride Featured Gulf Hyderabad India NRI Overseas Careers Special Sports Travel & Tourism Uncategorized Women World Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org >> << Entertainment Oscar nomination overwhelming for Dev Patel Dil in mushkil, Karan Johar says alvida to Pakistani actors Gaata Rahe Mera Dil……. Birthday Special – Lata Mangeshkar If banning actors can stop terrorism, government should do it: Varun Navjot Singh Sidhu has already quit The Kapil Sharma Show. Here’s the reason Amitabh Bachchan stays awake till family’s women return home MS Dhoni’ a tale of hard work and success: Sushant Proud of Indian roots, says Miss Japan Sultan’ is the most gripping film of Salman Khan’s career, says father Salim Khan Would like to start a family, can’t give up everything: Kareena on Hollywood Copyright © 2011 YaHind.Com – NRIs Portal Powered by Yahind Infotech.
Collapse Expand Home Shop News Reviews Features Opinions Photos Videos Gadget Guru Cell Guru Prime Tech Smartphone Reviews Tech and Gadget Reviews How-To Videos Video Game Reviews and Features Top Lists by Gadgets 360 Unboxing and Hands-On Videos Hubs Apple Android BlackBerry Google Microsoft Nokia Samsung Sony Compare Mobiles Phone Finder DEALS Mobiles Tablets Apps Gaming Cameras PC/Laptops AUDIO/VIDEO How To Telecom Science INDIA INTERNET SOCIAL MEDIA WEARABLES हिंदी Home Apps Apps News Uber CEO Quits Trump Advisory Group Amid Mounting Pressure  Reuters, 03 February 2017 Share on Facebook Tweet Share Share Email Reddit Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Facebook, Microsoft Said to Circulate Immigration Open Letter Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the US is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. "In tomorrow's meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick's departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump's order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. © Thomson Reuters 2017 Tags: Uber, Travis Kalanick, Donald Trump, Trump Immigration Ban, Apps Karnataka Announces 'Initial Manufacturing Operations' of Apple in India but No Deal Yet Snap Files for $3 Billion IPO, Reveals Snapchat Has 158 Million Daily Active Users Uber CEO Quits Trump Advisory Group Amid Mounting Pressure     Advertisement   In Mobiles and Tablets Latest Huawei Honor 8 Lite Intex Aqua Amaze+ Asus ZenFone 3S Max ZTE Blade A2 Plus Swipe Elite Power Lava X41+ Intex Cloud Q11 4G Intex Cloud Style 4G Lava A55 Lava A50 Vivo V5 Lite Vivo V5 Plus Micromax Vdeo 3 ZTE Hawkeye LG X300 Micromax Vdeo 4 Samsung Galaxy C7 Pro Samsung Galaxy J2 Ace Swipe Konnect Grand Huawei P8 Lite (2017) Popular Oppo A57 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Nokia 6 OnePlus 3T Lenovo P2 Google Pixel Google Pixel XL Motorola Moto Z Moto Z Play Lenovo K5 Note Xiaomi Redmi 3s HTC 10 Xiaomi Mi5 Galaxy J7 2016 Redmi Note 3 Micromax phones Samsung phones Android Phones Smartphones Google Phones Nokia Phones Vivo V5 Honor 6X Gadgets 360 Hindi अब एक नए अवतार में बिकेगा मोटोरोला मोटो एम स्मार्टफोन ऐप्पल भारत में आईफोन बनाने का काम अप्रैल के अंत तक करेगी शुरू व्हाट्सऐप के इन कमाल के फ़ीचर के बारे में ज़रूर जानना चाहेंगे आप Latest Videos 02:57 HTC Desire 10 Pro Review 02:40 Smartphones That Help You Take Better Selfies 02:30 360 Daily: Union Budget 2017's Tech Focus, Your Free Android VPN May Contain Malware, and More 01:17 Everything You Need to Know About UPI 02:27 360 Daily: H1-B Visa's Proposed Reform, Oppo A57 Launched, and More More Videos» OPINIONS ALL AUTHORS Gopal Sathe Cloud Kitchens Take the Risk Out of Trying New Places - and the Reward Rohan Naravane UPI Has an Identity Problem That's Stopping It From Taking Off Akhil Arora How I Learned to Buy Less and Live More Advertisement Recent Google to Let Android Users Pin Web Apps to App Drawer GoPro's Sales Resume Growth, but Still Miss Expectations Reliance Jio Tops Coverage in India, Airtel Tops 4G Speed: Report Tesla CEO Elon Musk to Meet US President Donald Trump on Immigration Ban Google Assistant Rumoured to Arrive on Nexus 5X, Nexus 6P Soon Amazon Says 'Bullish' on India Business, New Services in the Offing Moto M Grey Colour Variant to Go on Sale in India From Monday Sony Starts Rolling Out February Android Security Update Ahead of Google Sony Reports Loss Offset by PlayStation and Image Sensor Sales Nintendo Ignores India, Most of the World for Fire Emblem Heroes Launch More News TRENDING Reliance Jio Tops Coverage in India, Airtel Tops 4G Speed: Report Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 2GB RAM Variant to Go on Sale in India Today Moto G5 Smartphone May Go on Sale Soon After MWC 2017 Xiaomi Redmi Note 4 Review Nokia P1 Concept Render Leaked; Shows Front Fingerprint Scanner Apple Set to Begin Making iPhones in India by April's End Oppo A57 With 16-Megapixel Front Camera to Go on Sale in India Today Everything You Need to Know about the H-1B Visas Uber CEO Quits Trump Advisory Group Amid Mounting Pressure Xiaomi Mi 6 Will Reportedly Sport an Underclocked Snapdragon 835 SoC Sitemaps Archives Advertise About Us Feedback Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Complaint Redressal Careers Contact Us RSS Ethics Gadgets Hindi © Copyright Red Pixels Ventures Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
Search Latest Sport Lifestyle Politics Opinion Features Business Multimedia Traffic 20°C Henri van Breda's murder trial kicks off of 27 March Local Save SA campaign wants electoral system reviewed Local Former ConCourt judge Zak Yacoob calls on SA citizens to abide by Constitution Local Alleged runaway drug kingpin arrested, expected in court Local Midrand Spur customers robbed at gunpoint Local 3 Somali nationals shot dead within minutes of each other in Khayelitsha Local Public Protector considering legal action against DA over spy allegations Local Popular Topics Donald Trump Life Esidimeni US travel ban President Jacob Zuma View all in Latest Australia agrees to meet Fifa deadline on broader Congress Sport Golf venue for 2020 Games to vote on female bar Sport Cameroon down Ghana 2-0 to reach Nations Cup final Sport Hazard expects three-way battle for league title Sport Former England and Chelsea midfielder Lampard retires Sport Rules are different for me, says frustrated Mourinho Sport Suarez, Messi wonder strikes give Barca edge at Atletico Sport Popular Topics Australian Open Proteas Roger Federer Manchester United View all in Sport [WATCH] Is this the coolest teacher or what? Lifestyle Beyonce kept dad in the dark over pregnancy Lifestyle Afghan girls fight prejudice with martial arts Lifestyle [OPINION] New me, New Year blah blah... Opinion [EDITORIAL] Who knows what to believe anymore Local Johnny Depp hits back at his former management team Lifestyle Barry Gibb: I'm terrified of dying Lifestyle Boston Marathon bombing survivor to marry firefighter who saved her Lifestyle Lotto results: Wednesday 1 February 2017 Local Beyonce's surprise twins announcement goes viral Lifestyle View all in Lifestyle Save SA campaign wants electoral system reviewed Local Former ConCourt judge Zak Yacoob calls on SA citizens to abide by Constitution Local Sipho Pityana warns against collapse of Treasury Politics EFF: Shelve Zuma’s State of the Nation Address Politics Mkhwebane seeks legal advice on instructing Zuma to perform certain duties Local De Klerk: Govt failing to implement NDP Politics Pityana: Zuma's leadership has set SA back many years Politics Popular Topics African National Congress African National Congress ANC President Jacob Zuma Democratic Alliance View all in Politics Fake news: The internet has turned an age-old problem into a new threat Opinion [OPINION] SA's sugar tax: A bold move & the right thing to do Opinion [OPINION] New me, New Year blah blah... Opinion [OPINION] The state of the African Union World [EDITORIAL] Who knows what to believe anymore Local [OPINION] Are MPs up to the task of fixing the SABC? Opinion [OPINION] The big 5 issues Zuma must tackle in Sona Opinion Popular Topics Fake news Jacob Zuma Donald Trump African National Congress View all in Opinion [MAP] Fires wreak havoc across Western Cape Local World Economic Forum 2017 Matric Results 2016 2016: A look at the year in news Local [LIVE BLOG] ANC NEC briefing Local [LIVE BLOG] Black Friday fever hits SA Local Understanding municipal politics: Exploring fruitless & wasteful expenditure Local Municipal Spending: The key factors Local SA's worst wasters: The 20 most wasteful municipalities Local [LIVE BLOG] #USElections2016: Trump wins race for White House World View all in Features Lily Mine: Plans to hold remembrance service spark fresh tensions Local Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group World Zuma loan bank takes business to church Local #RandReport: Rand firms as commodities climb, stocks slip Business AfriForum lodges complaint against Eskom chief over illegal connection deaths Local Mkhwebane to clarify inaccuracies in leaked Absa report Local Lily Mine remembrance service postponed due to safety concerns Local Popular Topics Eskom American Muslims Trump immigration Volkswagen View all in Business Video [WATCH] Public Protector Mkhwebane reflects on ‘bumpy’ 100 days in office [WATCH] Crunching SA's car sale numbers [WATCH] Behind the bluetooth high Audio [LISTEN] Alarm over nyaope addiction at Gauteng school [LISTEN] Gerrie Nel: I’m excited about my new venture [LISTEN] The raw truth about open relationships Infographics Life Esidimeni: How the tragedy unfolded World leaders on Donald Trump's travel ban It's Williams vs Williams in Australia Cartoons [CARTOON] Institutionalise the Health MEC [CARTOON] Statue of Fascism [CARTOON] Comradely banter View all in Multimedia View all in Traffic Johannesburg Cape Town Pretoria Vereeniging Durban Plettenberg Bay Paarl Strand Rustenburg Bloemfontein Nelspruit George 20°C / 22°C Fri 25°C 15°C Sat 22°C 13°C Sun 24°C 15°C Mon 25°C 16°C Tue 25°C 15°C Wed 25°C 16°C Fri 27°C 16°C Sat 21°C 16°C Sun 22°C 16°C Mon 27°C 14°C Tue 27°C 17°C Wed 25°C 18°C Fri 27°C 17°C Sat 25°C 15°C Sun 27°C 16°C Mon 27°C 18°C Tue 28°C 18°C Wed 28°C 18°C Fri 28°C 17°C Sat 27°C 15°C Sun 26°C 16°C Mon 26°C 17°C Tue 26°C 17°C Wed 24°C 18°C Fri 26°C 23°C Sat 30°C 22°C Sun 27°C 21°C Mon 24°C 20°C Tue 27°C 21°C Wed 29°C 23°C Fri 23°C 17°C Sat 23°C 18°C Sun 20°C 17°C Mon 23°C 18°C Tue 25°C 18°C Wed 22°C 19°C Fri 32°C 14°C Sat 20°C 14°C Sun 25°C 14°C Mon 32°C 14°C Tue 33°C 17°C Wed 30°C 17°C Fri 27°C 16°C Sat 20°C 16°C Sun 21°C 15°C Mon 27°C 15°C Tue 26°C 18°C Wed 23°C 17°C Fri 28°C 18°C Sat 25°C 18°C Sun 25°C 18°C Mon 27°C 19°C Tue 26°C 19°C Wed 28°C 19°C Fri 26°C 18°C Sat 24°C 17°C Sun 24°C 17°C Mon 22°C 16°C Tue 23°C 16°C Wed 26°C 16°C Fri 26°C 18°C Sat 27°C 16°C Sun 30°C 14°C Mon 25°C 19°C Tue 27°C 17°C Wed 29°C 17°C Fri 24°C 15°C Sat 22°C 16°C Sun 19°C 15°C Mon 24°C 14°C Tue 25°C 18°C Wed 23°C 18°C Go Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. The online ride-hailing service Uber. Picture: Reinart Toerien/EWN Donald Trump Uber Technologies Inc US travel ban American Muslims Trump immigration Uber CEO quits Email Print Tweet Share Reuters | 6 hours ago SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON – Uber Technologies Inc. Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump’s business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the US is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump “understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation’s economy stronger.” The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc. CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc. CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. “In tomorrow’s meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy,” he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick’s departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They (the Trump administration) clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc., Apple Inc. and Amazon.com Inc. have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc. have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. Timeline Angelina Jolie slams Trump travel ban, calls for 'compassionate America' 3 hours ago Yemeni-Americans shut hundreds of shops in NYC to protest Trump travel ban 4 hours ago US warns North Korea of ‘overwhelming’ response if nuclear arms used 6 hours ago US to issue new Iran sanctions, opening shot in get-tough strategy – sources 6 hours ago More in World Angelina Jolie slams Trump travel ban, calls for 'compassionate America' 3 hours ago Yemeni-Americans shut hundreds of shops in NYC to protest Trump travel ban 4 hours ago Britain will try to negotiate amicable EU divorce - Brexit paper 6 hours ago US warns North Korea of ‘overwhelming’ response if nuclear arms used 6 hours ago US to issue new Iran sanctions, opening shot in get-tough strategy – sources 6 hours ago Trump says his travel ban needed to ensure US religious freedom 6 hours ago Comments EWN welcomes all comments that are constructive, contribute to discussions in a meaningful manner and take stories forward. However, we will NOT condone the following: - Racism (including offensive comments based on ethnicity and nationality) - Sexism - Homophobia - Religious intolerance - Cyber bullying - Hate speech - Derogatory language - Comments inciting violence. We ask that your comments remain relevant to the articles they appear on and do not include general banter or conversation as this dilutes the effectiveness of the comments section. We strive to make the EWN community a safe and welcoming space for all. EWN reserves the right to: 1) remove any comments that do not follow the above guidelines; and, 2) ban users who repeatedly infringe the rules. Should you find any comments upsetting or offensive you can also flag them and we will assess it against our guidelines. EWN is constantly reviewing its comments policy in order to create an environment conducive to constructive conversations. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus On Air Latest bulletin GAUTENG CAPE TOWN KFM Latest traffic report CAPE TOWN GAUTENG KFM People also read Row brews between public protectors old & new Zuma loan bank takes business to church Mkhwebane to oppose Zuma’s state capture review Yemeni-Americans shut hundreds of shops in NYC to protest Trump travel ban Let the news come to you. Subscribe to our daily newsletter. Local World Politics Sport Business Entertainment Opinion Features Video Audio iWitness EWN Apps Fake News Warning Breaking News Alerts Traffic EWN.Mobi Newsletter Signups RSS Feeds EWN Whatsapp Alerts Contact Find us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Comments Policy COPYRIGHT 2015 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED | Terms & Conditions Choose an EWN Twitter account Follow @ewnreporter Follow @ewnupdates Follow @ewnsport Follow @ewntraffic Choose an EWN app iOS Android ALERT: Don’t fall victim to fake news! Due to the increase in fake news stories in South Africa and beyond, we urge you to be more vigilant. Eyewitness News is committed to providing news that is accurate, fair and balanced. We like to call ‘alternative facts’ exactly what they are: lies. As part of our commitment to journalistic integrity, we’ve put together a guide to help you sort fact from fiction.   Read more about how to identify fake news and ‘alternative facts’ HERE.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Discover 270 Ways to Slash Your 2016 Tax Bill Home | Companies Tags: amazon | forecast | spending | investor Amazon Forecast Sparks Investor Concern on Big Spending (Getty/Scott MacDougall) Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 09:34 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Amazon.com Inc. projected earnings for the current quarter that indicate stepped up spending on warehouses, movies and gadgets will continue this year at the expense of profits. Operating income in the first quarter will be $250 million to $900 million, which is less than a year earlier even though revenue is forecast to increase as much as 23 percent to $35.8 billion. “It means they’re going to spend a ton of money,” said Michael Pachter, an analyst at Wedbush Securities. “When you see revenue go up and earnings go down, it spooks people. It’s called negative leverage and the street hates it.” The forecast suggests that Amazon Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos will continue expanding a delivery infrastructure designed to get products to customers quickly, produce more video content that encourages people to join and renew Amazon Prime memberships, build gadgets like the voice-activated Echo personal assistant and push further internationally into markets including India. Amazon reported operating expenses rose 23 percent to $42.5 billion in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31. The spending included $5.7 billion to store and deliver items, particularly those ordered by Prime customers who pay $99 a year for free, fast shipping. The company also announced Monday it would build a $1.49 billion air hub near Cincinnati to accommodate its growing fleet of cargo planes. The hub and planes make Amazon less reliant on United Parcel Service Inc. and FedEx Corp. and complement its network of warehouses around the country. Holiday Sales Sales increased 22 percent to $43.7 billion in the fourth quarter, the Seattle-based company said Thursday in a statement. Analysts estimated $44.7 billion. Foreign currency changes reduced sales growth in the period by 2 percentage points, the company said. In Amazon Web Services, the company’s cloud-services division, revenue was $3.5 billion, up 47 percent from a year earlier. While cloud computing is Amazon’s fastest-growing and most profitable segment, that’s down from a 55 percent rise in the third quarter. Price reductions from the unit contributed to the slowdown, said Ron Josey, an analyst at JMP Securities. “Expectations got way ahead of themselves in the fourth quarter and this is a reset,” he said. Shares fell as much as 4.6 percent in extended trading after closing at $839.95. The stock had gained more than 10 percent over the past month in anticipation of a strong holiday period. Prime Membership Retail competitors, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., are struggling to match Amazon’s quick delivery on a wide assortment of goods as shoppers shift their spending from stores to websites and smartphones. U.S. online sales in November and December totaled $91.7 billion, up 11 percent from the previous year, according to Adobe Systems Inc. “Tens of millions” of new members joined Prime in 2016, Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos said in the statement. Prime had an estimated 65 million U.S. members at the end of September, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners in Chicago. The company doesn’t disclose the membership statistics. Expectations for holiday revenue also were too high given the company’s dominance in e-commerce, said Vic Anthony, an analyst at Aegis Capital Corp. “Amazon stock tends to get bid up over the euphoria of retail shifting online during the holiday shopping season, and now it’s taking a little breather,” he said. Net income was $749 million, or $1.54 a share, from $482 million, or $1 a share, a year earlier. Analysts estimated profit of $1.36 a share.   © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies Amazon.com Inc. projected earnings for the current quarter that indicate stepped up spending on warehouses, movies and gadgets will continue this year at the expense of profits.Operating income in the first quarter will be $250 million to $900 million, which is less than a... amazon, forecast, spending, investor 571 Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 09:34 PM 2017-34-02 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Tech CEOs Blast Trump Muslim Immigration Ban Sunday, 29 Jan 2017 | 81 comments Sounds like some Corporate bosses need to be hiring Americans, then their... CEO Jeff Bezos Says Amazon Backs Suit Opposing Trump Order Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 55 comments Mr. Bezos certainly has the right to voice his displeasure and as a long... GE's Iraq Contracts Could Reportedly Be Threatened by Trump Ban Thursday, 02 Feb 2017 | 45 comments If GE is employing US citizens with US passports I see no problems with... Supermarket Shares Dip After Trump Threatens Mexico Trade Friday, 27 Jan 2017 | 41 comments Good news for California's agricultural industry, bad news for Mexico. Buy... Trump Meets with Drugmakers, Seeks Lower Prices, U.S. Production Tuesday, 31 Jan 2017 | 40 comments President Trump nails it again. Stay the course Mr. President....       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Home Budget 2017MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMF TechJobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWSpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire BFSITechConstructionServicesMedia/EntertainmentPublic PolicyIndustrial Goods & ServicesAutoMisc. Defence Communication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News 02:02 PM | 03 Febmarket stats SENSEX 28,213-13.20 NIFTY 50 8,732-2.75 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,930-51.00 USD/INR 67.35-0.02 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 cautious; Sun TV rallies 20%, Cipla 3% Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Donald Trump's business advisory group By Reuters | Updated: Feb 03, 2017, 11.47 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » world | united states | Uber Technologies Inc | Uber CEO | Travis Kalanick | Travel | Social media Budget 2017: Budget 2017 is out: Read how it impacts you and India Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. "In tomorrow's meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick's departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Use TOI network to get traffic on your site Colombia 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer Lodha Palava Smart city @Kalyan Shil Rd 1,2&3 bhk @37lac+ Lodha Palava Smart City Mumbai Help single mother save her baby daughter! Milaap 'Indians will keep on working in United States' Uber to suspend its service in Taiwan from Feb 10 Scooter's back, with new hero on road Apple posts all-time record revenue in India READ MORE ON » world | united states | Uber Technologies Inc | Uber CEO | Travis Kalanick | Travel | Social media To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Here are the highlights of Union Budget 2017 Kuwait bans visa for 5 Muslim-majority countries, including Pakistan Assessees can heave a sigh of relief! Draconian powers gone, there’s no flashback to 1961 'Like' scam: Noida man dupes 6 lakh people of Rs 3,700 crore Why did PM Modi migrate from Gujarat to Delhi: UP CM Akhilesh Yadav More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget Live|Income Tax calculator Income Tax Slabs|Budget 2017 Elections 2017|BUDGET 2017-What's Cheaper & Expensive Sensex, Nifty Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
msn back to msn home news web search Sign in Change language and content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Feedback Headlines India Science & Tech Crime World Offbeat Photos Video War On Black Money Hot in News Assembly Elections Specials Local My Topics Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health Food Travel Autos Video News Sections India World Science & Tech Photos My Topics Local Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Donald Trump’s business advisory group The Indian Express 5 hours ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Clip of Trump's granddaughter singing spreads on Chinese web Will 'straighten out' world: Trump © reuters Travis Kalanick, addresses a gathering at an event in New Delh. (Reuters) Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the US is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned-board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. The departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump's order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN News Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behaviour that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment More From The Indian Express Why Mallya thinks he is 'football' The Indian Express Congress to contest from Rae Bareli’s Sareni seat against SP The Indian Express Army Major booked for rape, blackmail of colleague The Indian Express Sukhbir told to appear in court today The Indian Express Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Terms of use About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Take MSN survey Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I am already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I am having problems with Top Destinations I am having issues with searching I am having problems with Featured Apps My Topics feedback Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help and Support If you have any questions about MSN India, please contact our Grievance Officer at indiaGOMSN@microsoft.com | +91-11-46502222
null
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise Go! ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Follow us on social: BUSINESS Trump likely to face questions from Musk and other CEOs over travel ban in Friday meeting Reuters February 2, 2017 7:26 PM Tags: Advisory Counci, Donald Trump, Elon Musk, IBM, Muslim ban, Tesla, Uber Above: U.S. President Donald Trump announces his nomination of Neil Gorsuch to be an associate justice of the U.S. Supreme Court at the White House in Washington, D.C., U.S., January 31, 2017. Image Credit: REUTERS/Carlos Barria (Reuters) – U.S. President Donald Trump will likely face questions about his executive order restricting some travel to the United States when he meets with the CEOs of major U.S. companies at the White House on Friday. Companies whose chief executives are expected to attend the meeting of the president’s business advisory panel include JPMorgan Chase, General Motors, Blackstone Group LP, IBM, and Walt Disney, two officials briefed on the meeting said on Wednesday. Activists are already pressuring the CEOs to raise concerns about the travel restrictions at the meeting, which comes at the end of another turbulent week for the Trump administration. Trump’s order last Friday, barring travel into the United States by people from seven Muslim-majority countries, touched off public protests and stirred unease among employees at many big U.S. companies. CEOs have been faced with difficult choices to either criticize Trump’s move at a time when they are trying to win White House support on tax and trade policies, or remain silent and take heat from consumers and employees dismayed by the order. The Trump administration says the travel ban is aimed at strengthening national security. Backlash over the measure knocked the wind out of the post-inaugural stock market rally, although major indexes rebounded on Wednesday. Trump’s executive order put a 120-day halt on the U.S. refugee program, barred Syrian refugees indefinitely and imposed a 90-day suspension on people from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. Along with protests it has prompted legal challenges in the United States and drawn criticism from several leading U.S. companies. Among those critics, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick wrote in an email to employees Saturday that “the ban will impact many innocent people — an issue that I will raise this coming Friday when I go to Washington for President Trump’s first business advisory group meeting.” Trump will kick off the two-hour meeting with an address lasting 10-15 minutes and will be followed by Stephen Schwarzman, the billionaire founder of private equity group Blackstone <BX.N>, who chairs the panel and assembled it at Trump’s request. Four topics will be discussed — regulatory relief, women in the work force, tax and trade, and infrastructure — with two to three people talking briefly about each subject to help shape “how the administration should be thinking,” according to a person familiar with the matter. Investors said the CEOs would be mindful of Trump’s penchant for rebuking companies publicly. “Given recent history, being called out publicly is something that the CEOs in that room and other CEOs will absolutely be mindful to avoid,” said Jim Russell, vice president at Bahl & Gaynor Inc, which oversees $17 billion and owns shares in several of the companies attending Friday’s meeting. “I’m sure they will pick their fights carefully and articulate them carefully.” It was not clear if all 19 members of the President’s Strategic and Policy Forum would attend Friday’s meeting. Other members include the CEOs of Tesla, Wal-Mart and Boeing. Tesla founder Elon Musk said this week that the travel order should be modified and he would seek a consensus among members of the advisory council. Ford Motor Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. and CEO Mark Fields have also criticized the travel measure. GM has declined to take a position. On Wednesday, a group of religious investors, human rights groups other activists urged members of the business advisory panel to speak out against the travel restrictions at the meeting with Trump. In a joint letter to the corporate leaders, the group said Trump’s order “undermines respect for human rights and the lives of workers and their families in the U.S. and beyond, and disrupts economic activity and company operations.” The letter was signed by dozens of people, including representatives of firms focused on socially-responsible investing like Calvert Research and Management and Domini Impact Investments. Others included representatives of the International Corporate Accountability Roundtable, the Institute for Human Rights and Business and the Interfaith Center on Corporate Responsibility. Companies that have been most critical of Trump’s immigration orders include Netflix, Apple, and Amazon.com, none of which form part of the business advisory panel. (Reporting by David Shepardson in Washington, D.C. Additional reporting by Trevor Hunnicutt in New York and Ross Kerber in Boston.; Editing by Frances Kerry and Tom Brown) ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Menu asia times EST 1995 Business | Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China South Asia Insights More Politics Business Culture Slideshow About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 03-02-2017 16:50 It’s time to restate the business case for migration (World Economic Forum) 03-02-2017 16:23 Insights // Chinese shift to ‘retailtainment’ presses luxury brands (Jessica Rapp) 03-02-2017 15:54 Vietnam celebrates today the 87th anniversary of its ruling Communist Party amid rising concerns about the country's political and economic health (David Hutt) 03-02-2017 15:19 Has Foxconn found a cure for zombies? Japan's Sharp raises full-year profit forecast after swinging into the black under new Taiwanese owners. (Reuters) 03-02-2017 15:16 The jailing and conviction of an FBI employee raises flags in counterintelligence that Americans should look at the strategic implications of China’s intelligence operations on US soil. (Peter J. Brown) 03-02-2017 15:04 Guangdong Wangjin Holdings Technology, which builds and operates online finance platforms for Chinese banks and insurers, plans to raise at least US$500 million in a Hong Kong initial public offering. (Reuters) 03-02-2017 13:29 A Filipino domestic worker filed a lawsuit in the District Court in Hong Kong against her former employer over her failure to provide a safe working environment, two Hong Kong newspapers reported. (Asia Times staff) 03-02-2017 12:41 China’s central bank surprised financial markets on Friday by raising short-term interest rates on the first day back from a long holiday, in a further sign of a tightening policy bias. (Reuters) 03-02-2017 12:18 Hindu devotees flock to temples and the Triveni River in Kathmandu to celebrate two festivals in Nepal – the Shreepanchami and the month-long Swasthani Bratakatha. (Asia Times and Reuters) 03-02-2017 12:05 Donald Trump's immigration halt has had precisely the result he intended, giving succour to those engaged in an existential war against jihadist elements after the incompetence and weakness of the Obama administration. (Spengler) 03-02-2017 11:34 South Korea Confirms Purge of N. Korean State Security Chief (KBS WORLD, ) 03-02-2017 11:17 Philippines shuts half its mines on environmental concerns (Reuters) 03-02-2017 11:10 New regulations in Indonesia that require mining companies to add more value to their extracted minerals could jeopardize the entire resource industry (John McBeth) 03-02-2017 11:05 Insights // Trump sets out to resolve the Persian puzzle in Syria (M.K. Bhadrakumar) 03-02-2017 10:54 Private citizens in Mongolia are donating cash, jewelry, gold and even horses to help the government make a near US$600 million payment to bondholders next month. (Reuters) 03-02-2017 10:29 Indonesia’s drive to add value to mineral extraction has jeopardized production at its largest foreign-invested copper and gold mine, and put the future of its entire mining industry in doubt. (John McBeth) 03-02-2017 07:56 Uber Technologies Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, facing criticism from immigration advocates quits President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday, the company said. (Reuters) 03-02-2017 06:25 Panasonic Corp said on Thursday its avionics unit is being investigated by US authorities under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and it has recently begun talks with officials to resolve the matter. (Reuters) 03-02-2017 06:15 As countries share the problem of an aging population, many are following Japan's lead in using robots to address the rise in dementia. But technology should be for and by people not imposed on them. (Nola Ries and Taro Sugihara) 03-02-2017 06:05 Here’s Why “Jobs President” Donald Trump Needs the Arts (Artsy Magazine) 03-02-2017 06:00 Luggage maker Samsonite International explores the possibility of establishing a production base in the United States, Chief Executive Officer Ramesh Tainwala said, but he was worried over a lack of skilled workers and poor infrastructure. (Benny Kung) 03-02-2017 06:00 The south Indian town of Mala yields a tale of non-Jews spearheading campaigns to save two monuments left behind by its now-departed Jewish community – a 1000-year old synagogue, and a four-acre cemetery. (Asia Times staff) 03-02-2017 04:45 Insights // China will not immediately profit from TPP’s collapse (Alberto Sperindio, Xi'an Jiaotong University) 03-02-2017 03:29 Insights // India and the UAE: Tackling terrorism together (Sudha Ramachandran, Independent Researcher) 03-02-2017 01:22 Insights // How China can better its image on the world stage (Grace Kim, Policy Planning Staff, State Department) 03-02-2017 01:06 Japan plans to tap its US$1.19 trillion public pension fund to invest in US infrastructure as part of a package of measures Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will present to US President Donald Trump during their summit in Washington on February 10. (Agencies) 03-02-2017 00:02 Secretary of State Rex Tillerson’s comment indicating the US would deny China access to its man-made island bases in the South China Sea caused a predictable furor. But few think the US is going to blockade the islands. (Grant Newsham) 02-02-2017 20:16 Insights // Canada at 150: Hate crimes and the Chinese question (Ng Weng Hoong) 02-02-2017 18:19 University of Hong Kong Vice-Chancellor Peter Mathieson has resigned from his position, i-Cable TV reported on Thursday, citing HKU’s council chairman Arthur Li Kwok-cheung. 02-02-2017 16:29 Hong Kong saw a decline in its score on freedoms in 2017 from last year amid Beijing’s intervention, according to the latest report published by Freedom House, a United States-based non-government organization. (Asia Times staff) the brief Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has bowed to the pressure. Photo: Reuters/Danish Siddiqui BusinessUber Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Ride hailing firm's Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, facing criticism from immigration advocates quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group By Reuters February 3, 2017 7:56 AM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 Uber Technologies Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, facing criticism from immigration advocates for serving on President Donald Trump’s business advisory group, quit the group on Thursday, the company said. The CEO of the ride hailing service had been under mounting pressure from activists who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the US is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors said its chief executive will attend, while Walt Disney said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. The departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They [the Trump administration] clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet, Apple and Amazon.com have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. Share Tweet Linkedin Email Business Uber Donald Trump immigration Microsoft Apple Alphabet Walt Disney General Motors IBM Google Amazon Comments More on this topic Indian states tightening screws on Ola, Uber Anusha Venkat China’s startups hit by dramatic funding slowdown Tech in Asia Uber expands bike-sharing service in India Mashable EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China South Asia Insights Politics Business Culture Slideshow Trending Topics #Southeast Asia #Middle East #Japan #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Sport About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
EN BM 中文 தமிழ் News Videos VOX Sign in Expiry date: Renew subscription Edit profile Sign out Subscribe Advertise Latest Kini Roundup KiniGuide Malaysians Kini Yoursay Opinions Letters Kini Lens Popular Tags Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group donaldtrump uber comments     Heather Somerville & David Shepardson, Reuters     Published 2017-02-03 10:40:00     Updated 2017-02-03 11:25:57 Heather Somerville & David Shepardson, Reuters More Uber Technologies Inc chief executive officer Travis Kalanick quit US President Donald Trump's business advisory group yesterday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately, it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group today, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokesperson Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the US is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House said in a statement yesterday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger". The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump today.General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier yesterday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. "In tomorrow's meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," he said in a tweet yesterday. Kalanick's departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp yesterday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump's order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney-general. -Reuters For more news and views that matter, subscribe and support independent media for only RM0.36 sen a day: Subscribe now donaldtrump uber Most Read Most Read Most Commented VOX KINI Related Reports donaldtrump uber Wisma Putra: No Malaysian detained at JFK Airport 2017-02-02 20:36:00 DAP rep disagrees with Harapan protest against Trump's travel ban 2017-02-02 16:00:00 PAS Youth submits memo to US embassy on 'Muslim ban' 2017-02-02 13:20:00 Swiss agency: Uber drivers eligible for company social security contributions 2017-01-05 17:30:00 Trump unveils new trade body, names China critic as adviser 2016-12-22 09:11:00 Mkini Dotcom Sdn. Bhd. Contact Us Digital Network Career Products Awards @Kini +603-7770 0000 - General +603-7770 0017 - Subscription +603-7770 0002 - Editorial +603-2788 4539 subscribe@malaysiakini.com Location No. 9, Jalan 51/205A, Off Jalan Tandang 46050 Petaling Jaya, Selangor View in Google Map RSS Feeds News   Opinions   Letters Digital network KiniTV VOX FG Media Manage4me KiniBooks Undi.info Campuskini Scholarships Citizen Journalism Job Vacancies Internship Malaysiakini welcomes applications for internships in the Mkini Group including Malaysiakini, KiniTV, FG Media and others. Learn more Product Chrome Extension Daily News Digest WhatsApp Broadcast Telegram Broadcast SMS News Alert RSS News Opinions Letters View Mobile Site Awards 4As Malaysia Putra Brand Award 2015, 2014, 2010 SOPA Investigative Reporting Award 2015 NPC Online Journalist of the Year 2014, 2011 World Bloggers and Social Media Awards 2014 YouTube Silver Play Button 2013 National Sovereignty Medal 2013 Human Rights Award 2012 4As Media Personality Award 2012, 2010 Asiaweek 50 Most Influential Communicators 2001 Free Media Pioneer Award 2001 Businessweek 50 Stars of Asia 2001 Press Freedom Award 2000 50 Movers & Shakers of the New Economy 2000 International Press Freedom Award 2000 Malaysiakini news and views that matter About Malaysiakini Advertise with us EN BM 中文 Malaysiakini news and views that matter News Videos VOX Live Reporting Elections About us Advertise with us Internship with us Sign in Subscribe Sign out Expiry: Just In Sign In Subscribe Now Forgot Password? Email Support
Startup Launch! Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2016 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Founders Forum Inspiration Chronicles World's Coolest Offices Lift Inc. Live How I Did It Drinks With… Idea Lab Playbook Productivity Playbook Tip Sheet Origin Stories Ask Marcus Lemonis Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise LAUNCH! PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO BUSINESS TOOLS Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Startup Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. MONEY Millionaire to Broke: 8 Tips I've Learned About Managing My Money Better If you have a $10,000 credit card bill with an 18 percent interest rate, and you make only the minimum payment of 2 percent, it's going to take you 40 years to pay off that credit card. By John Rampton John Rampton is an entrepreneur, investor, online marketing guru, and startup enthusiast. He is the founder of online payment company Due. Best known as an entrepreneur and connector, Rampton was recently ranked No. 2 in Entrepreneur magazine's Top 50 Online Influencers in the World, and named a marketing expert by Time. He currently advises several companies in the San Francisco Bay area. @johnrampton Entrepreneur and investor@johnrampton WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Getty Images Advertisement When I was younger, and my career was starting to take off, money management wasn't a priority. Things were going well financially and I went out and purchased a car that wasn't exactly practical and started doing some traveling. Of course, the good times didn't last and I had to drastically change my lifestyle. While I was able to rebound financially, it took some time to get back on my feet. I had a lot of debt and not much money saved. Thankfully, I learned from my errors and have made money management a top priority, so that I'm not put in that situation ever again, by using the following eight tips. 1. Delay gratification. This is arguably the most challenging obstacle when it comes to money management. After all, in most circumstances, our emotions cloud our thinking. For example, it's easy to want to go on a shopping spree when you've just received your paycheck, but you have bills and more important expenses to worry about first. Instead, you need to delay gratification. It's actually a tactic that wealthy individuals practice: Only purchase an item if you have the money for it. In other words, instead of using your credit card for a new wardrobe, smartphone, or vacation, save up this money so you can make the purchase in cash. Even if you need a credit card to make the purchase, you should at least have enough cash in the bank to pay off the card immediately. Those interest rates can really do a number on your finances. 2. Track your spending. Take a couple of minutes and write down every penny you spend each month and how much cash you're bringing in--a.k.a., create a budget. Do those expenses exceed your income? If so, it's time to start trimming the fat. Creating a monthly budget isn't as complicated as you might think. As mentioned above, it basically just shows you where all of your money is going each month. After you've listed each expense, you may realize that there's some wasteful spending on your list, like the monthly gym membership you rarely use or an outrageously expensive cable bill. Cutting those small expenses can improve your financial situation in no time, since it not only reduces your spending, it can also keep you on track when achieving financial goals. If you need a little help with tracking, planning, saving, and even investing your money, there are budgeting apps such as YNAB, LevelMoney, PocketGuard, and Spendee that you need to try. 3. Prioritize your bills. Most of us have monthly expenses like rent, a mortgage, insurance, utilities, and a credit card. Even if you have enough money to cover these expenses each month, it's easy to miss a due date when juggling all of these bills. The result? Late fees and expensive interest rates. To stay organized, you should create a calendar so that you know when each bill is due. Make it a priority to send out a check at least seven to 10 days prior to the due date so you don't get hit with late fees. Better yet, set up recurring payments, so that the amount due is automatically withdrawn from your bank account. This eliminates the need for writing a check and mailing it--which saves you time and money, since you don't have to pay for postage. Keep in mind that when prioritizing your bills, creditors come last. Your top priorities should be essential expenses like rent and utilities. It's kind of difficult to work from home and make money when you don't have the electricity or heat on--or an internet connection! 4. Build an emergency fund and start saving for retirement. An emergency fund comes in handy if you lose your job or have a sudden and unexpected expense, like a medical emergency or replacing work-related equipment. If you don't have the cash to pay for these expenses, you'll probably turn to your credit card--which ultimately puts you in further debt. Furthermore, you should also be setting aside money for your retirement so that you don't have to be concerned about your future. The first thing to decide when planning for your retirement is what kind of lifestyle you want down the road. This varies from person to person, but it will guide you in setting aside the appropriate amount. To make saving easier, consider automating your savings. This means that you decide on an amount of money to be automatically deducted from your paycheck and placed into a money market or IRA. Since this money is taken out automatically, you don't have a chance to spend it. It's suggested that people place 10 percent toward investments and 5 percent toward savings. 5. Understand tax basics. Whether you're employed by someone else or self-employed, you're responsible for taxes. For example, income taxes. This varies across the country, but it's important to know how much is taken out of your paycheck so that you're positive that you're earning enough to meet all of your financial goals and obligations. Thankfully, there are payroll calculators, such as this one from Paycheck City, that can help you out with this. Additionally, understanding your taxes also means that you may be eligible for tax deductions. For example, if you're a freelancer who works from home, you may qualify for a home-office deduction and even deductions for some of your utility and cleaning expenses. 6. Don't pay full price and put more cash in your pocket. Here's another secret from the wealthy: Never pay full price. Believe it or not, some of the wealthy use coupons, wait for sales or promotions, and shop at locations like Walmart or Target, not luxury retailers like Tiffany & Co. or Brooks Brothers. Besides never paying full price for the items that you need, you can make money off of your past purchases through reward sites like Ebates, selling your old gadgets, and renting the stuff you're currently not using, such as a spare bedroom, parking space, or household items. If you really want to put some extra cash in your pocket, pick up a side gig that you can do whenever you have spare time. 7. Borrow wisely. Credit is actually a good thing, since it can be used to make larger purchases, such as a car or home--you can even earn cash back and rewards. However, borrowing money to purchase smaller items, like furniture for your home or office, or using a credit card to buy a car can come back to haunt you. For example, if you have a $10,000 credit card bill with an 18 percent interest rate, and you make only the minimum payment of 2 percent, it's going to take you 40 years to pay off that credit card. In short, use long-term credit for larger purchases and short-term credit for purchases that can be paid off quickly. 8. Protect your wealth. One of the worst things that can happen is having your hard earned money suddenly disappear. To prevent this, take precautionary steps to protect your wealth. If you rent, make sure you have renter's insurance in order to protect the assets of your home or office from unexpected events like burglary or fire. Disability insurance will ensure that you have some income if you're unable to work because of an injury or illness. The opinions expressed here by Inc.com columnists are their own, not those of Inc.com. Published on: Jan 30, 2017 Advertisement
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Assembly Elections 2017 Mail Today &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2650544;g=0;c=821003559;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=8;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News World facbook twitter googlepluse Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. Reuters  | Posted by Avarnita Mathur  reuters@intoday.com San Francisco / Washington, February 3, 2017 | UPDATED 08:03 IST A +A - Highlights 1 Travis Kalanick quits Trump's business advisory group. 2 Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order. 3 The move could put pressure on other CEOs. Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. SOCIAL MEDIA CAMPAIGNS TARGETED UBER Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." Also read: Trump's ban on immigration: Court allows entry to immigrant visa holders The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned-board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. DEPARTURE COULD SIGNAL RIFT The departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Musk said he would attend the meeting. "In tomorrow's meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," he said in a tweet on Thursday. Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Also read: Barack Obama rejects Donald Trump's immigration ban, backs protests Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump's order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. Also read: President Trump fires acting US Attorney General for refusing to enforce immigration order Watch the video   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Uber CEO quits# Travis Kalanick# Donald Trump# Immigration policy   Suggested Stories Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2016 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
Home Photos Videos XML Contact Us News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology Home » News » World News » Mexicans venting their ire by beating the life out of 'Trump Pinata' Mexicans venting their ire by beating the life out of 'Trump Pinata' 7 hours ago | 03-02-2017 | ANI Washington D.C. [U.S.], Feb. 3 : Fuming over President Trump's plan to erect a wall between U.S. and Mexico and the threats to use a 20% tariff on Mexican goods to finance it, Mexicans have taken a 'traditional' route to vent their ire at the troubling developments. According to CNN, Donald Trump pinatas have flooded the Mexican markets and are selling like hot cakes. Papier mache dolls with his trademark shock of yellow hair and business suits have appeared alongside Batman and Disney princesses at stalls. The only problem is they sell out fast! "As soon as we get them, they're gone," said shop owner Genoveva de la Cruz, as she displayed the last Trump piñata left at her stall. Meanwhile, campaigns have been launched on social media, urging Mexicans to boycott McDonald's (MCD), Starbucks (SBUX), Coca-Cola (KO) and Walmart (WMT) after Trump signed an executive order for the construction of the wall. The hashtags #AdiosStarbucks and #AdiosProductosGringos quickly started trending. However, Starbucks defended itself, saying that its local division is a Mexico-owned franchise which provides jobs to around 7,000 Mexicans and features Mexican-grown coffees. Tensions between the two countries rose after Trump insisted that Mexico pay for the wall and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto cancelled a meeting with Trump over the standoff. The Trump's administration then floated the idea of charging a 20% import tax on goods coming from Mexico. And on the other hand, six million U.S. jobs depend on trade with Mexico. Taxing Mexican imports affects many U.S. companies that send parts south of the border to be assembled. Analysts say Peña Nieto has a few cards up his sleeve. For instance, Mexico could stop cooperating on issues like security and drug trafficking. Previous News Next News News Categories World India Business Sports Bollywood Hollywood Kerala Education Health Technology Automobile Travel Computer Features Yearly Horoscope 2017 Aquarius Aries Cancer Capricorn Gemini Leo Libra Pisces Sagittarius Scorpio Taurus Virgo Select Your Star Sign: Aries (Mar 21-Apr 19) Taurus (Apr 20-May 20) Gemini (May 21-Jun 21) Cancer (Jun 22-Jul 22) Leo (Jul 23-Aug 22) Virgo (Aug 23-Sep 22) Libra (Sep 23-Oct 22) Scorpio (Oct 23-Nov 20) Sagittarius (Nov 21-Dec 21) Capricorn (Dec 22-Jan 20) Aquarius (Jan 21-Feb 21) Pisces (Feb 22-Mar 20) News Maps Travel India Info Games Education Self Help Recipes Names Astrology © Copyright 2017. All rights reserved. newkerala.com
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Budget 2017 Arun Jaitley Kaabil Raees Donald Trump Home Money #deleteUber: CEO Travis Kalanick quits Donald Trump's business advisory group Uber CEO Travis Kalanick (File Photo) Shares0 Fri, 3 Feb 2017-07:36am , Reuters Kalanick decided to step down from the group amid rising resistance from activists and employees who oppose the new US President's policies. Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. "In tomorrow's meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick's departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump's order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < 2 women flee with valuables from wedding at Eros hotel   Comments   Also Read Money RBI to take call on lifting weekly cash withdrawal limit soon Money Govt plans strategic sale of 3 PSUs, to merge 4 Money BSE makes stellar debut at NSE, lists with nearly 35% premium Money Aircel-Maxis case: ED moves SC against Maran brothers' discharge by 2G Court Money H-1B visa muddle: Indian IT firms to meet Trump officials, to highlight contribution to US economy Money Stop using H-1B visas, hire Americans: Narayana Murthy tells Indian cos < Previous ArticleNext Article > 2 women flee with valuables from wedding at Eros hotel Related Tesla CEO Elon Musk to attend meeting with Donald Trump, flag immigration worry Asian shares rattled by Donald Trump travel curb orders, dollar soft After #deleteUber, CEO Travis Kalanick announces $3-million driver benefit fund, more support Video Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media View all Tags Muslim ban travel ban Travis Kalanick Donald Trump Elon Musk Indra Nooyi Washington Battery Ventures Blackstone Group Boston Consulting Group Google Reuters Silicon Valley White House Amazon Microsoft Corp Alphabet Apple Expedia General Motors IBM JPMorgan Chase Neeraj Agrawal PepsiCo Tesla US Uber Technologies Uber Wal-MartWalt Disney Co SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Congo rebel revival endangers elections - ambassador to U.N. UPDATE 2-Japan readies package for Trump to help create 700,000 U.S. jobs Trump pick for China ambassador sees 'win-win' boost to trade ties Germany's Merkel says Europe has its fate in its own hands The death toll in building collapse in China rises to 7 Sport Kevin Pietersen pulls out of IPL-10 owing to excess cricket Kohli is enemy No.1 but sledging will backfire: Hussey NBA-Highlights of Thursday's NBA games IND vs AUS: Mike Hussey warns Australia to avoid angering Virat Kohli Reuters Sports News Summary Entertainment SC to hear 'Jolly LLB-2' matter on Feb. 7 FINALLY! Akshay Kumar BREAKS SILENCE on having ISSUES with Priyanka Chopra Outsiders can't afford to do ordinary work in Bollywood: Vidyut WATCH | 'Hare Krishna Hare Ram' from 'Commando 2': Vidyut Jammwal gives an energetic TWIST to the song! This has deeply affected me: Priyanka on Trump immigration ban Money Steel prices remain steady in thin trade Gram, its dal fall on subdued demand Select base metals slide on muted demand Companies spend over Rs 18,600 cr towards CSR in 2 years Wheat extends losses on ample stocks Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 3 February 2017 | MYT 9:35 AM Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Making a stand: Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. — Reuters SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON: Uber Technologies Inc chief executive officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the US is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned-board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. The departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general.   —  Reuters   You May Be Interested Apple moves closer to iPhone assembly in India Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Nintendo plays with fire as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Here’s Apple’s challenge in India Samsung in talks with Japan’s Murata for S8 batteries: Nikkei Mobile gaming is box office business Others Also Read ‘Paradise’ Pulau Mengalum popular with tourists from China Australia take command over Czechs For a tossing good celebration advertisement Latest News Apple to build iPhone in India this year: official Amazon projects spending that concerns investors watching profit Snap signed five-year, US$2bil deal to use Google’s Cloud Nintendo plays with fire as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Under attack from hackers, UK isn’t hiring staff fast enough Most Viewed in Tech Apple to build iPhone in India this year: official Is it time to say ‘goodbye’ to Google Allo? Nintendo plays with fire as new mobile game takes ‘gacha’ global Snap signed five-year, US$2bil deal to use Google’s Cloud Samsung in talks with Japan’s Murata for S8 batteries: Nikkei Under attack from hackers, UK isn’t hiring staff fast enough Apple moves closer to iPhone assembly in India Amazon projects spending that concerns investors watching profit Credit card thieves move online as chips cut in-store fraud Irish calculation similar to EU on Apple tax estimate: minister Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 10 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 336-727-7211. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday & All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $15.95 $15.95 Monday - Saturday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $11.09* $11.09* Existing Subscribers $11.09* Saturday - Monday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $12.69* $12.69* Existing Subscribers $12.69* Sunday Only & All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $10.05* $10.05* Existing Subscribers $10.05* All Access Only Receive unlimited web and mobile web access to JournalNow.com and get an electronic replica edition every day. New Subscribers $9.99* $9.99* Existing Subscribers $9.99* × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Print Only $15.95 $15.95 Existing Subscribers $15.95 Monday – Saturday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday.  Print Only $10.10 $10.10 Existing Subscribers $10.10 Saturday – Monday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Print Only $11.70 $11.70 Existing Subscribers $11.70 Sunday Only Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Print Only $9.06 $9.06 Existing Subscribers $9.06 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Cars Homes Advertise With Us Calendar 42° Overcast Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Cloudy. A shower of rain or wet snow possible. High 44F. Winds NNE at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low near 25F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: February 3, 2017 @ 3:54 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip Search Journalnow.com E-Edition Special Sections Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Close Ask SAM: Why have trees been cut along Reynolda? Tim Clodfelter Tim Clodfelter 7 hrs ago (…) Q: Why has a big row of trees been cut down back in the woods along Reynolda Road from Buena Vista to the practice field, across from the Children’s Home? S.B. Answer: “This area that is being cleared is part of the Reynolda Road Sewer Outfall Replacement project,” said Michael W. Stover, utilities capital projects engineer with City/County Utilities. “We are replacing the existing sewer line with a larger pipe to increase capacity and accommodate growth. “Pipe work is expected to follow clearing and erosion control activities.” Q: Can you tell us what stores will be located in the new shopping center that is under construction in Kernersville near the intersection of South Main Street and South Cherry Street? I’ve heard Lowes Foods for sure, but there seems to be many more stores included in this construction. S.R. Answer: Other than Lowes, the only confirmed tenant so far is a Jersey Mike’s Subs, but there are spaces for several more. The shopping center is called Main Street Market. “Along with Lowes Foods there are three outparcels in the shopping center,” said Jennifer Tanner with the Town of Kernersville. “One outparcel has five possible units, another has seven, and the last has six. This is subject to change depending on the size of space requested by a tenant meaning they could request three spaces.” At last word, the target date for the new Lowes opening is Spring 2017. Q: At Walmart Market in the pharmacy section, I received two different tax rates on Six Star protein bars. For the Six Star Chocolate Deluxe bar, the sales tax was 6.75 percent. For the Six Star Peanut Butter Chocolate bar, the sales tax was 2 percent. Is this an error? S.K. Answer: “Based on the information provided, it is likely that one of the bars meets the definition of “candy,” according to Trevor Johnson, a spokesman with the state Department of Revenue. Therefore, he said in an email response, the bar “is subject to the general 4.75 percent state and applicable local (2 percent in this instance it appears based on the locale of the retail location). The other bar must not meet the definition of ‘candy’ and is therefore subject to tax as food at the 2% rate of tax.” North Carolina General Statute 105-164.3(2) defines “candy” as “(a) preparation of sugar, honey, or other natural or artificial sweeteners in combination with chocolate, fruits, nut, or other ingredients or flavorings in the form of bars, drops or pieces that do not require refrigeration.” “The term does not include any preparation that contains flour,” Johnson said. Q: I know that Girl Scout cookies have gone on sale, but where may they be purchased in Winston-Salem? F.C. Answer: If you don’t have coworkers or neighbors with Girl Scouts, you can often find them set up on weekends outside Walmarts, grocery stores and mall entrances. You can find the nearest cookie sellers to you by going to the Girl Scouts cookie website at www.girlscouts.org/en/cookies/all-about-cookies.html and entering your ZIP Code. SAM always recommends the Thin Mints, and this year’s new S’mores cookies are pretty good, too.Email: AskSAM@wsjournal.com Tags Mall Commerce Economics Gastronomy Sam Cookie Food Store Michael W. Stover Seller Trevor Johnson Tim Clodfelter Follow Tim Clodfelter Close Get email notifications on Tim Clodfelter daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Tim Clodfelter posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Tim Clodfelter Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Popular This Week Former Wolfpack star Charles Shackleford found dead Police seize 92 pounds of marijuana from Winston-Salem man Parents seek answers in death of son found in Peters Creek ravine Trump considering order that would target immigrants on welfare or likely to rely on welfare Winston-Salem man held on $1 million bond on multiple drug charges Reynolds students arrested at school, charged in assault Senate bill targets retiree health benefit changes Two bulls get loose in Winston-Salem neighborhood As Trump orders deportations and a wall, a Wake Forest student braces for uncertain future Sexton: Vietnam vet runs headlong into blizzard of forms, denials at VA Poll Who do you think will win the Super Bowl? You voted: Atlanta Falcons New England Patriots I don't care about football. Vote View Results Back Galleries East Forsyth Boys Basketball 66-60 Victory Over High Point Central Cam Newton's fashion style Davie County Quail and Upland Wildlife Federation Field Day West Forsyth Boys Over Mount Tabor 61-45 Sections News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC © 2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
My account Change My Password Logout Search Autos Homes Careers Classified Obituaries Postmedia Friday, February 3, 2017 London, ON -10° Light snow Sponsored by: LONDON GOLD BUYER Home News Sports Entertainment Life Money Opinion Homes Shopping Contests Videos Partnerships Marketplace Flyer City UR Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Become a carrier Television Horoscopes Today's Crossword Playoff Pool Neighbours TAG Deals More News Gardening New Homes Weekend Open Houses Home Seller Homes News Room for Improvement: Running out of time?  Special to Postmedia Network Thursday, February 2, 2017 8:13:47 EST PM 21st-century kitchens connect with your smartphone to increase flexibility and save time. Tweet Change text size for the story Print Report an error Time: the 21st century’s most precious commodity. As the clock ticks, we aspire to making the best of every situation and hope we never waste a moment. That said, it’s not always easy — with one eye on the clock we feel forever embroiled in a frantic race for the finishing line. And we’re not alone. Professional and social interface reveals we’re a nation of time bandits. But help is at hand. Technology, of late, has galloped. Watches can now be set to determine wake up time, calories consumed, how many steps we’ve taken and when we’re due to meet friends for dinner. Aye, as the hamster wheel spins faster, it’s clear modern life is guzzling time. Mindful, we worship ‘lifestyle solutions’ that ease the daily grind. Labour saving devices, smart apps and time efficient ‘virtual mechanisms’ are all potentially great news. Anything, in fact, that ‘streamlines’ — thereby maxing up time to binge on Netflix and, erm, wine drinking — is cool, n’est pas? The best news? ‘Labour saving’ has come a long way since the 1950s when a pop up toaster was considered a veritable Jetson’s fantasy. The Dyson 360 Eye, for example, is an automated vacuum (with twice the suction of other robot vacuums) that can literally suck when you’re out to avoid noisy post work clean ups. A remote scheduling app proffers controllability via smart phone. Visit www.dysoncanada.ca to learn how this compact beauty saves time as it traverses your home. But technology advancement doesn’t stop there. ‘Homes of the future’ are now one step nearer thanks to Nest Labs (www.nest.com) who specialize in intuitive kit like ‘Learning Thermostat’, an electronic Wi-Fi-enabled gizmo that optimizes heating and cooling to conserve energy and save cash. You can even adjust settings via your smartphone to vary heat prior to arriving home. Nest also has lots of virtual ‘friends’ and can communicate with Nuheat underfloor heating, Yale’s keyless lock system (hey: no more fumbling in your bag) and Lutron lighting. Also Google Home which means fave tunes can be programmed to play as you walk in the door. Imagine this combined tech’ as a considerate partner — or personal concierge — who lovingly creates the perfect environment. Just think of the time you’ll save by automating these functions! Even the supermarket sector is entering the time saving market. In a bid to enhance efficiency, Walmart has introduced ‘Grocery Pick Up Service’, a simple, but clever, concept. Simply shop online for guaranteed top quality fresh produce and groceries (at regular prices) then choose from a list of stores, Penguin Pick-Up or condo locations to collect your order at a time that suits. Orders are a minimum of $50 with a $3-$5 service fee. Upon arrival, an employee brings your groceries so you needn’t even leave the car. Drive in and drive off with a loaded trunk: smart, huh? By saving your groceries list on the app’, your weekly shop can be done — and adjusted — via your smartphone to free up spare time: a boon if you work long hours, spend lots of time on the road or have a full time family to take care of. Shop online at www.walmart.ca/en/grocery or download the app from the app store. Ikea, too, are on the time saving ball. Eyeing the future, the Swedish giant is exploring how today’s smart homes can become even more efficient. Their Concept Kitchen 2025, for example, plays with the idea of a ‘living table’ that uses everyday technology to cook food (via hidden rings), suggest recipes based on leftovers, charge your phone or even reheat your coffee. Wow — the talking table could be just around the corner. 2017 will also see Samsung (www.samsung.com) launch their Family Hub refrigerator, a sophisticated multi-tasker that boasts a digital family command centre that lets you post, update calendars and leave notes via your smartphone. It could also help organize home tasks and provide onscreen music and entertainment. With wi-fi ready Samsung ovens and laundry systems hot on their heels (along with the rest of today’s time saving solutions) your kitchen could very well end up resembling the bridge of The Starship Enterprise. And with all that extra time on your hands, Captain Kirk’s split infinitive ‘To boldly go where no one has gone before” could spell a modern world, just around the corner. Watch for Colin and Justin on ‘Colin and Justin’s Cabin Pressure’ (Cottage Life TV) and on ‘Cityline’ (Citytv). Find the ‘Colin and Justin Home Collection’ in stores across Canada. For more information, visit www.colinandjustin.tv.  Featured Businesses Contact us to Advertise » Automotive Oil Gard Anti-Rust Services Steve Brazier CPA, CA Real Estate Brad McClelland Go to the Marketplace » Contribute Send Your Scoop! Share your story, photo or video about something you've seen. Send your story Subscription Start your day with The London Free Press Choose among a variety of subscription packages and stay up to date with convenient home delivery and our on the go digital e-edition. View my options E-Editions London View, submit, participate! Advertise Advertise online Announce your business Reach potential customers Contribute Send us news, photos or videos Add an event to the calendar Follow The London Free Press Search News Local Ontario Canada World Sports High School Sports Local Hockey Hockey Baseball Basketball Football Soccer Curling Golf Motorsports Other Sports Playoff Pool Entertainment Local Movies Music Television Books Video Games Celebrities Life Health Food Travel Money Contests Videos Partnerships Marketplace Flyer City Photos Let's Renovate Events Weather Polls Become a carrier Television Horoscopes Today's Crossword Playoff Pool Neighbours TAG Deals Opinion Editorial Letters Column Homes News Gardening New Homes Weekend Open Houses Home Seller Shopping Print Ads Virtual Flyers Special Sections Marketplace Autoseller UR Entertainment Life Money News Opinion Sports Subscribe Print E-Edition Advertise Online Print The London Free Press Feedback Letters to the editor Postmedia Publications Where to buy Services Autos Canoe Careers Classifieds Homes Obituaries Sitemap Privacy Terms Research Contact-us © 2017 The London Free Press. All rights reserved. A member of Sun Media Community Newspapers part of Postmedia Network. Powered by Fatwire
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Tech February 2, 2017 8:51 pm Updated: February 2, 2017 8:55 pm Uber CEO quits Donald Trump’s business advisory group amid travel ban uproar By Heather Somerville and David Shepardson Reuters WATCH: Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump‘s business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. Story continues below “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. READ MORE: How big businesses around the world are reacting to Trump’s travel ban Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. WATCH: Trump’s travel ban is good news for Canada’s tech sector The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump “understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation’s economy stronger.” READ MORE: New York cabbies to halt JFK airport pickups for an hour to protest Trump travel ban The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned-board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. The departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. READ MORE: Former NSA/CIA director: Trump’s travel ban an ‘abomination’ “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They (the Trump administration) clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. © 2017 Thomson Reuters Report an error Donald Trump Donald Trump Uber Travis Kalanick Travis Kalanick Trump Uber Uber CEO Uber Donald Trump Editor's Picks Crime 20 years later, Diana Saunders still searches for her 3 missing sons Canada Muslim misconceptions: The everyday Islamophobia facing Canadians Money Trump travel ban prompts high-skilled workers, companies to reconsider Canada Politics Anonymous calls for travel ban on US citizens, boycott of Donald Trump businesses Commentary Cucks and chaos: How Trump sets conservatives at each other's throats Canada Renee was diagnosed with bipolar disorder, depression and agoraphobia. Here’s how she got help FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now Nordstrom drops Ivanka Trump's brand, and it's not because of her dad 70583 20 years later, Diana Saunders still searches for her 3 missing sons 10360 'Can you hear me?': Don't say 'Yes' in new telephone scam 6938 Deadly Craigslist trade ends with Florida father shot in front of son 2751 Boston Marathon bombing survivor engaged to firefighter who saved her 2667 Sponsored content Popular Videos B.C.’s missing children WATCH NOW Organization marks 30 years of helping families of missing children WATCH NOW Ivanka Trump: The First Daughter WATCH NOW Lethbridge woman who was brutally attacked is discharged from hospital 4 months later WATCH NOW How to save money on food WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Latest News Nation Elections 2017 World Business Budget 2017 Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation Elections 2017 World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Budget 2017 Latest News Most deposited Rs 2 lakh or more, some used one PAN for 20 accounts: Govt No case against Kalanithi Maran, misreading of files led to Aircel-Maxis probe: Court Campaign guns fall silent in Punjab, each threatens to send other to jail Bastar top cop who went after activists, journalists asked by govt to go on leave Delhi police to Interpol: Need a red corner notice against Sanjay Bhandari Home Business Companies Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Donald Trump’s business advisory group Uber CEO Travis Kalanick quits Donald Trump’s business advisory group "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick said. By: Reuters | San Francisco/washington | Published:February 3, 2017 6:56 am Travis Kalanick, addresses a gathering at an event in New Delh. (Reuters) Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump’s business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Watch What Else Is Making News Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the US is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump “understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation’s economy stronger.” The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned-board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. The departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They (the Trump administration) clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. Budget 2017 BusinessMost deposited Rs 2 lakh or more, some used one PAN for 20 accounts: Govt Budget wasted, no steps to spur growth: Chidambaram BusinessEnforcing Rs 15-lakh cap on cash holding difficult; idea still being examined, says Hasmukh Adhia Best of Express MPs demand probe into the way E Ahamed's death was 'handled' EntertainmentRaees box office collection day 9: Shah Rukh Khan film collects Rs 122.36 crore EntertainmentAjith's six-pack abs in Vivegam impress SRK EntertainmentBeyonce's nude pregnancy photoshoot EntertainmentKung Fu Yoga movie review Must Read Sports'For Aussies, Kohli is public enemy number one' SportsDespite roll back, BCCI will earn around Rs 2,500 crore SportsPietersen rules himself out of IPL 2017 TechnologyApple iPhones will be manufactured in Bengaluru: Here are the details TechnologyTrump immigration ban: Microsoft's exemption plan, Facebook to be hit by H1-B TechnologyXiaomi Redmi Note 4 sale on Mi.com over, all versions out of stock  LFW S/R 2017: Preity Zinta steals the show in a Mekhla Chador on Day 2, highlights Feb 03: Latest News BHU admissions 2017: Banaras Hindu University begins application process Kite festival held in Pune Two billion years of volcanic activity on Mars unveiled Sanjay Dutt biopic in safe hands: Priya Dutt In New York refugee haven, new anxiety in age of Donald Trump                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
France 24 - International news 24/7 International News 24/7 Top stories Filter the page : News Wires 24h Videos Videos Shows France Africa Middle east Europe Americas Asia / pacific Sports Business / tech Culture Documentaries In depth Infographics The observers   Don't miss Replay LATEST SHOWS THE DEBATE Romania's Boiling Point: Outrage over decree to loosen corruption laws (part 2) Read more THE DEBATE Romania's Boiling Point: Outrage over decree to loosen corruption laws (part 1) Read more REPORTERS Video: Jihad Sisters, French women bound for ISIS Read more PEOPLE & PROFIT Greek debt drama: Is Grexit back on the table? Read more ENCORE! Music show: Tkay Maidza, reinventing Australian hip-hop Read more FOCUS Japan's pariah descendants fight present-day discrimination Read more FRENCH CONNECTIONS A voté! How France elects its president Read more INSIDE THE AMERICAS Discovering the electric blue bay of Vieques in Puerto Rico Read more IN THE PAPERS Beyoncé's baby bump is a 'political rallying cry' Read more All shows COMMENT(S) TV guide  comments TV Guide Uber Donald Trump immigration Business Uber CEO quits Trump advisory group after backlash Tweet print © AFP / DPA / Tobia Hase (file photo) | Travis Kalanick, co-founder of Uber, speaking at a conference in Munich on January 18, 2015. Text by NEWS WIRES Latest update : 2017-02-03 Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, facing criticism from immigration advocates for serving on President Donald Trump's business advisory group, quit the group on Thursday, the company said. The CEO of the ride hailing service had been under mounting pressure from activists who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive will attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned-board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. The departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump's order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. (REUTERS) Date created : 2017-02-03 Tweet print USA-Australia Trump outburst imperils US-Australia asylum deal Read more US US Senate confirms former Exxon chief Rex Tillerson as Secretary of State Read more USA Trump faces wave of international criticism over travel ban Read more COMMENT(S) Top stories Romania graft law furor continues as government refuses repeal Read more Uber CEO quits Trump advisory group after backlash Read more Settlements ‘may not be helpful’ to peace, Trump tells Israel Read more Video: Jihad Sisters, French women bound for ISIS Read more Cameroon beat Ghana to reach Africa Cup of Nations final Read more US condemns 'aggressive' Russia as Ukraine fighting continues Read more US warns of 'overwhelming' response if N. Korea uses nuclear weapons Read more Tshisekedi’s gone and Congo faces another critical challenge Read more Penelope Fillon said in 2007 she ‘never worked for husband’ Read more UK government publishes Brexit strategy Read more Thousands attend funeral for victims of Quebec mosque shooting Read more Trump outburst imperils US-Australia asylum deal Read more Live news All the news 09:43 F24 COLOMBIA Way cleared for peace talks as Colombia rebels free hostage Read more 09:20 AFP Philippine education ministry rejects school condoms Read more 09:20 AFP Play about IS tackles Muslim teen radicalisation Read more 09:00 AFP Oil spill threatens India's nesting turtles Read more All the news SOCIAL MEDIA The Observers Read more Featured What does Chinese Year of the Rooster mean? Read more Halal market is an ‘invented tradition’, not... Read more French right has no presidential candidate if... Read more Is Paris winning the war against air pollutio... Read more 'Allo 'Allo: When French politicians speak En... Read more How to cut cheese and the French 'fromage' ru... Read more News Top stories France Africa Middle East Americas Europe Asia/Pacific Business/Tech Sports Culture Oped On TV France 24 live Accessibility Shows Documentaries Press review Podcasts Beyond the news The Observers Webdocumentaries In depth Mashable FR Online services Newsletters My Account Mobiles / Tablets Connected TV RSS feeds Join the community France 24 on social media Facebook Twitter Google + Dailymotion Youtube Foursquare Soundcloud Watch us on TV About France 24 Press Press kit Advertising Contact us Site map Terms of use © 2017 Copyright France 24 – All rights reserved France 24 is not responsible for the content of external websites search Term Search Filters France Médias Monde The Observers Mashable FR RFI RFI Music Learn French Monte Carlo Doualiya Académie France Médias Monde Watch us on TV Travel Français English عربي Accessibility My account Sign in Presentation Help My profile Presentation Help Logout Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from...{* loginWidget *} With a traditional account...{* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account{* /signInForm *} Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}{* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In{* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Email address Not Verified You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email.{* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in.{* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* phone *} {* addressCity *} {* addressCountry *} By clicking "Create Account", you confirm that you accept our  terms of service  and have read and understand  privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Sign In{* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* phone *} {* addressCity *} {* addressCountry *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", you confirm that you accept our  terms of service  and have read and understand  privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to  {* emailAddressData *}.  Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password.{* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |}{| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In{* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Thank you for verifiying your email address.{* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password{* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Close We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one.{* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *}{* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileModalForm *} Account Info{* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* publicPrivate *} {* journalistContact *} {* aboutMe *} {* usernameTwPublic *} {* preferedContactLanguages *} {* arabicUsername *} {* persianUsername *} {* skypeId *} {* usernameTw *} {* journalistContact *} {* publicPrivate *} {* profession *} Subscribe to newsletters {* newsMenu *} {* optinalert *} {* optinBestofWeek *} {* optinBestofWEnd *} {* optinBestofObs *} {* newsMenuEn *} {* optinalertEn *} {* optinBestofWeekEn *} {* optinBestofWEndEn *} {* optinBestofObsEn *} {* newsMenuAr *} {* optinalertAr *} {* optinBestofWeekAr *} {* optinBestofWEndAr *} {* optinBestofObsAr *} {* optinQuotidienne *} {* optinBreaking *} {* optinAutopromo *} {* optinPartenaires *} {* optinActuMonde *} {* optinActuAfrique *} {* optinAlert *} {* optinRfiAfriqueFootFr *} {* optinMfi *} {* optinActuMusique *} {* optinOffreRfi *} {* optinOffrePartenaire *} {* savedProfileMessage *}{* /editProfileModalForm *} Change password{* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile.{* deactivateAccountForm *} No{* /deactivateAccountForm *}
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Mail Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group By Heather Somerville and David Shepardson ReutersFebruary 3, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Uber CEO Travis Kalanick attends the summer World Economic Forum in Tianjin, China, June 26, 2016. REUTERS/Shu ZhangMore By Heather Somerville and David Shepardson SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Inc CEO Elon Musk, PepsiCo Inc CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. Musk said he would attend the meeting. "In tomorrow's meeting, I and others will express our objections to the recent executive order on immigration and offer suggestions for changes to the policy," he said in a tweet on Thursday. Kalanick's departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. (Reporting by Heather Somerville in San Francisco, David Shepardson and Emily Stephenson in Washington, Joe White in Detroit; Writing by Peter Henderson; Editing by Diane Craft and Lisa Shumaker) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Nokia’s Android phones probably won’t live up to the company’s hype BGR News Get a $100 AT&T Visa® Reward Card DIRECTVSponsored Wristband monitors your blood alcohol content while you drink Yahoo Tech The iPhone 7’s missing headphone jack: The scandal that wasn’t BGR News I paid $3,000 for my MacBook Pro and got emotional whiplash Yahoo Finance The New Face of Marijuana Investing MONEY MORNINGSponsored Bus-sized asteroid will whiz by Earth today, coming closer than the Moon BGR News Privacy |Terms |About our Ads |Suggestions Brought to you by Yahoo Finance
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Budget 2017 Arun Jaitley Kaabil Raees Donald Trump Home World UPDATE 4-Uber CEO quits Trump's business advisory group Shares1 Fri, 3 Feb 2017-06:14am , Reuters Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group on Thursday amid mounting pressure from activists and employees who oppose the administration's immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The White House said in a statement Thursday evening that did not mention Uber that Trump "understands the importance of an open dialogue with fellow business leaders to discuss how to best make our nation's economy stronger." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive would attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned-board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. The departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. "There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley," said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. "They (the Trump administration) clearly don't value the economic activity generated by tech." Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump's travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump's order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Donald Trump names former 'black site' prison operator CIA deputy chief World Protesting Trump's travel ban Yemeni-Americans shut shops in New York City World Rex Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada World Thailand looks at India for investments, woos global capital World US warns North Korea of 'overwhelming' response if nuclear arms used World 'Let's switch jobs': Arnold Schwarzenegger hits back at Donald Trump Next Article > New nibbles for a boozy night out Next node New nibbles for a boozy night out Related Trump's travel ban blocks 4-month-old girl from receiving open heart surgery Protesting Trump's travel ban Yemeni-Americans shut shops in New York City Rex Tillerson, on first day, addresses dissent and calls Mexico, Canada Video Shocking: Man climbs fence to avoid paying zoo ticket, gets mauled to death by tiger Balancing Act: Watch Vietnamese circus artist brothers smash an INSANE Guinness World Record ‘Backpack Challenge’ is the new teen craze taking over social media View all Tags Donald Trump Travis Kalanick Indra Nooyi Washington Battery Ventures Blackstone Group Boston Consulting Group Elon Musk Google JPMorgan Chase PepsiCo Reuters Silicon Valley Tesla Motors United States White House Amazon Microsoft Corp Alphabet Inc America Apple Inc Blackstone Group LP Expedia Inc General Motors Co IBM Corp JPMorgan Chase & Co Neeraj Agrawal U. S. Uber Technologies Inc Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Walt Disney Co com Inc SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Advertise Reprint Rights News Romanian president says economy good, investors not threatened TMC protests against Centre over demonetisation, Bandyopadhyay's arrest Germany's Merkel says Europe has its fate in its own hands Congo rebel revival endangers elections - ambassador to U.N. UPDATE 2-Japan readies package for Trump to help create 700,000 U.S. jobs Sport Kevin Pietersen pulls out of IPL-10 owing to excess cricket Kohli is enemy No.1 but sledging will backfire: Hussey NBA-Highlights of Thursday's NBA games IND vs AUS: Mike Hussey warns Australia to avoid angering Virat Kohli Reuters Sports News Summary Entertainment SC to hear 'Jolly LLB-2' matter on Feb. 7 FINALLY! Akshay Kumar BREAKS SILENCE on having ISSUES with Priyanka Chopra Outsiders can't afford to do ordinary work in Bollywood: Vidyut WATCH | 'Hare Krishna Hare Ram' from 'Commando 2': Vidyut Jammwal gives an energetic TWIST to the song! This has deeply affected me: Priyanka on Trump immigration ban Money Steel prices remain steady in thin trade Gram, its dal fall on subdued demand Select base metals slide on muted demand Companies spend over Rs 18,600 cr towards CSR in 2 years Wheat extends losses on ample stocks Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Amazon Forecast Sparks Investor Concern on Big Spending by Spencer Soper @spencersoper More stories by Spencer Soper February 2, 2017, 4:15 PM EST February 2, 2017, 6:59 PM EST Holiday sales missed on currency exchange, slower cloud growth Operating expenses increased 23% to $42.5 billion in period Amazon Reports Disappointing Sales in Holiday Quarter Amazon.com Inc. projected earnings for the current quarter that indicate stepped up spending on warehouses, movies and gadgets will continue this year at the expense of profits. Operating income in the first quarter will be $250 million to $900 million, which is less than a year earlier even though revenue is forecast to increase as much as 23 percent to $35.8 billion. “It means they’re going to spend a ton of money,” said Michael Pachter, an analyst at Wedbush Securities. “When you see revenue go up and earnings go down, it spooks people. It’s called negative leverage and the street hates it.” The forecast suggests that Amazon Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos will continue expanding a delivery infrastructure designed to get products to customers quickly, produce more video content that encourages people to join and renew Amazon Prime memberships, build gadgets like the voice-activated Echo personal assistant and push further internationally into markets including India. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Amazon reported operating expenses rose 23 percent to $42.5 billion in the fourth quarter ended Dec. 31. The spending included $5.7 billion to store and deliver items, particularly those ordered by Prime customers who pay $99 a year for free, fast shipping. The company also announced Monday it would build a $1.49 billion air hub near Cincinnati to accommodate its growing fleet of cargo planes. The hub and planes make Amazon less reliant on United Parcel Service Inc. and FedEx Corp. and complement its network of warehouses around the country. Holiday Sales Sales increased 22 percent to $43.7 billion in the fourth quarter, the Seattle-based company said Thursday in a statement. Analysts estimated $44.7 billion. Foreign currency changes reduced sales growth in the period by 2 percentage points, the company said. In Amazon Web Services, the company’s cloud-services division, revenue was $3.5 billion, up 47 percent from a year earlier. While cloud computing is Amazon’s fastest-growing and most profitable segment, that’s down from a 55 percent rise in the third quarter. Price reductions from the unit contributed to the slowdown, said Ron Josey, an analyst at JMP Securities. “Expectations got way ahead of themselves in the fourth quarter and this is a reset,” he said. Shares fell as much as 4.6 percent in extended trading after closing at $839.95. The stock had gained more than 10 percent over the past month in anticipation of a strong holiday period. Prime Membership Retail competitors, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc., are struggling to match Amazon’s quick delivery on a wide assortment of goods as shoppers shift their spending from stores to websites and smartphones. U.S. online sales in November and December totaled $91.7 billion, up 11 percent from the previous year, according to Adobe Systems Inc. “Tens of millions” of new members joined Prime in 2016, Chief Executive Officer Jeff Bezos said in the statement. Prime had an estimated 65 million U.S. members at the end of September, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners in Chicago. The company doesn’t disclose the membership statistics. Expectations for holiday revenue also were too high given the company’s dominance in e-commerce, said Vic Anthony, an analyst at Aegis Capital Corp. “Amazon stock tends to get bid up over the euphoria of retail shifting online during the holiday shopping season, and now it’s taking a little breather,” he said. Net income was $749 million, or $1.54 a share, from $482 million, or $1 a share, a year earlier. Analysts estimated profit of $1.36 a share. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Trending Now Trump Twitter Bursts Throw Decades-Old Alliances Into Chaos Who Will Pay for San Francisco's Tilting, Sinking Millennium Tower? America’s Top Prosecutor Defied Trump and Got Fired. Now She Gets Paid Trump Slams ‘Dumb Deal’ With Ally Australia After Testy Call Nordstrom Says It’s Cutting Ivanka Trump Brand Due to Poor Sales Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
ROS LBoard 1 Selva may become another Richard Huckle, MCA warns FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Uber CEO quits Trump’s business advisory group Reuters | February 3, 2017 Travis Kalanick comes under increasing pressure to leave the group after Trump issued the travel ban. SAN FRANCISCO/WASHINGTON: Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick, facing criticism from immigration advocates for serving on President Donald Trump’s business advisory group, quit the group on Thursday, the company said. The CEO of the ride hailing service had been under mounting pressure from activists who oppose the administration’s immigration policies. Critics included Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. “Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that,” Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts and opt for rival Lyft Inc. Uber has been emailing users who deleted their accounts to say it shares their concerns and will compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order “and its issues for our community” and told the president he would not join the economic council. The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. “There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America,” he wrote in a note to employees. “Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there’s a growing fear the US is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants.” The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive will attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned-board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. The departure could signal a growing rift between technology companies and Washington. “There is a battle brewing between Trump and Silicon Valley,” said Neeraj Agrawal, general partner at Battery Ventures. “They (the Trump administration) clearly don’t value the economic activity generated by tech.” Microsoft Corp on Thursday said it proposed a modification of Trump’s travel limits. Technology companies including Microsoft, Google owner Alphabet Inc, Apple Inc and Amazon.com Inc have opposed Trump’s order, arguing that they rely on workers from around the world. Amazon and Expedia Inc have filed court documents supporting a legal challenge to the order by the Washington state attorney general.   Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Johor tak pernah keluar kad ‘Bangsa Johor’ Jolie slams Trump travel ban, calls for ‘compassionate America’ Explore topics FMT, Trump, Uber, White House ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Chatime: Malaysian franchisee used unapproved ingredients Zaid: Chinese love Malaysia and want to do more, but… Polis perlu hantar Jamal ke Tanjung Rambutan, kata Zuraida Umno to ‘conquer’ Penang? Sleeping in a hall with 300 others, sharing doorless toilets Pensioner wins RM27.4 million Sports Toto 4D Jackpot PPBM-PAS talks hit stalemate, says Guan Eng Refer Jamal to psychiatrist, Zuraida advises police SIA stewardess from Penang dead in US hotel Zaid to announce his political plans next week ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Why China is different Umno to ‘conquer’ Penang? Weeding out fake news Pembersihan ‘mahasiswa berdosa’ di universiti Is Biodiesel good for you? ‘Getting stoned is no biggie’ More... FMT Bahasa 200 protes bantah sekatan Trump di Kedutaan AS Khalid nafi tuduhan akhbar UK polis peras pekerja asing Serbu kedai judi, Jamal direman 5 hari Najib: Dr Mahathir U-turn sokong BR1M kerana kajian Bank Dunia Bonus 5.75% bagi pendeposit Tabung Haji PRK Tanjong Datu: Zahid harap parti lawan tepati janji More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
147686468041 Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Subscribe Manage Manage my account Preferences Newsletters Subscribe to TV Weekly Subscribe to Newsday Manage my account Subscribe to TV Weekly Uh-Oh! It looks like there is no Newsday subscription account associated with this login information. If you used an Optimum login, click the Connect Account button to use your Optimum login info to manage your Newsday subscription account. If you used a Newsday login, it looks like it's not connected to an active subscriber account. To verify your subscription information, click the Connect Account button. Otherwise, click Subscribe to create a new Newsday account. CONNECT ACCOUNT SUBSCRIBE Today's Paper Today's paper / archives » Newsday Fun Book » Recent covers gallery » Special sections » Traffic 0 Weather 27° Log in Log out Sections Home Long Island Top Stories Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns Investigations Data and maps Commuting LI Life History Obituaries Sports Top Stories Yankees Mets Islanders Rangers Jets Giants Knicks Nets High school College Columns Videos Scores Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey Horse Racing Media MMA Motor Racing Olympics Soccer Opinion Top Stories Matt Davies Columnists Letters to the editor Submit your letter Business Top Stories Real Estate Technology Cars Columns Mutual funds Markets Stocks Nation and World Nation and World NYC State and Region Health Technology Weird news Lottery Entertainment Top Stories Movies TV Celebrities Music Books Theater Reality TV Crosswords Puzzles Comics Lifestyle Top Stories Restaurants Family Pets Travel Food and Drink Top 100 Restaurants Fashion and Shopping Home and Garden LI Getaways Recreation Retirement Advice Events Valentine's Day Winter Things to do Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages Legal Notices Obituaries Crosswords More Today's Paper Weather Traffic and Transit Data and maps Photos Videos Act 2 Horoscopes Advice Columns Lottery search Long Island Sports Entertainment Lifestyle News Business Health Opinion Obituaries Cars Homes Jobs Long Island Uniondale man stole SUV, wallet from fitness center, say cops Updated February 2, 2017 8:37 PM By Deon J. Hampton  deon.hampton@newsday.com Reprints + - advertisement | advertise on newsday A Uniondale man is accused of stealing a vehicle and a wallet from a fitness center in East Garden City, Nassau County police said. Police said Richard Ray, 58, stole car keys and the wallet from a locker at the LA Fitness on Stewart Avenue on the afternoon of Dec. 27. Ray left the fitness center in the male victim’s 2016 Chevrolet sport utility vehicle, police said. The contents of the wallet were used to purchase an undisclosed number of Target gift cards, according to police. advertisement | advertise on newsday The vehicle was later recovered in the parking lot of a Walmart on Old Country Road. Police said Ray was arrested Wednesday and charged with fourth- and second-degree grand larceny, and third-degree identity theft. He was to be arraigned Thursday in First District Court in Hempstead. Get the Newsday Now newsletter! The best of Newsday every day in your inbox. sign up    Click here to read or post comments Comments Newsday.com now uses Facebook for our comment boards. Please read our guidelines and connect your Facebook account to comment. More coverage Cops: Taxi passenger beaten, robbed A taxi passenger was beaten and robbed in Freeport by two men who jumped into Cops: 3 pedestrians hit by car near Walmart Officials: Phone scammers posing as utilities Nassau County Executive Edward Mangano and acting Police Commissioner Thomas Krumpter are urging citizens to Like it? Share it! Back to Top Services Subscribe Manage my Newsday Today's paper Join us on Facebook Join us on Twitter Sign up for newsletters Get our Apps Newsday mobile Our Network News 12 am New York Newsday Cars The Hometown Shopper Newsday Homes Newsday Jobs Optimum Newsday Connect News 12 Varsity News Long Island Nassau Suffolk Education Crime Politics Towns NYC U.S. / World Business Technology Commuting History Data and Maps Traffic Obituaries Sports Giants Jets Knicks Nets Islanders Rangers Yankees Mets High school Colleges Columns Scores Videos Photo Entertainment Celebrities Movies TV Music Restaurants Theater Lifestyle Family Shopping Pets Events Travel Books Weekend Guide Valentine's Day Winter Classifieds Jobs Cars Real Estate Yellow Pages More Crossword Weather Photos Videos LI Life Act 2 Lottery RSS Archive Site Map Privacy Policy Your ad choices Terms of Service Subscription Terms Contact Newsday Careers Reprints & Permissions Media Kit Advertise with Newsday Help Copyright ©   Newsday. All rights reserved. Sorry to interrupt... Your first 5 are free Access to Newsday is free for Optimum customers. Please enjoy 5 complimentary views to articles, photos, and videos during the next 30 days. LOGIN SUBSCRIBE
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, February 03, 2017, 3:13 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Guest writer See the difference Motivation key to education By Larry McNeal Special to the Democrat-Gazette This article was published today at 2:54 a.m. Comments aAFont Size I am amazed and appalled at the shallow thinking that has been used to label some schools as failing schools. Let's examine the logic behind that accusatory labeling. If half the students in a school do not perform satisfactorily on specified standardized tests, then the school is tagged as a failing school. If half are deficient, then the other half must be proficient, so the school must be doing something right for half of the students. So what's the difference? All the students share the same facilities, the same administration, take the same basic courses before getting into electives, and are taught by the same teachers! The only glaring variable is the student population! It is probably not politically correct to blame student failure on the student, but my 50 years as a teacher tells me that student attitude and motivation are the root determinants of student success. And yes, we have a higher percentage of low-performing students among our minority population, but it is not race that is the cause of the problem. I give you one example from my teaching experience. I taught a class of 30 students at SAU many years ago where a black female set the curve at the top of the class, while a black male set the curve at the bottom of the class. The female student came to class every day, paid attention, made intelligent comments in class discussions and turned in quality homework, in addition to turning in the top test scores. The black male, in contrast, did come to class every day, but after I made eye contact with him while checking my seating chart, he leaned back and closed his eyes for the full 50 minutes. After two or three weeks of this, I confronted him after class and told him I was going to start counting him absent. He was outraged and told me I couldn't do that! Hey! Of course he was technically right and I didn't follow through on my threat. He made by far the lowest scores on the two or three tests taken and turned in poorly done outside assignments if they were turned in at all. I called him in to my office a week before the deadline to drop a course without penalty (i.e., an F) and strongly recommended that he drop the class to avoid the F. He argued that he hadn't missed a day and that he was on track to pass. I showed him his grades and told him he would have to make an A on the two remaining tests to get a D in the class. He ignored my evidence and came to every remaining class session. Of course he flunked the class. Contrast those two minority students. Obviously the difference was not race. It was student attitude and motivation! The old adage of "you can take a horse to water but you can't make him drink" is exactly what we are facing in our schools. The horse-racing season is on and provides a good analogy. Suppose half of the horses in the race were well-nourished, well-trained and raring to run while the other horses were poorly nourished and poorly trained. Would you blame the race track for the obvious outcome? So what needs to be done to motivate our at-risk students? I think we need to look at the students in the at-risk demographic who are performing well in the successful half in a "failing school" and identify what significant influences helped them overcome disadvantages such as poor home life, negative peer culture, etc. I suspect that early intervention, (like Head Start), after-school programs like school sports, Keith Jackson's PARK program, and other community programs that promote positive values could significantly reduce student failure in school. The best way to find out what works best is to do a longitudinal study of a given group of schools, for example, the Little Rock School District. The state Department of Education could apply for a grant to do this, possibly from the Wal-Mart Foundation. The state Legislature could pass a resolution to get the ball rolling. Let's identify what works and aim our money to support those programs and activities that provide the needed support for our teachers and schools instead of blithely labeling them failures and penalizing them. The schools with high percentages of at-risk students shouldn't be expected to solve this problem alone while fulfilling their primary task of teaching subject matter in a group setting where student motivation and cooperation are essential. ------------v------------ Longtime educator Larry McNeal lives in Waldo. Editorial on 02/03/2017 Print Headline: See the difference Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Opinion and Letters* The Republican Fausts Turing's Law It's your job, or was Welcome to 2017 See the difference Reporting on refugees Letters JOHN BRUMMETT: Know when to hold 'em The differences More Opinion and Letters* stories > Comments on: See the difference To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented JOHN BRUMMETT: Know when to hold 'em (45 comments) VIDEO: At breakfast, Trump seeks prayers for Schwarzenegger over 'Apprentice' ratings (21 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Land of the scaredy-cats (77 comments) 100 riled, cite curbs on access to U.S. Sen. Tom Cotton (32 comments) After revenue report, Arkansas governor tells agencies to brace for possible cuts (9 comments) Police: Father arrested after baby taken to Little Rock hospital with life-threatening injuries (11 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Top Menu VCCircle  | VCCEdge  | Bizcircle  | Events  | Training About Us Contact Get Daily Email Update Show navigation Hide navigation Home Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Listings: SaaS 10 Angels 15 2014 2013 2011 Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 Home > Internet > Google ends Apple’s 5-year reign as world’s most valuable brand Google ends Apple’s 5-year reign as world’s most valuable brand February 3, 2017  | Disha Sharma Tweet | 0 Comments Google has dethroned Apple to become the world’s most valuable brand, ending the iPhone maker’s five-year reign at the top. According to Brand Finance’s Global 500 2017 report, Google’s brand value surged as much as 24 percent last year to $109.4 billion. Cupertino-based Apple’s brand value, however, fell 27 percent to $107.1 billion, and it dropped to the second place. “Google remains largely unchallenged in its core search business, which is the mainstay of its advertising income,” the report said. The Google brand benefitted from the numero uno position it enjoys in the maps space, and its other products—Android, Chrome and YouTube—also retained their individual brand value. However, the report also mentioned that Google is attracting scrutiny over the erosion of personal privacy and potential monopolistic behaviour, and that a mono-branded approach here may not work in its favour. Google had made attempts to move away from this approach in 2015 when it went through corporate restructuring and became a division of new parent Alphabet. Diversifying its brand portfolio helps Alphabet avoid excessive scale and divert regulatory attention, mentioned the report. On the other hand, Apple has “failed to maintain its technological advantage and repeatedly disillusioned its advocates with tweaks when material changes were expected,” the report said. Other top brands Tech brands continued to enjoy superlative brand value, followed by the banking sector, telecommunications, retail and auto. E-commerce firm Amazon was third ($106.4 billion) on the list, followed by telecom company AT&T ($87 billion), which came in fourth. The fifth position was held by Microsoft ($76.3 billion), followed by South Korean electronics giant Samsung, telecom firm Verizon, US-based retailer Walmart and social media company Facebook. Amazon’s brand value grew 53% in 2016 as it continued capturing market share in several geographies. Facebook saw 82% growth in brand value, but Chinese tech brands Alibaba, WeChat and Tencent grew faster at 94%, 103% and 124%, respectively. Like this report? Sign up for our daily newsletter to get our top reports. Tags: Alibaba, Amazon, Apple, AT&T, Brand Finance, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Samsung, Verizon, Walmart, WeChat Leave a comment Name - required Email - required, never published Website Comment RECOMMENDED FOR YOU × Paytm E-Commerce set to raise $252 mn in round led by Alibaba Exclusive: Ola in the midst of top level churn Flipkart may raise funds at lower valuation More in videos » Amazon leases over one mn sq ft of office space in 2016   RECENT COMMENTS POPULAR POSTS Chetram atariya on 2017-02-02 20:10:45 Very nice ola cab my jaipur city thanku ola owners have a nice day... Abhishek Ballaney on 2017-02-02 19:51:40 Uber understands urban mobility better than anyone else. You also need to start... Saurabh Singh on 2017-02-02 14:57:56 Thank you Anshuman for proposing new directions. We need people like you to addr... Winni on 2017-02-02 14:25:20 This is a big news for many existing players in India. It could be a big jolt or... Aditi Nandan on 2017-02-02 12:56:36 Agree! You point of view is absolutely correct regarding startups and their cha... Snapdeal investor Vani Kola joins Flipkart, Ola in ‘capital dumping’ debate Exclusive: Ola in the midst of top level churn Exclusive: Former Zephyr Peacock MD, ZipDial’s Pathak launch fin-tech startup With UberEATS, is Uber biting off more than it can chew? MakeMyTrip net revenue jumps 81%, adjusted net loss narrows Tweets about "#techcircle.in" Categories Internet Mobile Enterprise Gadgets Startups Money Specials Fastrack 20 Digirati 25 SaaS 10 Angels 15 About About Us Press Releases Advertise Contact Follow Us Linkedin RSS Feed Facebook Twitter News Corp Companies Proptiger Bigdecisions.com Makaan.com WSJ MarketWatch Mansion Global Realtor © 2017 Techcircle.in. Property of Mosaic Media Ventures Pvt Ltd. A company show hide
Home Tools Solano News US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds Commentary NewsFeed 5,328 272 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Local lifestyle columnists Literary boon in 7 banned countries on ‘the list’ By Susan Winlow From page B1 | February 03, 2017 Roll call! Nuruddin Farah, Somalia. Hisham Matar, Libya. Najem Wali, Iraq. Shahrnush Parsipur, Iran. Jamal Mahjoub, Sudan. Nihad Sirees, Syria. Nujood Ali, Yemen. Donald Trump’s travel and immigration ban targeting seven countries that are predominantly Muslim had me doing some searches on Google. Much like the banned books featured during the yearly Banned Book Week (Sept. 24-30, 2017), I began to search for captivating and unique authors from the seven banned countries: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. I plan to read one author from each country, in hopes that I continue with my goal of reading out of my comfort zone this year. Here are my picks: Somalia: The first is actually a fiction trilogy by Somali-born author Farah. “Knots,” “Links” and “Crossbones” make up the Past Imperfect series. All three books involve Somalians – Jeebleh and Cambara – returning to their homeland and rediscovering their roots at different phases in their lives. Each book is supposed to characterize Somalia during that time period, giving us a solid historical snapshot of this complicated country ripped by political conflict, piracy and the ruling drug lords. Libya: I chose author Matar to be a little different. He’s young, and was actually born in New York while his father, later labeled a political dissident, worked at the United Nations. Matar spent most of his young life in Tripoli, then in Egypt while in exile, and later on, in London. He’s lived under the shadow of his father’s unsolved kidnapping since 1990. My chosen book by Matar, “In the Country of Men,” was shortlisted in 2006 for the prestigious Man Booker Prize. This coming-of-age story is told from the viewpoint of 9-year-old Suleiman, who grows up under the sadistic authoritative regime of Moammar Gadhafi. He grapples with what is going on around him, struggling to understand clandestine and confusing actions by those around him, including his father. Iraq: The description of “Journey to Tell al-Lahm” by the exiled Wali had me at “Kerouac-esque.” I’m a huge Jack Kerouac fan, fan of the Beat Generation, and love road trip narratives. So, if it purportedly reads like “On the Road,” I’m there. This story, labeled as a cult classic that is banned in multiple Arab countries, focuses on a road trip taken in a stolen Mercedes-Benz by two friends while the country is under the dictatorship of Saddam Hussein. The two amuse themselves with outlandish anecdotes about themselves, their partners and friends that in truth paint a subtle negative picture of their stifled life under Hussein’s dictatorship. This book was supposed to have been translated into English. All I can find is “Die Riese nach Tell al-Lahm.” Fine, whet my appetite and then take the drink away. I’ll keep looking. Iran: Tehran is/was a dichotomy. Many of its streets are named after Iranian writers and poets, yet it just relaxed massive book censorship a couple or so years ago. Google leads to interesting facts – that particular one was found in The National, a government-owned, English-language newspaper based in the United Arab Emirates. I also learned about Iranian author Parsipur, who lived in the East Bay in exile for quite a while, and her allegorical and surrealistic tale “Women Without Men,” which is about a female-only utopia outside the walls of Tehran. The short novel tells the fantastical stories of five women attempting to live without men in modern-day Iran. Following on the banned theme, publishers released the novella in 1989 and the government promptly banned it for its themes of women’s sexuality and empowerment. The police also jailed Parsipur. Sudan: Another road trip. This time with author Mahjoub through the country of Sudan in an ancient Peugeot in the book “Traveling with Djinns.” Mahjoub is British and Sudanese and grew up in both England and Sudan. “Traveling with Djinns” is about Yasin and his 7-year-old son Leo. Yasin is also half Sudanese and half British, with two passports but no national identity. He struggles to understand himself and where he belongs, especially in the wake of his pending divorce. Yasin and Leo road trip it through Europe while Yasin sorts out his life and feelings. Syria: No road trip in Syria for me with author Sirees. Instead, “The Silence and the Roar” takes me to the fictional Fathi Sheen, an author banned from writing because he refuses to kowtow to the chaotic regime and write outlandish government propaganda. We spend 24 hours with Sheen in this short novella during which time he’s arrested, jailed and sits in solitude waiting. It’s supposed to be funny – laughing during trying times. It’s been compared to George Orwell – unnamed country, regime or leader – with a focus on message and meaning rather than character, location and plot. Yemen: I should have read “I am Nujood, Age 10 and Divorced” as soon as it came out. It’s been on every bookshelf I’ve perused from Walmart to Barnes and Noble. Ali, who is now about 18, married at age 10 in her native Yemen. In a startling stance against Yemen culture, she then divorced her husband, who was three times her age. She made a daring escape and now fights against forced marriage in Yemen. Is this column a political stance, you ask? Not necessarily. Rather, it’s a literary stance, with a subtle reminder behind it. Look at all that great literature! Check out theculturetrip.com. Click on the literature tab and open an entire new world of reading. Susan Winlow is a freelance writer. She is the former features editor for the Daily Republic. You can find her on her blog at www.youvebeenbooked.com/blog or on her new bookish Facebook page at www.facebook.com/youve.booked. Email her at susanwinlow@youvebeenbooked.com. Susan Winlow Story Archive @swinlowdr on Twitter LEAVE A COMMENT Leave a Reply Cancel reply Discussion | No comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Recent Articles Rail Arts District forms in Napa, first mural complete Solano high school students compete for national poetry honors Golden Dragon Acrobats stop in Vallejo for four shows ‘In My Dreams’ opens at Lawler House Gallery Week in preview: Feb. 3-9, 2017 Community Calendar: Feb. 3, 2017 Barnes & Noble a haven in Fairfield News org threatens to sue Oakland over records on fatal fire Record $466M spent on California ballot measures Mexico exports no longer just avocados, tequila Man sent back to Iran under Trump travel ban returns to US Coal ash pits: Duke Energy tells neighbors to waive claims Drought-easing California snow heaviest in 22 years US nonprofits reject funds to fight extremism due to Trump Maria Trinidad Antonio Trump’s ‘sanctuary city’ order splits red and blue states Berkeley chaos spurs questions at birthplace of free speech Court revives suit over government pesticide approvals Carl S. Everett My speech problem is starting to interfer with my job Subscribe via Email Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. Email Address Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Stars and Stripes 02-02-17 Home Seller 01-28-2017 Stars and Stripes 01-26-2017 Home Seller 01-21-2017 Coupons and More: January 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Shop Local 2016 Local Cravings Menu Guide Breast Cancer Awareness 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Women Making a Difference 2016 Readers’ Choice 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest 5 things you need to know Friday The biggest news to start your morning. Post to Facebook 5 things you need to know Friday The biggest news to start your morning.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2k2lvPm {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs 5 things you need to know Friday Editors, USA TODAY 2:26 a.m. ET Feb. 3, 2017 Wrapped in blankets, Sub-Saharan migrants sit on the deck of the ship Golfo Azzurro after their rescue from a rubber boat by members of the Proactive Open Arms organization in the Mediterranean sea, about 24 miles north of Sabratha, Libya, on Jan. 27, 2017. (Photo: Emilio Morenatti, AP)   EU leaders poised to take a big step on closing migrant route A European Union summit in Malta on Friday is focused on finding ways to reduce the number of migrants from Libya. Thousands have died along an illegal migration route across the central Mediterranean. The summit comes amid global criticism of President Trump's restrictions on refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries. EU Council President Donald Tusk wants tougher action from the 28 EU leaders to break the smuggling rings and their deadly sea routes. FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Thousands of migrants rescued near Libyan coast  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Migrants, most of them from Eritrea, jump into the water from a crowded wooden boat as they are helped by members of a non-governmental organization during a rescue operation in the Mediterranean Sea, about 13 miles north of Sabratha, Libya, on Aug. 29, 2016. Thousands of migrants and refugees were rescued from more than 20 boats by members of Proactiva Open Arms organization.  Emilio Morenatti, AP Fullscreen A boy looks on inside a crowded wooden boat carrying more than seven hundred migrants before being rescued in the Mediterranean Sea.  Emilio Morenatti, AP Fullscreen Migrants from Eritrea hold their children after been rescued from a crowded wooden boat as they were fleeing Libya, during a rescue operation in the Mediterranean sea, about 13 miles north of Sabratha, Libya.  Emilio Morenatti, AP Fullscreen Migrant women from Nigeria, one of them holding a baby, are rescued by emergency teams in a dinghy in the Mediterranean Sea.  Emilio Morenatti, AP Fullscreen A man holds himself on the side of a boat after jumping into the sea from a crowded wooden boat during a rescue operation at the Mediterranean sea near the Libyan coast.  Emilio Morenatti, AP Fullscreen Belongings left behind by migrants are seen in the floor of a wooden boat where more than 700 migrants were fleeing Libya during a rescue operation in the Mediterranean Sea, about 13 miles north of Sabratha, Libya, on Aug. 29, 2016.  Emilio Morenatti, AP Fullscreen A man carries his 5-day-old son after been rescued from a crowded wooden vessel as they were fleeing Libya.  Emilio Morenatti, AP Fullscreen Wet belongings of a migrant man are drying in the sun after being rescued in the Mediterranean Sea.  Emilio Morenatti, AP Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 8 2 of 8 3 of 8 4 of 8 5 of 8 6 of 8 7 of 8 8 of 8 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Signs may point to positive jobs report The economy could get some good news Friday when the Labor Department gives its January jobs report. Earlier this week, payroll processor ADP reported that businesses added a robust 246,000 jobs in January, possibly signaling the government will report a spike in hiring. Economists had expected ADP to record 168,000 new jobs, according to a Bloomberg survey. They estimate the government will announce 175,000 additional jobs in the public and private sectors. It's almost Super Bowl Sunday. Should you buy a new TV?  Experts say the two weeks before the Super Bowl beat Black Friday for scoring the lowest prices on the highest quality televisions. Win! Buying a new set now could save you big bucks. Here’s a beginner's guide to choosing a new TV just in time for the game. Pro tip: These are the best TVs you can buy for under $500. And, while you prep for your Super Bowl party, take stock of your snacks. This is what's on the menu in Houston. Oh, and have you checked out the commercials yet? Watch them all with USA TODAY's Super Bowl Ad Meter. CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Jennifer Jolly finds great way to save money on your new TV. Jennifer Jolly Special for USA Today Study shows lack of legal protections for transgender people A study released Friday paints a disconcerting portrait of the LGBT community’s battle for equality at the state level and highlights a glaring deficit of legal protections for those who are transgender. Twenty-three states — almost half the nation — have laws on the books that harm rather than help transgender people, according to the study from the Movement Advancement project. Another alarming stat: In 2016, about 200 anti-LGBT bills were introduced in more than 20 states.The study comes as rights activists fear President Trump may sign an executive order gutting federal workplace protections for LGBT people despite a recent statement from the White House that he intends to keep them in place. Jamie Killips of Madison waves an LGBT pride flag Saturday, Jan. 21, 2017, during the Women's March near State Street in Madison, Wis. (Angela Major/The Janesville Gazette via AP) ORG XMIT: WIJAN102  (Photo: Angela Major, AP) Trump's strategic and policy forum meets up President Trump's economic advisory council meets for the first time Friday at the White House. Created to assist Trump with economic policy and job creation, the council includes Tesla boss Elon Musk and executives from Wal-Mart, Disney and Pepsi among its members. The gorup will be one CEO short though. The council's debut comes less than a day after Uber CEO Travis Kalanick announced that he would be leaving the group amid growing backlash to Trump's executive order on immigration. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick is stepping down from President Trump's economic advisory council.  (Photo: Will Oliver, USA TODAY) And the essentials: Weather: Expect heavy snow in the Mountain West, rain on the West Coast and in the South, and light snow around the Great Lakes. Stocks: TV Tonight: Wondering what to watch? We're looking at the Crazy Ex-Girlfriend finale. Be inspired:Pilot flies dogs to a town that can adopt them If you missed Thursday's news, we've got you covered. Need a break? Try playing some of our games. You can subscribe to get the day's top news each weekday in your inbox. Contributing: NerdWallet, Associated Press 3 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2k2lvPm NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Uber CEO Quits Trump's Business Advisory Group ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Uber CEO Quits Trump's Business Advisory Group Published February 02, 2017 Features Reuters Facebook Twitter Print A photo illustration shows the Uber app logo displayed on a mobile telephone, as it is held up for a posed photograph in central London, Britain October 28, 2016. REUTERS/Toby Melville/Illustration (Copyright Reuters 2016) Uber Technologies Inc Chief Executive Officer Travis Kalanick has quit President Donald Trump's business advisory group after coming under criticism for taking part, the company said on Thursday. Continue Reading Below The CEO of the ride hailing service had been under mounting pressure from activists who oppose the administration's immigration policies, including Uber drivers, many of whom are immigrants themselves. "Joining the group was not meant to be an endorsement of the president or his agenda but unfortunately it has been misinterpreted to be exactly that," Kalanick, who had planned to attend a meeting of the group on Friday, said in an email to staff that was seen by Reuters. Uber spokeswoman Chelsea Kohler later confirmed that he had left the group. Social media campaigns had targeted Uber, urging users to delete accounts. The company this week has been emailing users who deleted their account to emphasize it shares concerns about the immigration orders and efforts to compensate drivers affected by the ban. Kalanick said he spoke briefly to Trump about the immigration order "and its issues for our community" and told the president he would not join the economic council. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT The CEO came under increasing pressure to leave the council after Trump issued an executive order temporarily barring people from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the United States. "There are many ways we will continue to advocate for just change on immigration but staying on the council was going to get in the way of that. The executive order is hurting many people in communities all across America," he wrote in a note to employees. "Families are being separated, people are stranded overseas and there's a growing fear the U.S. is no longer a place that welcomes immigrants." The move could put pressure on other CEOs expected to attend a meeting with Trump on Friday. General Motors Co said its chief executive will attend, while Walt Disney Co said earlier Thursday its chief executive would not attend because of a long-planned-board meeting. Others expected to take part include the CEOs of JPMorgan Chase & Co, Blackstone Group LP, IBM Corp and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Others that are part of the council include Tesla Motors chief executive Elon Musk, PepsiCo CEO Indra Nooyi and Boston Consulting Group CEO Rich Lesser. The White House did not immediately comment. (Reporting by Heather Somerville in San Francisco, David Shepardson in Washington, Joe White in Detroit writing Peter Henderson; Editing by David Gregorio) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Times Community News La Cañada Valley Sun News La Cañada school officials tout program aimed to foster 'better athletes, better people' La Cañada High girls' soccer Raul Roa / La Cañada Valley Sun The La Cañada High girls' soccer team celebrates a goal in a game vs. San Marino High on Friday, Jan. 27, 2017. The La Cañada High girls' soccer team celebrates a goal in a game vs. San Marino High on Friday, Jan. 27, 2017. (Raul Roa / La Cañada Valley Sun) Sara CardineContact Reporter To ensure student athletes cultivate winning attitudes as well as winning records, La Cañada Unified officials supported Tuesday a Positive Coaching Alliance program being tested at the high school and revised board policy on how athletes earn physical education credits. School board members received a progress report on the new alliance from Athletic Director Kristina Kalb, who shared the goals of the booster-funded program. She said she hopes to change the culture of athletics among coaches, players, parents and fans for the better. "Two years ago when I became athletic director, I noticed there were certain aspects of the (sports) culture that I absolutely loved and enjoyed in La Cañada," she said. "However, there was also some room for growth." Join the conversation on Facebook >> Anecdotes about fans intimidating opposing teams and coaches and players being removed from games for bad behavior got Kalb wondering if, in their overt desire to win, coaches, parents and the players themselves might be missing out on some of the rich life lessons competitive sports can offer. Kalb talked to other districts and institutions, and was repeatedly referred to a program developed in 1998 by the Stanford University Athletic Department. La Cañada High School football Photo by Libby Cline La Cañada High's Jamie Washington, center, celebrates with his teammates after intercepting a pass. La Cañada High's Jamie Washington, center, celebrates with his teammates after intercepting a pass. (Photo by Libby Cline) Operating under the motto "Better athletes, better people," the Positive Coaching Alliance has worked with more than 3,500 schools and youth sports organizations nationwide to imbue traditionally held goals of winning games and breaking records with the personal development of student athletes as teammates and as human beings. Ray Lokar, a former coach and athletic director who now works in the program, told board members the nonprofit PCA provides schools with the training, tools and resources necessary to implement a program throughout all student sports. The alliance trains coaches to create a culture of respect by broadening their definition of winning to include athletes' personal development and growth, both individually and as a team. Parents are taught to help reinforce those personal lessons on and off the playing field. "We don't go around telling people what the culture of their individual schools are supposed to be like, but we do talk about all the different constituents and people who are involved in the culture, who are responsible for kids having the kind of experiences they're going to have," Lokar told board members. "We (also) redefine winning by taking the focus off the scoreboard." Kalb said the LCHS Spartan Boosters agreed to fund the program for a two-year period. The campus PTSA and LCUSD contributed toward the cost of books and T-shirts meant to help drive the lessons home for the school community. A small group of coaches shared their own observations about the success of the program so far. Board member Kaitzer Puglia recalled Kalb approaching the Spartans Boosters with the initial request for funding. "I'm so excited this has been introduced to the school and has been embedded into the organizational culture," Puglia said, asking Kalb to come back again with another progress report in the near future. "Ultimately, this is going to impact our student population." P.E. Credits Also on Tuesday, the school board revised its policy detailing how students who play on CIF sports receive physical education credits. The change, explained LCHS Assistant Principal Mary Hazlett, was intended to alleviate unequal treatment between athletes and non-athletes. Students enrolled in daily P.E. classes are able to earn five credits per semester, or 10 per year over 40 weeks, toward a 20-unit graduation requirement. By comparison, athletes who participate in one season of team sports are given 10 credits each year, though their season is only 10 weeks long. With the remaining time, they can study, condition or leave school for sixth period. It was the last option, Hazlett said, that had some parents complaining. "Many parents voiced concerns this amount of free time ... wasn't maybe the best option," Hazlett said. The new policy funnels student athletes back into traditional P.E. courses for the time they are not actively playing their sport. Then, coaches will work with P.E. teachers on one comprehensive grade for the semester. Both athletes and non-athletes will also be able to fulfill their health requirement by using four weeks of P.E. class time to take a complete health curriculum, offered by a certificated teacher. Hazlett said the new policy would take effect for incoming freshman starting next school year, and that current high school students would continue under the existing policy. Fielding new options for LCHS facility use La Cañada Unified Chief Business and Operations Officer Mark Evans opened discussions with board members Tuesday about entering into a licensing agreement with Los Angeles Premier Futbol Club, current lessee of the La Cañada High School stadium field, over the use of space. The group's lease agreement is set to expire in 2018. Evans said the current agreement generates very little revenue. A licensing agreement through June 20, 2020, would generate about $3,000 a month with options for annual 3% increases after 2018 — compared to the current monthly lease amount of $1,500 — which would help the district bank funds for the next field replacement about 10 years from now, Evans told board members. Robert Friedland, president of Pasadena-based sports nonprofit F.C. Golden State, made a counter offer to the district in a public comment Tuesday, claiming the "woefully low" current agreement with L.A. Premier places the district in a stranglehold. "You're Nordstrom with Wal-Mart pricing," he said, suggesting the district ask L.A. Premier to pay a more reasonable $4,000 monthly with no contract extensions. "If they don't step up and do the right thing, and you are held to what you have to do for the 2017-18 wrongful contract you are in right now, we will make a donation equal to what your losses are." In exchange, Friedland continued, the district would open bids for future use of the field to his and other groups. Responding to his comments, representatives from L.A. Premier reminded school board members of the many positive partnerships the club maintains with local organizations and La Cañada High School. Board member Ellen Multari advised the board to act with careful consideration before taking any action when the item comes back to a future meeting for a second reading and vote. "This is a very complicated issue," she said. -- Sara Cardine, sara.cardine@latimes.com Twitter: @SaraCardine MORE EDUCATION Local high schools send their best and brightest to regional science bowl at JPL Mechanical engineer shares how JPL scientists communicate with Curiosity rover Committee delays Sagebrush review Copyright © 2017, La Cañada Valley Sun High Schools Stanford University California Interscholastic Federation Meet your La Cañada Flintridge City Council candidates La Cañada Unified and teachers union celebrate 'inspiring' school year La Cañada school officials tout program aimed to foster 'better athletes, better people' Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 59°
